duke . This country might , as the noble duke thought , lose some part of the money voted , in the event of the failure of Austria and Spain ; but it would lose nothing of its character ; it would lose nothing of its fame or its reputation . It would have the consolation of knowing that it had not , by its supineness and indifference , assisted the common enemy in the downfal of Europe . His lordship defended the Vote of Credit as an usual measure , and one which the present circumstances particularly called for . stated his objections to the subsidizing of the continental powers . He saw no great hopes from the Austrian contest , as Buonaparte was now at Vienna , and there was even reason to suppose that the emperor Francis had solicited peace . There was no duty , he contended , on our part , which required any pecuniary assistance to Austria . He cautioned administration against an improper expenditure of money on continental connections . was happy to hear from ministers that we had taken no part in urging Austria to the present war . He was satisfied , nevertheless , that the Vote of Credit was usual , reasonable , and necessary . It was certainly desirable , whatever might be the issue of the war , that government should possess the means of assisting , to a moderate extent , the efforts of the European nations against the oppressions of France . There was nothing , he heard , of subsidy in the treaty with Austria . All that was asked was a Vote of Credit , to enable ministers to act according to the exigencies of affairs . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit certain motions , with regard to persons accused , committed , discharged , convicted , or punished for particular offences in this country for a certain period . The object of his motions , the hon . and learned gent , stated to be preparatory to a measure which he had had some time in contemplation , to propose for the amendment of our Criminal Law , with a view to diminish its severity , and at the same time , to ensure the certainty of punishment . In looking into the practice , he found that it was at vari- 714 ance with the principle of the law ; that it did not correspond with the theory , and that in this view there was much to correct . He would have brought this business before the house at an earlier period of the sessions , if it were not for the difficulties which he found to stand in the way of complying with his motions at the Secretary of State 's Office , owing to the imperfect manner in which returns were made to that office with respect to persons who were convicted , or who had suffered the sentence of the law . For instance ; from the returns in this office , relative to house-breaking , or stealing in a dwelling house , it appeared that although 913 persons , male and female , had been convicted of that offence within seven years , only one was stated to have been executed . When the papers for which he was about in move , should be laid before the house , the hon . and learned gent , stated his intention to propose , he hoped , early in the next sessions , that the whole should be referred to the consideration of a committee . Upon the subject of transportation , and confinement in the hulks , he meant particularly to request the attention of that committee and the house . Many of the unfortunate convicts sentenced to transportation , were known to have actually spent the period of their sentence on board the hulks before they were sent out to Botany Bay , and the extreme depravity which they were likely to contract , the wretchedness they were condemned to suffer on board the hulks , could not be unknown to any one