they were cognizable in the Committee of Elections . At a later period , [ Anno 1592 ] when these Committees were united , all such offences were ( a ) 2 Doug . p. 402 . ( b ) 3 Edw . I. c. 5 . ( c ) 1 W. & M. Sess . 2. c. 2 . ( d ) 9 W. & M. Sess . 1. c. 7 . 840 of course tried indiscriminately before this joint jurisdiction . And so things continued until happily the functions of the Committee of Elections were transferred by the Grenville Act to a better Tribunal . But the general conservation and vindication of our Rights and Privileges , except so far as divested by special Statute , still resides , as we all know , in the House at large , and its Committee of Privileges . Whoever therefore looks into the proceedings of all these several jurisdictions according to their different periods , will find abundant traces of the inquiries which have been instituted , and the censures which have followed upon offences of all these descriptions . And from the period of the Revolution , we may see them exemplified in the prosecutions conducted by sir Edward Seymour against the Directors of the New East India Company in the reign of King William ; in the Reports of the Secret Committee upon the last ten years of Sir Robert Walpole 's administration during the last reign ; in the charge brought against Lord North upon the Milbourn Port Election , and the general character of these Offences is evidenced by all the language of similar proceedings , in our own time . But , Sir , beyond this : —Practices of this description are not only offences by the Law of Parliament , they nave been long since adjudged to be criminal by the Common Law of the Realm . The Bribery of Votes was adjudged by the Court of King 's Bench , in the early part of the present Reign , to have been a Common Law Offence , ( e ) even though no precedents could be adduced to show it , and to have been punishable as such long before its encreased prevalence made Parliament deem it necessary to restrain it by special Statutes ( f ) . And in like manner any previous agreement or compact to control the Votes of Electors ( even although the Electors are not themselves bribed ) has been adjudged to be illegal upon general grounds of policy and jurisprudence.—Such was the Case which arose in the Burgh of Stirling in the year 1773 , ( g ) where some of the Town Council had entered into a corrupt Agreement to divide the Profits of the Burgh , and ( e ) K. v. Pitt & Mead , Burr . Blackstone . ( f ) 7 W. III . 2 Guest . ( g ) 2 Doug . p. 412 . Wright 's Law of Elections . 841 what they were also pleased to call the Parliamentary Profits , and to bring no person into the Magistracy but such as should vote with them upon all Parliamentary Elections ; under this Agreement , Elections were had and passed unanimously . But when this Agreement was discovered and questioned , although it was manifest that the other Electors were neither party nor privy to the Agreement , nor had profited thereby , the Court of Session not only declared the Agreement itself to be illegal , unwarrantable , and contra bonos mores , but also that by reason of the undue influence under which such Elections were had , all those Elections were void and null . This Judgment afterwards came by Appeal to the House of Lords , and was there , in November 1775 , affirmed.—At a later date , another question of this sort came before an Election Committee under the Granville Act , from the county of Berwick , in 178l . ( h ) The Petition there stated that two of the Candidates had by themselves , and friends , combined to control