he wished to disqualify from holding seats in that house , begged to say a few words.—The hon . gent . had proposed no practical amendment to the great influence of which he complained . That house consisted of 658 members , and the measure suggested by the hon . gent . would not go farther than to disqualify 25 of them , which was a number so small that it could not make any sensible alteration in the constitution or the decisions of that house . He had occasion to state a few days ago , that the number of placemen now in parliament was less by 18 or 19 , than it was in the year 1781 . He had since found that in fact there were about 25 or 26 less than at the former period . When the hon . gent . spoke of the unobserved influence of the crown , he certainly had forgotten , or perhaps not attended to the statement he had then made . The diminution of the influence of the crown over the members of that house was still greater in respect of this , which was called the unobserved influence , than in the ostensible places granted by the government . Formerly , valuable bonuses in loans , lotteries , and contracts , used to be given to the members of that house ; and nothing was more common than members having the profits of offices held in other names , and of which none but the ministers , or those immediately about them , knew any thing . There were probably , in former times , above 50 or 60 members who thus enjoyed concealed favours from the crown . As to the king 's immediate household , or grooms of the bedchamber , he had never heard of their influencing the decisions of that house . He believed that at present there was but one amongst them who was a member of the house of commons . As to the provisions so often spoken of in the Act of Settlement , they were immediately found to be impracticable , and that serious inconveniences would result from them ; and therefore this part of the Act of Settlement was very soon repealed . It appeared to him , upon the whole , that if the increasing influence of the crown was what the hon . gent . complained of , he had not pointed out a sufficient remedy . said , that , as the hon . gent . had begun his speech by saying , that he could not conceive any possible objection to his motion , 944 he therefore thought it necessary for him to give his reasons for opposing it . He considered that if the house were to agree to the motion , it would be expressing its opinion that it was desirable to take the subject into serious consideration , with a view of diminishing the number of placemen in parliament . He , therefore , conceived , that it would be prejudgcing the question to agree to such a motion , whereas the question would not be prejudged by their not agreeing to it . It would be open to the hon . gent . to bring it forward as early as he pleased in the course of the next session . The hon . gent . had stated , that at no former time was it ever argued in that house , that the crown ought to have an influence over the members of that house . Now , he would venture to say , that whenever the question of reform was agitated there it was resisted on that very ground , that practically it was of advantage to the country that the crown should have some influence in that house . Even the celebrated Resolution of Mr. Dunning , `` That the influence of the crown had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished , '' did not go so far as to take away all influence from the crown . In this motion , which the hon