who had an opportunity of judging of those miserable receptacles , where so many met a melancholy death . This was a statement which the public had already had from a very high authority . The consequences of sending men to a distant colony were also material to be known . It was important to ascertain what number has been transported to Botany Bay within the period of 20 years , since which that colony had been so used , and more particularly in consequence of the events which recently took place in that colony.—The learned gent , read his motions , which comprehended the period from 1802 to 1808 , as he understood it would be difficult to procure returns farther back . The first motion was for the number of males and females convicted at either the assizes or the sessions within England and Wales , for the period alluded to ; together with the number committed , and the offences with which they were 715 charged , distinguishing those against whom no bills were found , discharged by proclamation , and also the sentences pronounced , and the punishment suffered . The second motion was , for the number transported to New South Wales , the period of sentence from their embarkation . The third , for a return of the number who died before the period of sentence expired , or before they were embarked . stated , that it would be difficult if not impossible , from the nature of the returns in the Secretary of State 's office , to make out certain pans of the returns required by the learned gentleman . He therefore suggested to the learned gentleman , the propriety of withdrawing those parts of his motion which related to the several gradations between committal , conviction , and execution , which from the kind of returns sent into the office by the several jailors , could not be made out ; nor could a return be made as to the period of the embarkation of transports . With regard to the hulks , he was enabled to say that very salutary alterations had been made in their conduct , and he had himself ordered inquiry to be made , with a view to some farther regulations , which he hoped would , particularly under the superintendance of the present inspector , Mr. Graham , operate to remove the evils complained of . adverting to the notice of a motion which he gave last sessions , with regard to the state of New South Wales , observed , that he had not redeemed his pledge , because he was induced to calculate upon the introduction of some measure on the part of his majesty 's ministers , who had the opp6rtunity of being much better informed , and the power of enforcing the arrangements , which were obviously necessary to amend the civil establishment of this colony . Recent events in New South Wales should urge ministers to take this business into their most serious consideration , and it was the duty of parliament to inquire into the grievances complained of by our fellow subjects at so great a distance . Indeed , it ought to be the policy of both government and the legislature to take up this inquiry , in order that a colony , the extension of which no one could anticipate , should be attached to the mother country , by the interests which we manifested in its concerns . He would , from these considerations , bring the matter forward at an early period of the next sessions , if mi- 716 nisters did not think proper to take it into their own hands . Before that period ample information would no doubt be received from this colony , and if ministers did not act upon it , he hoped he should have the assistance of that information in the course of proceeding , which he should feel it his duty to propose . stated , that a most competent person had been sent out as governor of New South Wales , invested with ample powers