stood , as considering it at once scandalous and disgraceful . declared his determination of supporting the bill even in its present shape , under the hope that it still would be productive of some good , for he could not believe that any ministers would dare to abuse the principle so openly acknowledged by it . conceived that the bill as it stood , if disgraceful to the house , as asserted by his hon . friend , would at least not be so to the bringer in of it . But he considered that the effect of it would be to narrow the entrance into that house , between the Treasury and the popular boroughs . though unwilling to accede to the bill in its present mutilated state , yet would not oppose it for the little good it might effect . declared , that in the present state of the house , after members had gone away , he would not delay the public business , by dividing it on the question . had no idea of gentlemen retiring from their duty as a reason for not taking the sense of the house , where he felt his duly required if , and determined to do it on the present occasion . said that under the understanding general on these occasions , he would be better pleased not to divide the house ; but if it took place , he would give the same vote he meant to give on the passing of the bill . He was never better satisfied of any thing than of the purity of the hon . member who brought in the bill . But when he found the bill as it now stood contained only three lines and a half of that which was originally brought in , it would do more to destroy the Constitution than any act passed since the Revolution . proposed a clause to prevent the sale of the office of Clerk of Assize , and to render it an office during pleasure , in-instead of being as at present , during life . observed , that this office had not been sold during the time of any of the present judges . To reader the person holding the office removable , however , at pleasure , would be to subject him to be removed at the discretion of every senior judge as he went the circuit . It was understood that this office was not in future to be sold . objected to the increase to the salaries of the Chief Justices in Wales . In this he was supported by Mr. Abercrombie , and opposed by Mr. Perceval and Mr. Ryder.—The clause was carried . objected to the increase of the salaries of the Welsh Judges generally on the ground of the inutility of the continuance of the four circuits in that country , and of its having been recommended by one of the reports of the Finance Committee to turn the whole into one . The effect of the present increase to all the judges would only be , in the event of an 989 after compliance with this recommendation of the Finance Committee , to occasion a lavish expenditure of the public money , in causing an additional recompense in proportion to the increased salaries to be granted . said , the idea of refusing to increase the salaries of the Welsh judges might have the effect of starving them out ; but that , he was satisfied , was not the wish of his hon . friend . As to the idea of abolishing any part of the judicial establishment in Wales , he had never heard that this was desired by the people of that country . thought the augmentation essential to the dignity of the judicial character . proposed a clause for prohibiting Welsh judges from holding seats in parliament . dissented from any such idea . Those judicial characters from Wales who had been candidates for seats in parliament , had been the most distinguished persons from that country . maintained , that for the last thirty years the