may in all cases supply the place of the said offices , and whether granted by parliament , or placed at the power of the crown , to grant , under limitations with 1029 respect to amount , and with regulations for bringing them under the immediate notice of this house , will provide for every object to which Sinecures can be usefully applied : —That , in pursuance of this principle , this house will , at the earliest period , take into its further most serious consideration , the means of effecting the Abolition or Regulation of all offices of the above description , and especially with respect to such of the said offices the emoluments of which have increased beyond all precedent or expectation at the time they were granted , and are capable , from their amount , of being applied with material benefit to the service of the state . '' The noble lord prefaced his motion , with a speech of which no part was audible in the gallery . The motion was negatived without any observation . said , that his first and general objection to the Bill was , that the object of it , however commendable , was not such as to become a fit subject of legislation . For this opinion he had at least a pretty strong voucher , in the universal practice of mankind down to the present moment . In no country had it ever yet been attempted to regulate by law the conduct of men towards brute animals , except so far as such conduct operated to the prejudice of men . The province of criminal legislation had hitherto been confined to the injuries sustained by men . This fact , though affording a pretty strong presumption , ( sufficient , one should think , to make us pause , and not hurry through the house , with hardly any discussion , a bill of so novel a character , ) was yet , he would confess , not absolutely conclusive . It might be right , that 'all this should be changed ; ' that what was now proposed , should be done , though it had never been done before . But the question was , at least , of some importance , and not to be decided without more discussion , than had hitherto taken place , or could now well be expected before the sessions would be at an eud . The novelty of the subject , not in its details or particular application , but in its general character , was a topic not brought forward , as an objection , by the opposers of the bill , but claimed and insisted upon by its authors . In a pamphlet , circulated with great industry , ( and of equal authority , as coming from the same source with the bill itself , ) it was expressly 1030 stated , and with no small triumph , that the bill would form a new era of legislation ! Two reflections arose upon this ; first , that we ought to take care , to be cautious at least , how we began new eras of legislation ; secondly , that we ought to have a reasonable distrust of the founders of such eras , lest they should be a little led away by an object of such splendid ambition , and be thinking more of themselves than of the credit of the laws or the interests of the community . To have done that which no one yet had ever thought of doing ; to have introduced into legislation , at this period of the world , what had never yet been found in the laws of any country , and that too for a purpose of professed humanity , or rather of something more than humanity as commonly understood and practised ; to be the first who had stood up as the champion of the rights of brutes , was as marked a distinction , even if it should not turn out , upon examination , to be as proud a