the legislature . Where then , he asked , was the breach of faith ? It had been said that a remonstrance was coming over ; it might be the case , but he could not believe that it would be signed by the officers who commanded until he saw it . contended that they were to construe the capitulation , not according to the intention of the officers , but to the sense in which it was taken by the people who were the subjects of it . said , that the public faith of the country was not pledged to the proposition stated by the hon . gent . The officers could not use a language capable of such an interpretation . They had gone out unshackled , and there was no stipulation or understanding between them and the inhabitants of Martinique previous to the proclamation . Upon that ground , therefore , the question was to be argued ; he lamented that the principle of that measure was not taken up at an earlier period , as much benefit would result from it . Upon the whole , the motion had his approbation . said , as a mere question of policy it was necessary to cultivate the militia of the island ; for when we were last in possession of it , they repulsed several attacks made by the enemy from Guadaloupe , and as the bill did not go to give that encouragement , he would give his decided opposition to it , as he conceived Martinique was entitled to the same favour bestowed on other conquered islands . said a few words in opposition to the bill . addressed their lordships as follows : `` My lords , in this case , I have the honour to appear before you on the part of the Plaintiffs in Error . The question now under your lordships ' consideration is of so much importance as necessarily to command attention . I should , therefore , hold it a waste of your lordships ' time , if I made any prefatory remarks upon it . My lords , this is a Writ of Error against a Judgment given in his majesty 's court of King 's Bench , in a case originating in an information filed by the Attorney General against the Plaintiffs in Error , John Harriott Hart , and Henry White . The venue of the information was laid in the city of London , where the Trial also took place . The Plaintiff 's were afterwards brought to the Bar of the court of King 's Bench , where Judgment was passed upon them , the one to be imprisoned in the county gaol of Dorset , and the other in the county gaol of Gloucester , for 18 calendar months , after the expiration of which , each party to be farther imprisoned for the like term ; and , at the end of this imprisonment , each of the Plaintiffs in Error to give security for their good behaviour for five years , themselves in the sum of 500l. , and two sureties in the sum of 250l . each.—Upon this Judgment , my lords , this Writ of Error is brought before you , and I hope satisfactorily to convince your lordships , that this was an erroneous Judgment , and therefore ought , in justice , to be reversed and annulled by this high and honourable court . This Judgment , my lords , admits of two great and leading grounds of objection : the first , as the gaols of Dorchester and of Gloucester in which the Plaintiffs are imprisoned under the Judgment of the court , being neither of them the immediate prisons of the court , or the gaols of the counties where the offences were committed , nor the court of King 's 584 Bench being , at the time of passing sentence , sitting in either of these counties ; and secondly , to which another part of my arguments shall apply , as to the security required from the Plaintiffs , which I contend