Europe from the enemy 's colonies , in neutral ships . Now we are to be told , that it is not the bringing sugars to Europe , but the bringing them into the home consumption of Great Britain that is injurious to the interests of the British Planter . I shall not read the evidence given by any of the gentlemen whom I see in their places , because I am unwilling to put my friends to the blush ; and therefore I shall confine myself to the testimony of a gentleman , not a member of this House , but who stands high in the estimation of all those who know him , both for talents , and for his application of those talents : a gentleman who thinks justly , and thinks deeply . I mean Mr. Bosanquet . On being asked , 'to what causes do you principally impute the in- adequacy of the returns since 1801 ? he gives the following answer ; I attribute it to an excess of importation beyond the home consumption , which has rendered the sale of the grower 's produce dependent on exportation , not only for the consumption of the quantity , but also for the price , which I conceive to be formed on a standard inadequate to his expences . I mean the market price on the Continent ; which market can be , and is supplied with sugar , at a cheaper rate than it can be grown by the British Planter ; and according to the axiom , that the price of a commodity will entirely depend upon the price at which the surplus can be sold , it is obvious that the market price at home , has , ever since the importation materially exceeded the home consumption , been governed by the price on the Continent . ' These opinions , Sir , so far from being controverted , are confirmed by the concurrent testimony of every gentleman connected with the West Indies , who was then examined to the same point . The House may naturally wonder how it happens , that gentlemen should think so differently on the same subject , at different periods . I can only observe , that the sentiments they formerly delivered , were not given with a view to any particular circumstance likely to affect the home consumption , and may therefore be considered as the genuine unbiassed sentiments of their minds . The sentiments they will now deliver , are framed with a view to a particular circumstance likely to affect the home consumption , and may perhaps have received a bias from that circumstance . Perhaps there are few classes of men altogether free from certain prejudices , on points connected with their own interests . We are all apt to receive opinions into our minds , without due examination ; to take them as it were upon trust , particularly when they come to us with a sort of hereditary sanction ; and thus it is that prejudices sometimes acquire the force of principles . Men are so sensibly alive to their own interests , that if a measure is proposed which they know can do them no good , and fancy that it may by any possibility , however remote , do them harm , they will scarcely allow themselves to give it a fair and impartial discussion . An impression of this sort was lately very liberally got the better of by the landed interest , who consented to the substitution of sugar for grain in the distilleries ; though some few gentlemen contended to the last for the principle , that the agriculture of the country ought never to be interfered with under any possible circumstances . This principle , however , as it was termed , could not be maintained : for the real principle of all the corn laws , is founded upon an interference with the agriculture of the country , and sanctions the importation of foreign corn , whenever the price of British corn exceeds certain limits . It was , therefore , in strict