was to prevent the fluctuations to which it was now subject . The hon . gent . recommended that the bank of England paper should be a legal tender in Ireland ; but he ( Mr. F. ) would ask , was the bank of 90 Ireland paper a legal tender here ? And he would warn the house how it would adopt any measure , the consequences of which might be so injurious to the country , as the making of bank paper a legal tender in any part of the kingdom . He must oppose the motion for going into a committee , as no good could result from it , and much injury might possibly ensue , in the present state of things , if the attempt were made without success . About four years ago , there was scarcely any currency in Ireland , but since then there was a sufficiency of silver to answer all her domestic purposes ; she was also in complete possession of a copper currency much better than that of England ; the amount of her silver currency was about 1,200,000l. , 200,000 of which was issued by the Bank of Ireland in Bank tokens ; there was no part of the Irish currency aliquot parts of the English denomination . The hon . gent , proposed to call in and recoin all this money ; but he had not stated what was to be done in the mean time , or how the inconvenience of waiting until it was recoined , was to be obviated . He ( Mr. F. ) was against holding up to the expectations of the country what was impracticable , and therefore he would oppose the motion for going into a committee . said , that the cause of the exchange between the two countries was , that one was in debt to the other , in which case , the exchange was always in favour of that which was the creditor . Ireland was much in debt to England . said , that he was a member of the committee to which the hon . gent . had referred , but when the committee recommended the measure he had quoted , they had a view to an antecedent measure , which did not take place . said , that though he entertained the greatest respect for every thing that fell from his hon . friend , who had , upon that occasion , displayed great ability and knowledge ; still he was of opinion , that his plan would , after all , be attended with considerable difficulty , if it was not altogether impracticable . While the restriction with respect to the issuing of money from the Banks existed , he thought there was a great obstacle to it ; nor did he think that the equalization of the coin would produce so great an effect upon the exchange as the hon . gent . seemed to think . A bill which had been brought forward by an hon . friend of his , the member for Waterford , ( Sir J. Newport ) per- 91 mitting the export of corn from Ireland into England , had done more to equalize the exchange than all the other causes put together . Looking forward with hope to the time when it would be more practicable than at present , he would , if he might presume to advise his hon . friend , recommend that he would not press the house to a division upon the question . allowed that it would be a desirable object to assimilate the course of exchange , but did not think the measure before them calculated to effect it . said , that he wished to set himself right in the conception of the house , in a few parts of his statement , in which he had been misapprehended . He was always aware that bank paper was not a legal tender , and he thought he had guarded against the appearance of any intention of making it so , as his words were `` as legal