. He was hardly clear of the Channel before ministers received from general Spencer more accurate accounts . General Spencer stated the amount of the French force to be 20,000 men ; then all was alarm and confusion , and ministers contemplated sending out an expedition 134 upon a more extensive scale , and thought 25,000 men hardly sufficient . When the force was augmented by so large a number , it appeared to his majesty 's ministers to be too large to be entrusted to the command of sir Arthur Wellesley . It is supposed , that considerable difficulties existed with respect to the appointment of a commander in chief of that army . First , it was said , that the command was to be given to an Illustrious Duke ( the Duke of York ) ; then it was confidently stated that a noble earl now in my eye , ( the earl of Chatham ) was to have the command . It seems most extraordinary , that the gallant officer who had so recently returned from Sweden , whose military talents were of the first order , and who had seen a variety of service , should never have been thought of ; or that there should have been any hesitation in placing the command in hands so worthy to receive it , as those of sir John Moore . It appears , however , that it was not thought fit to appoint sir John Moore to that important trust , and the chief command was given to sir Hew Dalrymple . I do not mean to say , that this was an improper selection . I have the honour of a slight personal acquaintance with sir Hew Dalrymple ; but from the little conversation I have had with him , I conceived him to possess ability , and to be well informed upon military subjects ; and whilst at Gibraltar , he evinced , in the assistance he rendered to the Spaniards , both discretion and judgment . But , it has happened to him , as it has happened to many , that he has risen in the service without having been much employed . It does appear , however , as if ministers acted from some direct personal feeling towards sir John Moore , for it seems as if they were determined to prevent sir John Moore from having the command under any probable circumstances , by appointing sir Harry Burrard , his senior officer , second in command to sir Hew Dalrymple ; and singularly enough , sir Harry Burrard was sent out , I believe , in the same vessel with sir John Moore.— ( Here the noble Earl entered into a detailed view of all the circumstances , attending the different expeditions sent out to Portugal , their landing in that country , and until the battles of Roleia and Vimiera . ) —I have already , continued his lordship , stated what justice obliged me to say with regard to sir Hew Dalrymple . I am not less willing to pay to sir Arthur Wellesley the tribute which his high services and talents deserve . I believe him , 135 from all . I have heard of him , to be a deserving officer , of great merit and abilities ; in short , such an officer , as , in these times of difficulty , the country may look to with the hope of the most advantageous services . But sir Arthur Wellesley was placed in a situation in which no officer ought to be placed . It was impossible that sir Arthur Wellesley should not have felt a considerable irritation at the command being taken away from him ; and if he fell into an error on this occasion , it was an error , into which every man of ardent zeal and honourable ambition was likely to fall , when he saw an opportunity of acting with honour and advantage for his country against the enemy.—On the 17th of August he came into contest with an advanced corps of the French army , and then the