the last brilliant spark that lingered of the spirit of Europe , had been stifled and extinguished . It was not to the army , then , that they were to look for the cause of the failure , nor to the commander in chief of that army ; for upon him they had bestowed the proudest monument of his conduct whilst living , and most exalted tribute to his memory when dead . And justly had they done so . Had they neglected thus to record the memory of his splendid services , they would have left to the enemy the grateful office of rearing a monument to his illustrious fame , on that field in which he gloriously fell in battle at the moment of victory , whilst combating under disadvantages against a superior force . But it was not to the cold marble ; to the still honours of the tomb ; to the lifeless monument which may have been erected , or to the distinguished inscription it may bear , that they were to look for the character of sir John Moore . His monument was the ground upon which he fell . That it was which bore the brightest testimony to his immortal fame . But he had a still more enviable living monument in the breasts of those brave troops , among whom as he had ever fondly lived , so he had bravely terminated his glorious career . It was not to his actions , then , that they were to look for the cause of those disasters which had unfortunately attended the progress of the campaign ; over his actions the tomb had closed , and who should venture , with unhallowed hands , to tear open the sanctuary of the tomb ? Who should dare to rake up the ashes of the illustrious dead , for the purpose of patching up a lame and impotent justification for the errors , incapacity , and misconduct of the guilty living ? If any attempt of that description should be made , he trusted , that the house , in justice to the memory of that illustrious officer , and the generous feelings of his grateful countrymen , would treat it with merited reprobation . But when acquitting the general and his brave army of any share of blame for the unfortunate issue of the campaign , the house must bear in mind , that there were two other parties to the transactions : his majesty 's ministers , who had directed the operations of the campaign , and the allies at whose solicitation 441 it had been entered upon : those allies , with whom his majesty 's ministers , when they knew all the extent of the calamities in Spain , but the fatal consequences of the affair at Corunna , had concluded a treaty of alliance , without stipulating any one condition of reciprocity in favour of this country ; —a treaty by which we had bound ourselves to wage war for them , and to acknowledge the sovereignty of any man they might elevate to the throne , even should the supreme power be vested in the hands of him against whom we were now fighting ; —a treaty unexampled in the annals of European diplomacy . But they were not then to discuss the merits of that treaty , nor whether it was not right that this country should have afforded all the assistance which her means enabled her in the support of the Spanish cause . If these allies were incapable by their own councils to guard their own interests , his majesty 's ministers should not have submitted to them the direction of ours , nor concluded such an alliance under such circumstances : it was not to these allies , then , that the house was to look as the source of the disasters which had befallen us . There was indeed , one excuse which might be urged in defence of his majesty 's ministers ; that the disasters which took place had been the result of events which it was not within the compass