. member was replete with sound argument , supported by indisputable facts , and corroborated by the best authorities ; nothing was advanced in it which the hon . member did not most satisfactorily sustain , and it was very evident that , when the 1126 house heard this statement , a great degree of surprise was excited , inconsequence of the extent of proof which the hon . member was able to advance in support of his general opinion . In what the hon . member opposite has said , respecting the expenditure of the last year being greater than the expenditure of the preceding year by seven millions , he has altogether misrepresented the hon . member and me . He made no such absurd position , as that of saying , that because the expenditure had increased seven millions , therefore a saving might be effected of eleven . He referred to this fact merely with a view of shewing that grounds existed for forming a presumption that a considerable saving might be effected , and that whatever he advanced in the detail might be borne out . But how does the hon . member account for this increased expenditure ? He says that a million and a half of it was paid to the East India Company , and to make out the remainder , he says , that we are to consider the great advance which has taken place in prices ! Why , Sir , here it is that the argument of the hon . member behind me appears in its full force . Why has so great an advance in price taken place ? Is it in consequence of any improvident measure of this house ? I , Sir , maintain that it is—and that if this house did form a true representative body of the people , giving full effect to the abilities of the country , no such measure could have taken place as the Orders in Council , which is the immediate cause of this great advance in prices , and most particularly so on all articles for the navy , the purchase of which forms so considerable an item in the public expenditure . When , Sir , I come to consider the observations of the hon . member upon the statement which has been made to the house , I can not avoid remarking how very superficially he has dwelt upon that part of it which relates to the Army . It is in this department where , according to common notoriety , the greatest abuses prevail ; and in the general management of which , a greater want of sound principles is generally conceived to exist than in any other department ; and though the hon . member behind me has made out items on which six millions , in his opinion , might be saved , the hon . member opposite has confined his observations to two of them only , the Foreign Corps and Fortifications . Is the house to conclude from this that the hon . member is unable to meet arguments and authorities advanced upon this general 1127 head ? I think , Sir , it has , in a great degree , a right to do so ; it has at least a right to infer that the hon . member who has proposed this saving , has not done so on the light grounds of mere assertion , imputed to him by the hon . member . As to the Foreign Corps , any thing that has been said on this head was founded upon the opinions of the most able military and constitutional authorities . The argument of the hon . member , that 700,000l . the whole estimate for Fortifications , might as well be taken off as 500,000l . is founded in a misconception of what was said on the subject . Five hundred thousand pounds was proposed to be taken off , on the principle that no new Fortifications should , be built ; a principle which the hon . member admits to be sanctioned by the