much which partakes of the judicial character , and his official tenure is the same as that of the judge 's . In short , I am perfectly certain , that if the examination of the public accounts was devolved to committees of this house , they would either undergo no examination at all ; or , if they were looked into , it would only be such a formal examination as would afford a cover to fraud , or occasionally , perhaps , an oppornity of gross injustice to particular individuals , who might be brought before us as accountants . The hon . gent . has described the board of auditors as not discharging their duty . In this he is mistaken . The establishment of this board was greatly enlarged by the late administration , and it is whimsical enough that the hon . gent . should almost in the same breath praise them for this exertion , by which the ex-pence was more than doubled ( not improperly doubled , ) and propose to abolish the 1122 establishment altogether . The fact is , that within these two years , a great many of the accounts in arrear have been audited , and that there is reason to hope that the whole arrear may be done away in a few years , by a continuance of the present establishment , subject to such modifications as experience may suggest . The other saving the hon . gent . proposes to effect is , by doing away the whole of the charge now stated in the printed accounts , under the head of Bounties , amounting to upwards of 500,000l . per annum . From the manner in which they were noticed by hon . gent. , one would almost conceive that he is disposed to represent these bounties as largesses or gratuities arbitrarily given , instead of being , as they really are , drawbacks and encouragements to our manufactures , and some of our most essential branches of national industry . There is not a shilling paid in this way , except under the express authority of some act of parliament , or which could be withdrawn , without involving in ruin some important establishment , or some great national object . The amount of our public taxes , and the mode of collecting them , having been brought under the consideration of the house by the speech of the hon . gent. , I trust I shall be excused for taking this opportunity of stating my entire concurrence in the view taken of our situation in this respect , as stated by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) in the course of the present session . I agree with him , that great as is the amount of our present taxes , it is certainly not greater , in proportion to the means of the country to bear the burden , than in any former war ; whilst in every other respect our situation is infinitely more satisfactory . I am aware that the sum levied annually upon the people of this country , is now three times as great as it was in the year 1793 ; and though this weight of taxation is severely felt by some classes , and especially by those who possess only unimprovable fixed incomes , a circumstance greatly to be regretted , I maintain that , upon the whole , the present generation of the people of England , considered as a nation , have more means of procuring to themselves the enjoyment of life than any of their predecessors ; that , in point of fact , we witness daily , in every part of the country , a greater degree of luxury , and a greater share of comfort than at any former period ; and that there is no corner of the 1123 kingdom in which , so far from there existing any symptoms of deterioration or decay , we have not seen , within these last twenty years , the most certain indications of improvement ; an improvement , however