and said , I have no money in my pocket , I have gained nothing by the transaction , and therefore I am innocent . It was a better and more modest way of proceeding , and may have some tendency to mitigate the punishment which the house may be inclined to adjudge to him . I wish that some censure may be adopted which shall vindicate the dignity of the house : not only the public now , but posterity will look to our decision upon this occasion , and be influenced by it . I remember a charge once brought against a Treasurer of the Navy , for having misapplied the public money , which had been granted for a particular service . I remember too , that the person charged in that instance , declared that no human power should compel him to disclose the manner in which that money had been applied . Yet that person ( lord Melville ) had been brought to trial . Here we have the evidence of one of our own body , confessing the fact charged , and shall we suffer it to pass unnoticed ? Will any member state , that what appears upon the evidence in this case , if carried into effect , would not have been deserving of punishment ? For nay part , I think expulsion the smallest that could be applied to it . I certainly am not for punishing the intention with the same severity ; but then I am as far from agreeing that no notice should be taken of it . A case occurred some time ago , of a man attempting to murder another by striking him with a poker on the head ; on the trial there was 229 some difficulty in ascertaining the extent of the crime , in order to proportion the punishment ; the poker was not an instrument to cut with , but the intention was equally manifest as if it was , and equally punished . Upon the same ground , I think that the intention manifested and acknowledged by the noble lord , is sufficient to establish his criminality . Consider what an effect your compliance with the motion of the noble lord may produce upon the country hereafter ; how natural will it be for subsequent parliaments to say , when called upon to punish a minister who has actually executed what the noble viscount only attempted , `` in the parliament , of 1809 , the attempt was considered too trifling to be noticed . Surely , then , the performance of it now is of no material consequence . `` —Something has been said with respect to aggravation , in this case . It has been said , that that patronage did not fall to the noble viscount by virtue of his own office , but was attached to some other department , distinct from his . I do not think that such interchanges ought to exist . This circumstance , however , does not appear to me to be any aggravation of the noble viscount 's fault ; but as certainly it is no extenuation of it . If that was admitted , it would open the door to numberless other abuses ; for if a Chancellor of the Exchequer was to make a corrupt appointment in a public department , he might say , `` I have nothing to do with that , it does not come immediately under my office , it was in the department of my friend the Secretary of State . '' This exchange , this borrowing of patronage for the purpose of influencing the return of members to parliament , ought to be prevented , and it is upon the strongest conviction of the necessity that I vote for the Resolutions proposed by my noble friend , because if the negociation failed , it was from other grounds , and not from want of inclinatien on the part of the noble lord . claimed the attention of the house for a short time . He wished that , in considering the whole of