the ignorance of his friends , relative to this transaction , that the hon . baronet was called upon yesterday to give notice of this motion . For although his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) was unacquainted with it , as he must be naturally supposed , having no connection with it , still nearly the same explanation had been given to the hon . baronet yesterday , which the house had heard to-day . But yet he was happy that the notice was called for . He esteemed that rule of proceeding , because it guarded the house , or , at least , those who might be particularly interested , against being taken by surprize ; but it did more ; by apprizing persons of an in- 39 tended motion , those likely to be affected by it , and particularly ministers , means might be taken to counteract statements , which would otherwise go forward uncontradicted , to produce inflammatory impressions—the only object possible , in some cases , of bringing them forward . The hon . baronet was constantly jealous of persons in office . Perhaps it was a very laudable jealousy , and he did not mean to quarrel with it . But he could not help observing , that the hon . baronet looked at every thing proceeding from administration with a very prejudiced , jaundiced eye . If not , how could the lion , baronet designate the transaction under discussion as a scandalous job ? How could he think of inflaming the public mind by such an assertion , without having , as it appeared , taken any trouble to enquire into the circumstances ? Why , without such enquiry , endeavour to produce the impression out of doors , that in order to gratify some favoured individual , the poor sick pensioners were exposed to inconvenience , as if there was no feeling for the fate of these men but in the breast of the hon . baronet ? But , let gentlemen consider the plain state of this case . It appeared , that a lot of ground was purchased for the use of the Infirmary , at Chelsea . Upon this ground the Infirmary was built , and a certain proportion of the ground remaining was unappropriated . This was the proportion disposed of to col. Gordon . If such a disposition had not been made ; if the remainder of this ground had been left useless and unproductive , how probable was it that , with the jaundiced eye of the hon . baronet directed towards all ministerial measures , he would have come down to that house to complain , that ministers , that those who , in his opinion , forfeited all public confidence , by endeavouring to serve the public in office , were such improvident stewards of the public property , that they had left a certain portion of land utterly useless and unoccupied , which might have been let on good terms ? But in all future dispositions of crown lands , the hon . baronet , he supposed , would rather that ministers should consult him than the surveyors appointed by law . To this idea , however , with all respect for the hon . baronet 's judgment in such matters , he could not accede . The right hon . gent , concluded with expressing his confidence , that when the papers moved for were produced , they would serve to refute all the aspersions which the hon . baronet 40 had thought proper to fling out against his majesty 's ministers . thought the hon . baronet entitled to the highest thanks for calling the attention of the house to this subject . Any attempt to diminish the convenience , or even to interfere with the beauty , of Chelsea Hospital , he should most strenuously deprecate . That building he considered as a splendid monument of the benevolence , and a gratification to the pride , of the country . It furnished accommodation to the old , and encouragement to the young soldier ; and therefore every