point . Having carried a measure of great political magnitude , which had been rejected by the lords merely on the ground of obtaining time for inquiry , as the lords had now the Report which afforded them the fullest information on the subject , it became the duty of that house , by passing the present Bill , to shew that they were as much and as feelingly alive to the public interests as when they first brought forward the measure . He would not therefore trespass further on their time , but moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives with benefit of survivorship . '' was surprized at the way in which the noble lord had chosen to magnify the present subject , as if the endeavour to carry it , were similar to the struggles of our ancestors for Magna Charta and the Bill of Rights ; and as if it comprised within itself every thing vital to the constitution . For his part , he had never disguised his opinion of the bill . He could never see in it that importance which was attached to it by many ; he did not perceive that it contained any serious attack on the prerogatives of the crown : and much less did he conceive that it comprehended any valuable acquisition to the privileges of the people , or would lead to any considerable alleviation of the public burdens . As an economical measure it was nothing , or rather it would prove probably injurious ; for there were instances in which at present services were rewarded with reversions , which services , if the proposed bill were to become a law , must receive some immediate reward of perhaps greater value.—Having stated what had always been his opinion on the present measure , he should now mention what were his grounds for opposing the introduction of the bill at present . He objected to it principally , because the bill was not at present necessary . They had at this moment an act which would not expire till six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament . They were thus guarded against the granting of further reversions 196 in the mean time , and , in the course of the next week , they would , pursuant to the notice of the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Martin ) , have a Report under consideration , the effect of the discussion upon which would go to determine , whether any of these offices should be abolished ? Under these circumstances , to discuss the bill at present , appeared to him inexpedient and premature . The instance of the Residence Bill was not in point . Had that bill not been passed before the expiration of the temporary measure , considerable evils would have ensued ; but should a bill for abolishing reversions be introduced in the next session of parliament , and should it not reach the period of its passing into a law , before the expiration of the Suspension Act , could it for a moment be supposed that any minister would advise his majesty to grant a reversion under such circumstances , and thus to take advantage of the interval of a fortnight or three weeks , that might elapse , at a time when the attention of parliament would be so steadily directed towards the subject ? —The noble lord had stated , that the constitution of this country was never more entire , nor more perfect , than at this moment . In this he concurred . Was it not fit , therefore , that we should look with jealousy to any plan by which it was proposed to improve it ; and that if our constitution was now most perfect , we should beware of those specious arguments of reform , which might have the effect of causing us to lose what we at present so happily enjoyed ? He only wished the house to pause .