ing the representative assembly of the people . It seemed to be generally allowed , that some sort of reform was necessary , and he was sure that this sort of reform was not that which the people expected , or the times called for . This bill , which was introduced as a measure likely to unite all parties , had turned out directly the contrary , as it had disunited in opinion most of those who had been accustomed to agree on other subjects . The house had lately heard the opinions of many of its members respecting their ideas of the constitution , and of the best means of correcting its notorious abuses , and restoring its primitive purity . It would be seen that hardly any two agreed upon the subject . One man said , this was the constitution , and another said , something else was the constitution . The only point that all agreed in was , that to their particular ideas of what was right and proper , they gave the name of the Constitution . He should be more precise in his definition of it ; he borrowed his ideas of the constitution from the statute book , and for every one of those opinions he entertained , upon this most important of all subjects , he was prepared to quote chapter and verse in support of them . He knew there were many who laughed at the idea of bounding the constitution within the limits of the laws of the land.—The constitution appeared in those men 's eyes as some sublime kind of mystery which it was hardly possible to conceive , and still more difficult to explain . His views of it were very different—he had been at all times perfectly ready to explain those views—and , if there was any ambiguity in the opinions he had delivered at any period , or in any place , upon that subject , he was sure it was unintentional on his part . He knew , however , that when the words , demagogues , public agitators , haranguers of the people , and enthusiastic reformers , were so often mentioned in that house , he was the person principally alluded to . He would not therefore continue any longer the butt of such insinuations , nor rest contented in that calumniated and denounced situation . He thought , that short as the duration of the session would probably be , the house ought not to break up contaminated , as it must appear in the eyes of their constituents , and un-purged of the corruption which had been proved to exist in it . He thought that they should give some pledge to the people before they broke up , as to the course 1004 they should hereafter be disposed to pursue upon this great constitutional question ; and it was his intention to come down tomorrow , and move a short Resolution , pledging the house to take into their consideration , early in the next session of parliament , the grievances of the people , and particularly that grievance of grievances , the State of the Representation . He should take that opportunity to state explicitly what he did mean and what he did not mean , in order to put the house so completely and entirely in possession of his sentiments upon the subject , that there should be no farther room for those un-candid insinuations and calumnious imputations , which were daily thrown out against him . He certainly should not have thought of bringing forward a motion of that importance , if he had not maturely and thoroughly considered the subject , and perfectly made up his mind upon it . But he should reserve to that occasion the full explanation of his sentiments.—He concluded by giving notice , that he would to-morrow move a Resolution to the effect that he had stated . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; I feel myself imperiously called upon to defend my own consistency in still continuing my support to this bill , notwithstanding the changes it