it forward . rose , to bring under the consideration of their lordships the unpleasant situation in which sir John Craddock was now placed . Sir A. Wellesley had just been appointed to take the command of the British forces in Portugal , and that at a moment the most critical for the feelings and fame of the officer who now commanded them . Of the military talents of sir A. Wellesley , it was impossible for any man to entertain a higher opinion than he did . Neither could any man feel more admiration and esteem than he did for that gallant and distinguished officer . He still , however , could not suppress his feelings with regard to 30 the cruel situation to which sir J. Craddock must now be exposed . Every measure adopted by sir J. Craddock since his arrival in Portugal , had , he believed , received the fullest approbation of government . It was such as might be expected from an officer who had so ably conducted himself in India , in Egypt , & c. and who was distinguished by such flattering testimonials from lord Hutchinson , and the other distinguished commanders under whom he had served . As to the insinuations which had gone abroad , respecting imprudent measures on his part respecting the native troops , he took upon himself to assert , that in no one instance had sir J. Craddock acted in a manner repugnant to their feelings , or contrary to the customs of the native troops . There were documents which he might bring forward to prove these assertions , and he was certainly prepared to take every step for the vindication of the character of an honourable officer , which to him , on many accounts , was extremely dear . What was the present situation of Portugal ? By the intelligence arrived this day it appeared that Oporto was now in the hands of the French . He had also information on which he could rely , that a large hostile army was now pouring into Portugal , and that they were already on their march against Lisbon ; that such was the impression made by the idea entertained there of the numbers and strength of this hostile force , that it had been in agitation to re-embark the British troops in that country , and to leave it to its fate ; that such , however , were the exertions made by sir J. Craddock to collect the British force and so to station it as to prepare a decided resistance to the enemy , that the resolution of abandoning the country was given up . After all these efforts on the part of sir John Craddock , and at a moment when such a prospect of adding to his military fame was opened to him , could any thing be conceived more cruel to the feelings of an honourable mind , than to be removed from a command under such circumstances , and to be superseded by an officer so much his junior ? He hoped his majesty 's ministers would not impute any blame to sir J. Craddock on account of this expression of surprize and regret , which was wrung from his friendship for sir J. Craddock . If blame was to attach to any man on such an account , it was to himself alone , and his crime could only be his attachment to a friend , 31 who , in every respect , was intitled to the exertion he could make in his behalf . `` Tantum infelicem nimium dilexit amicum . '' could not help considering the observations and the questions of the noble earl as an attack upon the prerogative of the crown , and as a refutation of all notion of the responsibility of ministers . The king had the command of the army , and to say , that for certain services , he should not propose certain officers recommended to him for such services by his confidential advisers , would be to take the command of the army out of his hands