times have taught us , that it is our interest to pay direct taxes . Simplify the system ; levy a few efficient taxes : do not by means of multifarious unintelligible laws , inflict on the people constant vexation . Do not summons a whole country to know who keeps a dog ; or whether the petty farmer who curries his own horse , and plants his own cabbage , is to be surcharged with a groom , and a gardener . Take what is wanted directly from us . A less sum will then be requisite , and you may dismiss from the service a legion of tax gatherers , inspectors , assessors , and excisemen . You may then repeal also such revenue laws as are pernicious and oppressive : for instance , that affecting 365 salt . Providence in its bounty bestows on us this boon inexhaustibly : Foreigners find it their interest to export it for agricultural purposes from our ports . But as to our own use or it for that purpose , and for the use of the manufacturer , the high duties altogether preclude its application . Another , perhaps a greater source of public dissatisfaction , which the plans I have submitted to the house , may I trust , Sir , help in future to eradicate , arises from the present wasteful profusion of the public money in pensions , reversions , jointures , and other such jobs of infamy . When public services merit rewards out of the public purse , the people ought to have the reasonable gratification of bestowing them by the hands of their representatives . From them the public wousd not require a niggardly policy . The gift itself would be doubled in value by its publicity , and by its being the fair meed of brilliant and meritorious services . Different indeed must be a person 's feelings on hearing , as at present , that his name is thrust in at the bottom of a pension list , to enter which merit usually forms no part of the recommendation ; and on receiving openly , for causes assigned , and with the applause of his country , the reward of merit . I wonder not that the relatives of a truly meritorious officer ( sir John Moore ) , who lately gloriously fell in his country 's cause , declined being confounded on a pension list , with the retainers of a court ; though they might gladly and gratefully have accepted any mark of national munificence . A minister who paid due attention to the feelings of the people would never sanction , and I trust , Sir , no minister of any description , will ever again sanction the dealing out pensions of a few hundreds among the relations of the most elevated and opulent of our nobles.—To aid the brilliant illuminations of their mansions , the farthing candle of the industrious indigent cottager must , be sooner extinguished . Not , Sir , that I would insinuate that by this sort of saving ; by the cessation of abuses of this description , any considerable alleviation of the public burdens would be felt . But they indispose the public mind ; they tend to impeach all public character . Too many are already inclined to view all men who held public offices , as equally corrupt . That opinion , I fear , is becoming too general ; though none can be more fatal , or more ill founded . Public character is the strength of a country : and truly poor is that country which possesses little 366 of it.—Should it be , for instance , our misfortune at any future time , to have a monarch incapable of distinguishing between firmness and obstinacy ; who conceived it magnanimity never to yield to circumstances , would there not be an essential difference between one set of men willing to accept and to retain office , without possessing the power to judge , but bound to act as the tools of others ; and another , who would only hold