house to remember , that in estimating these losses they would take into the account the losses sustained in Portugal , in the battles of Roleia and Vimiera , as well as what resulted from the retreat of the army to Corunna , and the memorable battle at that place . The whole should be embraced in a comprehensive view , and not frittered into separate and minute particulars . could not consider the points touched upon by his noble friend , as mere matter of argument , but as questions which called for a full and explicit explanation . Could any thing be more important and urgent to ascertain , than what was the real meaning of the most important article of the recent Treaty with Spain ? That article bound this country to make no peace with France until Ferdinand VII , or his lawful successor , was restored to the throne of Spain . Why , in the first place , Ferdinand the VII. ? What was his right to the throne in preference to Charles IV. ? Or what authentic information was the house in possession of respecting that right ? Charles IV . was said to have abdicated in favour of his son ; but did we know that that abdication was a voluntary one ? Besides , if the Spanish nation had thought proper to make choice of Ferdinand in place of his father , were we to acknowledge and sanction the propriety of that choice ? It was true , Ferdinand would , in the course of things , have succeeded his father as the lawful successor ; but upon what ground did we sanction his actual possession of the supreme power while his father lived ? In this respect , the house were in possession of no accurate and official information , and therefore , the thus binding the country to persist in a war for his restoration , or that of his lawful successor , he held to be matter of the most serious consideration . Ministers had , however , in various documents described Ferdinand as prince of the Asturias ; upon what ground was it that they now considered him as the only legitimate sovereign of Spain , in whose cause we were to co-operate with the Supreme Junta of Spain ? 29 If by 'lawful successor ' was to be understood any person whom the Spanish nation might acknowledge as their sovereign , then it might apply to the present usurper ; and in that case he must join with his noble friend in considering the Treaty as wholly nugatory . On the subject of the losses sustained by the British army in the retreat from Salamanca , the house were by no means accurately informed . In its consequences , that retreat would be found to have proved extremely fatal . Such was the excessive fatigue to which it exposed both officers and men , that many of those who had escaped from Spain had died since their return . These consequences must greatly aggravate the original loss , and in order to ascertain it more accurately , he should on Monday next move for some additional accounts to that effect . made some further observations on the dates of some of the articles of the Treaty with Spain , such as the date of the last article , which purported to be of the 21st of March last . It was impossible that this article , at least , could have been ratified . It would therefore follow , that what was before the house as a Treaty , could not as vet be regularly considered as such . seemed to admit the force of the observation , but deferred any explanation respecting it to a future occasion . then observed , that in order to meet the wishes of some noble lords to whom it was inconvenient to attend on Tuesday next , he would , with the permission of the house , defer his motion respecting the late Campaign in Spain till this day se'n-night , on which day he was determined to bring