, it must be evident that the licensed distiller must have a considerable advantage over unlicensed ones , and would , if sufficiently encouraged to work , on fair terms , drive the unlicensed still out of the market . For these and other reasons he contended for it , that it was utterly useless to talk of allowing small stills to work , without taking off the bounty allowed to large ones . said , that he held the opinion of his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer in such high veneration , that he was always ready to believe whatever he said was right , would prove to be so . He had always proved himself to be a great friend to the interests and welfare of Ireland , and he would not desert him in this instance . He said that disloyalty and illicit distillery went hand in hand over the kingdom , and that till illicit distillery was put down , disloyalty would increase . The best mode to put it down was to increase the fines , and to punish all those with severity who broke the laws : in his county the exertions of the gentlemen had proved effectual , and he knew of no illicit distillery ; he had great veneration for existing esta- 688 blishments , and for that reason would not suddenly adopt so great an alteration as that proposed by the right , hon . baronet . said he was surprized to hear the hon . member say that there was no illicit distillery in the county Mayo ; he lived within a few miles of that county , and had himself assisted in seizing several illicit stills last year , and he knew the trade was now very flourishing in that quarter . If the hon . member means that there is no illicit trade near Westport , he could understand him , because there was no corn there . There were nothing there but those sort of inaccessible mountains which the hon . member talked of lately as being of such great value in the county of Cavan , for scites on which to establish illegal stills.—As to the amendment of the right hon . baronet , he should certainly vote for it , and nothing could be so clear as that it would be impracticable for any one to set up a small still in the face of these bounties . said he was a friend to the system of bounties , as he was to all long established systems ; that he disliked all speculative plans , and new fangled inventions . The large stills were productive of great revenue , and had advanced the agricultural interests of the country to their present flourishing condition ; for it was in those districts where they were established that the tillage of Ireland was most flourishing . said he could not permit this question to go to a vote without expressing his sentiments upon it . It appeared to him that the right hon . gent . was attempting to practise upon the house the greatest delusion that ever was heard of . He says that he is a friend to the system of small stills ; that it is only by establishing small stills , that the illicit trade can be put down , and in the face of these admissions , he calls upon the house to continue bounties on large stills , which give the persons who work them an advantage of 12d . per gallon over the persons who work small stills . The right hon . gent . must know when he holds out to the country a remedy for illicit trade by admitting small stills to work , he is taking effectual measures to prevent any person from attempting to work one ; and therefore , sir , his clause to admit them to be licensed is a mere delusion , and can have no practical benefit to the public . There are now several Irish distillers in London ; he had spoken to some of them on