Armistice in Portugal . He wished particularly to call the attention of the house to some political circumstances , by which it would appear , that some opinions of gen. Bernardine Freire , with respect to the Armistice concluded in Portugal , coming to this country before the dispatches of sir Hew Dalrymple , had tended to prejudice the public mind against that officer . A plain statement of the circumstances would tend to shew things in , perhaps , their proper colours . Sir Hew Dalrymple , it appears , landed in Portugal the day after the battle of Vimiera , and had proceeded , not from England , where he might obtain exact information in every point of view , but from Gibraltar , where he must necessarily have been uninformed . He had not been in the country above an hour and a half , when general Kellerman arrived with a flag of truce ; in this situation , he of course was under the necessity of being completely guided and governed by the officers whom he found on the spot ; he then , under their guidance , concluded an Armistice , with a view to negociate a Convention , and a copy of this Armistice he communicated to gen. Freire , for the purpose of ascertaining his sentiments upon it . What was the consequence of this highly political step ? Why , gen. Freire , to whom sir Hew Dalrymple had sent the Armistice , in order to profit by his judgment on it , immediately wrote off to ministers here , the most unfounded comments concerning it ! This was made public here , and tended very much to inflame the public mind against sir Hew Dalrymple . He therefore thought it now material that his own letter on the subject to lord Castlereagh should be laid before the house . Sir Hew Dalrymple had not thought proper to avail himself of these 102 papers before the Court of Inquiry , because they were of a political nature , and the court had been instituted for purposes merely military . In justice , then , to the character of that officer , he hoped these documents would be now produced , from whence he was likely to acquire some advantage . The only representation which had been made to our generals in Portugal , by the Portuguese generals upon the subject , was a letter from the bishop of Oporto to sir Arthur Wellesley ; and this communication was made some days after even the Convention had been signed . He should be one of the last men in the house to move for any papers by the production of which government might be in the least degree embarrassed ; he trusted there would be no objection on their part to comply with his present motion . He was of opinion , that the conduct of sir Hew Dalrymple had been much misunderstood , and he would ask whether it would be candid in the house to refuse him a justification . He had met a most severe censure ; a censure , too , which perhaps those who gave it did not justly estimate . The heroic spirit of our army was almost proverbial , and those who condemned our officers on slight grounds , condemnations eagerly echoed by a venal press , ought to be severely reprehended . He would appeal to the case of sir Robert Calder , who , after much service and splendid victories ; had been very hardly treated . He then moved , `` That an humble Address be presented his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , copies or extracts of a Letter from lieut.-general sir Hew Dalrymple to lord viscount Castlereagh , dated 23d Dec. 1808 ; together with such of the Enclosures therein contained as relate to any representations stated to have been made by any of the Portuguese authorities at Oporto to the Portuguese minister in London , or to lieut , general sir Arthur Wellesley , upon the subject