disadvantages with which the alteration would be attended , would not greatly outweigh the advantages to be expected from it ? There were also a certain description of patent offices granted for life , with the privilege of disposing of other offices connected therewith . These he had also omitted out of the bill , as for them too , if the sale was to be prevented , an equivalent must also be given . He did not believe the advantages to be derived from introducing these into the bill would at all equal the disadvantages attending it.—There was only one other point in the noble lord 's speech to which he felt it necessary for him to advert , namely , that no provision had been introduced into the bill 118 to prevent the trafficing for Seats in that house . This question , he presumed to think , would come more properly to be considered in another stage of the bill , and if the noble lord would bring forward his proposition in that stage , he ( Mr. Perceval ) would consider if the provision was capable of being applied effectually to prevent the abuse of which the noble lord complained . The hon . gent . who spoke last had borne testimony , not only to his belief , but also to his knowledge , of the abuses alluded to by the noble lord , declaring that the practice of these abuses was common to all administrations . As that hon . gent . had particularly referred to an administration with which he himself was connected , it was natural to suppose that he had special knowledge and information on this head , particularly so far as that administration was concerned . He ( Mr. Perceval ) however , did not recollect that the hon . gent. , when a particular charge was brought forward on this subject against that administration , had told the house all that he had the means and knowledge of observing on this subject , because , if he had , that would have been something confirmatory of the charge , and would have tended to elucidate the truth or falsity of the statement of the then Secretary of the Treasury , that what he had done , and the influence he had exerted , had been used by him , not in his official situation of Secretary to the Treasury , but in his private character of a freeholder of Hampshire . If the hon . gent . was then in possession of all this information , belief , and knowledge on the subject , why did he not appeal to the house then , as well as on any other occasion ? Why did not his patriotism then actuate him , as it did on the present moment , to divulge every thing which he knew ? To the general inquiry he should oppose himself as decidedly as he did on the former day . But let the hon . gent . only bring forward those circumstances to which he alluded , as consisting with his own knowledge ; let him do so impartially , not forgetting the practices of the administration with which he himself was connected , and with which , of course , he must be most intimately acquainted , and the house would know how to deal with them . He again declared that he was ready to receive and to attend to all the suggestions of the noble lord , as well connected with trafficing for seats in that house , as for offices . , in explanation , said , that 119 what he had stated was not as a charge against any particular administration , but a mere matter of fact . The knowledge which he spoke of by no means proceeded from any confidence which had been reposed in him by his friends . said , he was so well pleased with part of what had fallen from a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval , ) that he should say the less on that part to which he