rumour informed him were in contemplation . He had not authority for saying , but there was little doubt further assistance would be extended to the efforts of the inhabitants of the peninsula against the unjust aggression of the French emperor . With respect to the Portuguese government now on the continent of America ; he trusted their dynasty would never again return to the Tagus , and that the governments of the peninsula would never regain their American dominions , because the government of Portugal , in its present situation , might become independent of the over-ruling power of Europe , 434 and would produce solid advantage to ourselves , by increasing the trade and commerce of Great Britain . If the power of France should succeed in her present schemes of aggrandisement , the destruction of Austria , and the subjugation of the peninsula , still it would be in our power to carry on the war with her , till a satisfactory peace could be obtained . It would be highly requisite to guard our possessions in the East . That expeditions were about to be sent out was certain , and it was not regular for him to put any question to his majesty 's ministers , as to their destination ; but if it were in contemplation to give further assistance to the Spaniards , and the Portuguese , he could not , although the noble secretary might rank him with one of the most extraordinary men in the kingdom , approve of such a disposal of our blood and treasure . No man more than himself lamented the fate of the peninsula ; no man more admired the courage and exertion of every Spaniard who tried to regain the independence of his king and his country . But it would be recollected the king , for whom they fought , was now in the custody of the French emperor ; and their own power was weak , while that of their enemy was mighty and formidable . The assistance which could be granted by this country was so inconsiderable in the scale , that it could produce no ultimate good to the cause of those we assisted ; and he was apprehensive , in sending out generals and armies to that part of Europe , they would be in danger of sharing the fate of those who preceded them . The cause of Spain and of Portugal was that of an injured people , but it was that of a people comparatively weak fighting against a power of the greatest strength ; and , however we might lament the contest on their side must eventually be unsuccessful , we ought not , in these times , to send out our men and money in the cause of other nations , where all our efforts must be in vain . We ought rather to guard ourselves against the overbearing power of the continent . No doubt could exist of a disposition on the part of the ruler of France to destroy this country , and after he had accomplished his designs on the continent , and could then find means , with thousands of his army , to invade our shores , and should be successful , he would not deal with this country as he had done with others , he would lay waste every thing before him , and scarcely leave one stone 435 upon another ; because he would be well aware he could not long keep this country under his subjection . The noble duke concluded by observing , that , as an individual , he had taken this opportunity of expressing his sentiments upon the subject of our giving assistance to the cause of Spain and Portugal . had no intention of opposing the proposed Address , but he thought that on the late occasions when questions of such considerable importance had been brought under the consideration of the house , there was not sufficient elucidation given , as to the propriety of the measure . He did not concur with those sentiments expressed by the noble duke , and