measure which went so far , he must add , extremely beyond what he ( lord Grenville ) had ever had in contemplation . He requested of the house to bear in mind the opposition which the noble lord opposite , and those who acted with him , had shewn to the proposition which he had formerly submitted , and to compare that proposition with the present measure . The present , he contended , was a measure which had uniformly been discountenanced by Mr. Pitt , by his noble friend ( lord Sidmouth , ) and by the administration of which himself formed a part . The plan which he had in view would have affected part of the war taxes , at the very most only for 917 fourteen years , though , in his mind , for a far shorter period ; the present measure went to affect them permanently . It had gone abroad in the country , that he approved of the present measure , and this he wished most explicitly to deny . He esteemed the present the most destructive financial measure which could be adopted . His plan , he begged to remind their lordships , also went to provide an immediate and permanent peace establishment , whereas in the present plan no such thing was thought of . supported the bill . He maintained that it must be attended both with immediate and future advantage . It was attended with good at the moment , in as much as it prepared the people to pay the taxes with which they were at present burthened . It must be attended with advantages in future , by affording ministers an opportunity of judging of the best means of making the existing taxes most effectual . explained . He declared his opinion that the system which in the present state of affairs we should adopt , was one of husbanding our means and providing for eventual defence . We had nothing to do with sending an army to the continent . That he might not be misunderstood , he expressly stated that our government ought not to have sent an army to Spain . Such had always been his opinion . The noble lord asked , why did he not tell this sooner ? He did on the first day of the present session explain these to be his sentiments , and complain that ministers by not consulting parliament on the subject during the last session , had not afforded him an earlier opportunity of stating what his opinion was . If the inhabitants of Spain could not defend themselves , in his judgment any army we could send into the peninsula would be of no avail . All that we had a right to do was to provide them , as far as was in our power , with arms , clothes , and ammunition . He begged also to State , as a proof of the increase of our expenditure , that the single article of transports had increased from one million and a half to three millions . The earl of Liverpool , lord Sidmouth , and lord Grenville again explained ; after which , the bill was read a third time and passed . took the opportunity of taking a view of our relations with the powers on the continent , and doubted the propriety of assisting Austria with money ; he objected , at all events , to our binding ourselves to discharge the bills already drawn by that power upon us , without any authority . With respect to Spain he thought ministers should take care we had good security for any loan we might advance her ; and adopt the most effectual steps for guarding her fleets at Cadiz , and elsewhere , from falling into the hands of Buonaparté . He hoped at all events , that ministers would be able to give an account to the country of so large a vote of credit , as was now about to be trusted to their disposal . said , his duty impelled him to come forward on