gallant general 's letters afforded ample proof of the contrary . The blood that had been spilt , and the lives which had been lost , were not to be charged to ministers , as they resulted from operations which were not of their contrivance , and which , had they been of their contrivance , would not have disgraced them . He hoped he had shewn that his majesty 's ministers were not so reprehensible as they had been represented ; he contended that they had shewn no want of sound discretion , or political wisdom , and trusted that they would not lose the confidence of their lordships or of the country . rose , and said , God forbid that he should wish to pass censure on any set of men , if they had not justly deserved it ! If his majesty 's ministers plans had been overpowered by any unforseen circumstances , he would have come forward as their advocate ; but they acted without system , and ran head foremost into every thing that was wrong ; by which means every thing they undertook was defeated , and at the end they would be lost themselves ; that loss would be but trifling , compared with the lives of 35,000 men 170 they had endangered . He was of opinion that it would have been better for the service of the country , had the men who lost their lives in the late campaign been shot in St. James 's Park . The men who were sent to Spain were sent there to be massacred , without any prospect of their being able to do any good . Mr. Frere said in one of his letters , that if they had been sent out to injure the Spanish cause in every respect , with , the single exception of not filing on the Spanish troops , they could not more effectually accomplish it , than by their retreat . He was of opinion Mr. Frere alluded to the miseries entailed on that unhappy country by our sending an army thither only to retreat before a superior army , pillaging the helpless inhabitants on the way . Either general Moore must have been culpable , or those , who placed him in such a situation that he could do nothing but afflict the inhabitants , must be so . They had sent no troops when they might hare been of service ; but when the opportunity of assisting the Spaniards was lost , they had devoted a body of men , than which a finer never left this country , to be immolated in the heart of Spain . Had an efficient force been sent in time to co-operate with the Patriots , their armies would not have been dispersed , ( as they were , ) like chaff before the wind ; it would probably have given them discipline and stability , and perhaps have enabled them to defeat their invaders . Though requisitions for cavalry had been made by the Spanish government , no adequate supply had been afforded them ; no forces had been sent to their assistance , while there was an opportunity of their coping with the enemy to advantage . But when the French were reinforced , and were 113,000 strong ; when the ardour of the Spaniards , damped , by misfortune , had wholly subsided ; British soldiers had been sent to fly and to fall before the common enemy . As men he respected those in the administration , but as ministers he accused them of an improvident waste of the resources of the country ; and thought them guilty of the death of every British soldier who had fallen in Spain.—There was one circumstance which had escaped his noble friend , namely , that the greater part of the communications from sir D. Baird had been suppressed ; he knew it , he could prove it at the bar of the house , that sir D. Baird wrote to his majesty 's ministers an account of the apathy and want of spirit amongst 171 the