right hon . secretary could not expect that any one would be prevented from saying of Mr. Frere whatever he would have said if he had not had the protection of the right hon . gent . 's friendship . There were two important facts , however , ascertained by this discussion ; first , that Charmilly was the messenger to sir John Moore ; and next , that the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was still in office , in the face of a minority of 167 . Many greater men had been driven out by a less formidable minority . But while the sturdy oak was rooted up by the storm , the pliant bulrush bent its head and recovered the shock . said , that he certainly was not disposed to retire on any suggestion of the hon . gent . As to Charmilly 's being the messenger alluded to , he did not officially know any thing about the matter . said , that the majority of the house had voted that there was no reason why his noble friend should retire , and that the judgment of the house was to be regulated by its majority , and not by the minority . observed , that what had been applied to Buonaparté might , with the alteration of a word , be applied to the noble lord . Buonaparté had been called the child and champion of Jacobinism : The noble lord was the child and 266 champion of office . In order to shew how utterly unworthy of any trust or credit Charmilly was , he stated that he had refused to pay to a Mr. Devereux some money which he had lost to him at play , upon the pretence that he was a ruined man ; although as had been afterwards ascertained , he certainly had the means of paying . called the hon . general to order , on the ground that this had nothing to do with the question . said that it was difficult to know precisely , in some cases , the exact limits of order . The gallant general would use his own discretion . proceeded . It appeared that this colonel Charmilly , had been the bearer of the dispatch to sir J. Moore ; he therefore came before the house in that kind of military diplomatic character . Now when this colonel Charmilly was charged with his conduct to Mr. Devereux , what did he do ? Why , simply denied ever having played with Mr. D. at all . The business was not proceeded in , owing to the interference of a very respectable man , the Compte de Vandreuil , who represented the total ruin in which it must involve colonel Charmilly . Such was the man whom Mr. Frere chose to authorise to interfere with sir John Moore ! Mr. Whitbread and Mr. Canning mutually explained ; after which the motion was put and negatived without a division . stated , that according to an agreement entered into , in the year 1797 , it was stipulated that the proprietors of Newspapers should be allowed 12 per cent duty on stamps , provided they were restricted in the sale of their papers to the price of six-pence . They were to be allowed this discount provided the price did not rise above sixpence ; but if it did , the discount was discontinued . This agreement , at the time it was made , was just , for the expences attending the publication were commensurate to the restriction . Since that period , however , owing to the rise in paper , the additional expence of labour , and a variety of other circumstances , the present profits were not adequate to the expenditure . It surely , then , could not be just to continue an agreement which had been made under very different circumstances from those now existing . Two modes were proposed , in order to meet the present circumstances . The first 267 was , to take off the discount altogether , and allow the proprietors of papers