in some cases could not at present be had ; 2d , The circumstance that in cases of sale or bribery , no petition could at present be received after fourteen days from the meeting of parliament ; And 3dly , The want of evidence . He had prepared some clauses to remedy these defects ; but upon reflection , he thought the best plan would be to reject the bill at present , and take the subject into consideration the next session . But independent of his general objection to the measure , there were other defects in it which rendered it impossible for him to support it . There were no machinery whatever to set it in motion : it wanted a clause to regulate the seals obtained by such means as the bill was intended to prevent . Penalties were unquestionably recoverable in the courts of 996 law ; but nothing was provided with respect to the possession of the seats so obtained . A man might have the penalties recovered by action against him , and yet continue to occupy his seat in that house . The hon . gent . then proceeded to make some observations on the nature of burgage tenures , and insisted upon the propriety of extending the time for presenting petitions against this species of corruption . He proposed that any of the king 's subjects should have the right of petitioning , even although he should neither be a candidate nor elector . The bill would be nugatory without giving such right of petition . Having maturely considered all these circumstances , he had altered his mind with respect to the amendments he had intended to propose , and should not therefore press them on the house in the present instance . He thought it right , however , to state on this occasion , that , in his opinion , the time for presenting a petition ought to be extended from fifteen days to one calendar month after the discovery of the offence ; and that this right of petitioning should continue during the whole parliament . He proposed also , that to the right of petitioning should be annexed the right of costs , if the petitioner failed in substantiating his allegations . The hon . gent . concluded , by restating that he would not bring forward his amendments now , but would vote against the bill , under an understanding , however , that it would be brought forward in a more perfect shape next session . observed , that as the hon . and learned gent . had not produced his clauses to the house , it was not necessary for him to enter into the discussion of them . From what he could collect , however , from the hon . gent 's . speech , it appeared to him to involve very novel regulations as to the election law , as founded on the Grenville Act . His clauses would introduce , for the first time , into that law , litigation by the common informer ; and no member of that house could any day come down to his duty , without feeling it necessary to inquire whether any petition existed against him . The hon . and learned gent , had said , and upon the authority of an hon . and learned gent , not then in his place , that the word `` express '' was not to be found in any act of parliament . What , he would ask , would the house think upon this subject , if it should appear , notwithstanding all these learned authorities , that the word 997 `` express '' was to be found in an act of parliament , that , every day of his professional practice , came within the cognizance of the learned member alluded to . He referred to the statute of Frauds and Perjuries . In the 5th clause of the 29th of Charles II , which directed what was to give validity to a will , it was provided that the will must be signed