a citation to an Ecclesiastical court ; that is to say , a citation to ruin . And this for a church from which he receives neither temporal comfort nor spiritual consolation : for a church whose doctrines were never promulgated in Ireland , at the time of the Reformation , by the messenger of peace nor the minister of the gospel : whose dogmas and whose articles were never preached in Ireland but by the thunder of British musketry , nor ever written on the hearts of the Irish nation but by the sharpness of British swords : an establishment which never obtained in that country much more than a name , a mere outward form , a sort of sketch of existence , under the bloody banners of Elizabeth and Cromwell . And moreover , the mode of payment by tithes was not of prescriptive right in Ireland , nor even of ancient standing ; and I doubt if they were known , or levied , or ascertained by law in Ireland , previous to the Irish acts for their collection under Henry the eighth ; and though the preamble to those acts may recite a supposed claim of the clergy , yet there is no evidence of their having been , unless very partially , established in the country before that period . And from that period to the present day they have been the constant subject of grievance and resistance ; the pretence for every insurrection , the watch-word of every rebellion , the everlasting spring of every animosity to Britain . The Irish parliament was generally and 643 earnestly petitioned on the subject . This house would have been generally petitioned but for the peculiar circumstances of the country . Two pretty strong petitions have been read to the house this evening , and several counties have very strongly expressed their opinion on the subject in Resolutions and Declarations . All might have done so , but for the anxiety on the part of the government to suppress the voice of the nation . A right , hon . gentleman cries , no : and I will therefore mention one instance in which they shewed more than anxiety , if the information which I received is true , and what was rather extraordinary and unconstitutional , if I am informed right , for I do not speak from personal knowledge ; a sheriff of a southern county , at the commencement of the present administration , was , in a very unusual manner , superceded in his office , for attempting to obey the requisition of respectable freeholders to summon a county meeting upon the subject of tithes.—Sir , were the opinion of Ireland left free , and were no inclination to appear on the part of this parliament , to redeem the pledge which England gave at the Union , for as a pledge it was received by Ireland , it is not for those measures which I mentioned , in conformity to the promissory declarations of Mr. Pitt , that your table would probably be soon covered with petitions from every county and town in that kingdom , but for that measure which would indeed at once relieve you from the pledge , and relieve Ireland from her present state of anxious and sickening expectation , namely , for a repeal of the Act of Union . thought it was the most serious duty of government to attend to the evils arising out of the present system of tithes in Ireland . He was friendly to the motion of the hon . member , and to any proposition which had for its object the amelioration of the state of the Irish peasant . He feared it was too late in the session to enter with due deliberation on so important a subject ? but if it was brought forward early in the next , it should have his support . observed there was no subject that pressed more upon the feelings of the Irish people than tithes . It affected them in every way . First , it came in the shape of