season , to induce those , who now resist the power of France , to present the evil consequences that might subsequently result from their subjugation , by rendering their naval force of as little advantage to the enemy as possible , and to enter into all our views ; for it is manifest to every body , that the first thing that any statesman at the head of the councils of this country ought to look to is , to increase , as much as possible , the maritime power of England , and to destroy or diminish that of France . We must look upon ourselves as wholly independent of the continent of Europe , cultivating the commerce of all other countries in the world , and by our maritime force directing our efforts to exclude France from that enjoyment.—I have thus , from a strong sense of duty , taken this opportunity of exciting the attention of ministers , between this period and next session , to what appears to me to be the only means of ultimate safety for this country by securing what it possesses ; and increasing its power in the same proportion as that of France , as the only means of enabling this country to close successfully the contest in which we are engaged . said , that whatever shades of difference there might have been in the speeches of the hon . gentlemen , yet the general result of them all was so much in favour of the proposed resolution , that he might agree with their general matter , and be dispensed from making any further observations . He should incline to act thus , were it not that he stood liable to be challenged by the right hon . gent , who last spoke as not having attended to his call , though on many other occasions it might be said he had attended to calls of a more irregular tendency . There was hut one part of the right hon . gent . 's speech which in detail he should consider it necessary to oppose , for in fact an hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. W. Smith ) had , in what he said , dismissed the other points which the right hon . gent , had stated . The sum which on this occasion was voted was the same which was usual in war time , and upon the like occasions to grant . There could be no great jealousy in the house with respect to the sum or the method of its application . The specific mention of Austria in his majesty 's Message had not been , in fact considered as by any means necessary . If it had not been for the peculiar exigencies of that country , she would not have preceded 825 to draw for pecuniary advances in the manner she had done . There were three grounds stated for this vote of credit , any one even of which he should have thought sufficient to induce the acquiescence of the house , and to insure the accustomed confidence in the discretion of his majesty 's government , that the sum would be properly applied to any exigency that might arise . With regard to the sums for which the Austrian government had thought proper , without any authority , to draw upon this country , he could assure the house , although it was determined to pay them , that such measures had been taken by remonstrance and other means , as were calculated to guard against such a case being drawn into precedent . In the remonstrance , however , which had been made to Austria upon this occasion , care was taken that nothing should occur , which could have the complexion of harshness , for the nature of the exigency and the difficult circumstances of the communication with this country must , independently of other considerations , forbad the slightest resort to any thing of that description . From the manner in which something that escaped from him on a former occasion had been interpreted by