until three days before these orders were given to sir David Baird , that instructions were transmitted to general Broderick , directing him to concert with the Junta of Gallicia , measures for the debarkation of the army , and for enabling it to advance immediately . It has been said , that the correspondence of captain Kennedy represented that the Junta would oppose no difficulty to the landing of the troops ; but that correspondence is on the table , and your lordships will perceive by looking into it , that it relates altogether to the refusal of the Junta of Gallicia to suffer the army to land . In point of fact , though sir David Baird arrived at Corunna on the 13th of October , it was not till the 30th that permission was given for the disembarkation of his army . Now when we consider the whole of this case ; that the troops had been put in motion at so late a period ; that no means had been taken to insure their reception when they arrived ; when we consider besides the particular point at which his majesty 's ministers had chosen to act , I am persuaded that your lordships will perceive throughout the whole of their measures , a system of improvidence , imbecility , and impotence , which would be a disgrace to the government of any country , still more to that of a great empire . Situated as he was , it was impossible for sir John Moore to begin his march before the beginning or middle of the month of October ; and if the Secretary for the War Department had exercised those talents which I know him to possess , and had given himself the trouble to calculate dates or distances , he must have known , that it would not be possible for the army to form a junction on the frontiers of Leon and Gallicia before the middle of December . Did ministers suppose 139 that Buonaparté , taking example from their own inactivity and supineness , would not make any effort to retrieve those losses , which he had unexpectedly sustained in Spain ? Did they suppose , that the encampment upon the Ebro had been maintained for no other purpose than to keep up a defensive position in Spain , without any intention to make an attempt to regain the ground that had been wrested from the enemy in that country ? or did they imagine , that reinforcements would not be expedited , with all possible dispatch , to that post to which the French army had some months before been compelled to retreat ? On the contrary , would not all the examples of Buonaparté 's past conduct have shewn them , that no effort would be spared by him—that the utmost possible exertions would be made to retrieve his losses in Spain ? —This , ministers might have calculated upon as a certainty , that , before the end of the month of October , even though he might be obliged to draw the reinforcements from the Danube or the Vistula , he would have collected an army in Spain adequate to the reduction of that country . Upon this head we had not been without information from the French accounts , which had been published in all the newspapers of this country . By these accounts it appeared , that , in a Message of Buonaparté to his Senate , on the 16th of September , he declared his determination to continue the war against Spain with vigour , and to destroy those armies which the English had landed on the Peninsula . Here there was a distinct declaration of Buonaparté 's views upon Spain , previous to the orders sent out to sir John Moore to advance into Spain , or the instructions given to sir David Baird , to proceed from Falmouth to Corunna . Then followed a Report from the French minister of war , stating , `` That it was of no small advantage , that in the ensuing campaign the French armies were to