of assistance which she was able to contribute , was likely to be ; whether the very small and limited supply in her power to bestow , was likely to enable that country to resist the power of France ? and whether what would be much for England to give , might not be little for Austria to receive ? —From this view of the subject , he saw the strong necessity for economising our resources ; it was not economising merely for ourselves , but for Europe and the world at large . The period might arrive when the restoration of a new order of things would depend upon England alone ; in the prospect of which she ought to be studious of economy.—With regard to the dilemma in which they were placed respecting Spain , if his majesty 's ministers took the wrong side it would not be extraordinary ; if the right , they still might not be exempted from reproaches— ( Hear ! hear ! from the Ministerial side . ) `` I mean , said his lordship , if they choose the right side , and determine to give assistance to Spain , they may yet make such an application of the force—they may so divide , scatter and delay it , as to expose themselves to the just reproaches of the country '' ( Hear ! hear ! from the opposition . ) He agreed in the principle which the right hon . gent . had laid down ( though it was a new one for that gentleman to adopt ) that they should suffer any thing rather than compromise the honour of the country . The warning of his right hon . friend was a good one ; they should not lightly hazard an expenditure of money and of blood ; but reserve them for that great effort which they might be called upon to make , and he hoped would succeed in making , at no distant period . then moved the Address , which was negatived without a division , and the Resolutions of the Committee were agreed to . before moving an Address , in answer to his majesty 's most gracious Message , observed , that it was intended to extend the bounty of parliament to small livings , under 150l . per annum . 831 From the returns made of all the livings in the several dioceses of the kingdom , excepting four , of which the return was not yet made , there were in all about 11,700 ; out of these , 3,291 were livings under 150l . per annum ; upwards of 800 did not exceed 50l . a year ; and of those which were above 50l . and not exceeding 100l . per annum , there were upwards of 2,000 ; but it was not altogether unsatisfactory , there was so large a proportion of greater livings , and that the proportion of those under 150l . was no greater than about a third . It was highly incumbent on the legislature to do all in their power to better the situation of a class of men , who , of all others , were most serviceable to their country . For this purpose , it had been thought proper by his majesty 's government , that , agreeably to the system of an act of parliament , which created what was called Queen Ann 's Bounty , application should be made this year to the other house of parliament , for a grant of 100,000l . which might in the same manner be appropriated to the increase of these small livings . In the mean time , he wished it to be understood that this was only a temporary measure for their relief ; it preceded a system which , he trusted , in the next session of parliament , would be provided , for a more speedy and effectual increase of all these small livings . He thought , at present , there was not much necessity for saying more on the subject , and concluded by moving an humble Address