objected . He was happy to observe , that the right hon . gent . agreed with the noble lord , that the practice of trafficing for money in seats in that house was a scandalous abuse ; one which should not be allowed ; and that the right lion . Gent . would meet the inquiry and expose the practice wherever it should be seen to exist . He hoped , however , as the right hon . gent . called on others to expose the practices of other administrations , that he would not be backward in stating all that he knew of his own administration . It was impossible that the right hon . gent . could be ignorant of the abuses which existed . Every person knew that abuses did exist , and there were few who did not know , more or less , of the nature and quality of them . The public knew well , many members of the house knew well , that there were in that house persons who represented nothing but their own money ; that there were some , who were not even then free agents , but that there was occasionally such a thing as conscience in the transaction , which sometimes forced them to abandon both their seat and their money too . Why , then , he asked , should the right hon . gent . use these tauntings , when the practice was well known , even to himself , to exist ? The right hon . gent . talked of Hampshire . It was the right hon . gent . 's fortune on that occasion , which it had been during only a very small period of his life , to be in a minority . He seemed on that occasion to be impressed with a belief , which he ( Mr. W. ) had felt a great deal more frequently , that minorities were not always in the wrong . But to reconcile himself to this one misfortune , he could only recommend to the right hon . gent . to look to all the rest of his political life , and from thence he would be convinced that majorities were not always in the right . There , too , ( in the case of Hampshire ) he would find that the Secretary of the Treasury was a freeholder of the county . But that in general Secretaries of the Treasury for the time being were not only in the habit , but 120 even reduced to the necessity of carrying on such a traffic as that described , and that a public market was opened for it . If smaller evils required being corrected , why should not this flagrant and shameful abuse be guarded against ? Why not strike at the roots of the evil , and cut up a traffic of magnitude ? If the rt . hon . gent . really entertained any doubt on the subject of the purchase and sale of Seats in parliament , let him turn to his near neighbour ( lord Castlereagh ) and learn what they had done in Ireland , where one million and a half of money had been taken out of the pockets of the people , to pay for the purchase of boroughs.—It was impossible , he conceived , for the right hon . gent. , to consider these circumstances without feeling that , in one way or other , an end must be put to this system , or it would put an end to them . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) talked of the benefits likely to result from the removal which had taken place from the Stamp Office of an inferior person there , detected in improper practices . He hoped that persons of every description would be obliged to relinquish them , and that superior officers , if detected , would not be spared . He agreed that the administration of justice in this country was as pure as it could be , and that the practice of the sale