sent to the peninsula by degrees , on account of the difficulty of procuring the supplies for that species of force there . But notwithstanding this , when it was known that from 8 to 9,000 horses had been sent , and that no less than 12,000 would have been sent in all , had it not been for the information that sir David Baird was retreating , he trusted that their lordships would allow that this was the greatest effort of the kind that had ever been made by this country.—In applying these observations , the noble secretary said , that it was neither wise nor practicable to send in the first instance , more cavalry with sir Arthur Wellesley than had actually been sent . On the 22nd of August the cavalry of the British army was superior to the number which the enemy had at the beginning . It was owing to the rapidity with which sir Arthur Wellesley had advanced , that they were not present on the day of the battle of Vimiera , although he was very far indeed from conceiving that this rapidity was improper under all the circumstances . Whatever might be thought of the Armistice and Convention , the want of cavalry had no effect upon the consideration of these subjects . Whether the French ought or ought not to have been permitted to quit Portugal except as prisoners of war , was a question which he would leave to military men to determine . If more favourable terms could have been obtained , they ought , of course , to have been insisted upon . But what he wished to press upon their lordships , was , that if the operations in Portugal had been delayed for six weeks longer , the army , owing to the rainy season , would probably have been deprived of 5,000 men more than it had actually lost . The noble Secretary , before he left the question of Portugal , observed , that the only object for the government to pursue , with respect to the internal affairs of that country , was to support the power left there by the Prince Regent . The British army had entered Portugal , as allies , not as conquerors . With respect td the operations in Spain , he observed that before the government had intelligence that the campaign in Portugal 157 was likely to be so soon finished , instructions had been sent out to sir Hew Dalrymple to prepare the army for their march to Spain as soon as possible.—There was one material omission in the speech of the noble earl , which he thought it necessary to recal to their lordships attention . Whilst the noble earl had indulged in so wide a latitude of censure upon the line of conduct pursued by his majesty 's ministers in the planning of their operations in Spain , it was not a little remarkable , that that noble lord should have entirely forgotten that the line of operations marked out and prosecuted by the British government had received the sanction and approbation of the two first generals in the Spanish armies . The noble earl seemed also to have forgotten that the course of proceedings suggested by us was at the very same time concerting ; in Spain , and preparing to be carried into effect . This did not appear to him to be a proof of the absurdity or folly of the course of proceeding that , under such circumstances , had to ministers appeared eligible . After sir John Moore had come to a determination of maching into Spain through Portugal , he would ask the noble earl how , in his wisdom , he would have disposed of the forces of the country then upon the peninsula ? Having driven the French out of Portugal , an object which the Gallician Junta had pronounced to be of the last importance to the cause of Spain ; after having effected that object , he would ask , would it have been advisable to have let the army remain in inactivity ,