an exclusion , the house would be deprived of a valuable portion of talents : and he begged leave to instance the speech of one of those judges upon a late important occasion ( that of 860 Mr. Burton , in the case of the duke of York ) as one of the most lucid and eloquent ever uttered within the walls of parliament . Leave was given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions . moved the third reading of the Gas Light bill , but at the same time prayed the indulgence of the house in allowing him to propose five new clauses ; and that the house would take the debate upon the question that the bill do pass . He read the clauses in his place . saw no necessity in the present case to depart from the usual mode of proceeding ; and hoped the house would not encourage a custom which had prevailed of late ; namely , that of keeping back the principal clauses of private bills until the very last stage , and there proposing them by surprize upon the house . delared himself decidedly averse to this bill ; first , upon the general principle of granting chartered monopolies to any great body of men , to the preclusion of all competition . He would admit there might be some exceptions , in cases where great advantages to the public must manifestly arise , and where the fortunes of a few individuals must be inadequate to the accomplishment ; in the case for instance of a great aqueduct , for the supply of a city , such as the New River , or of a canal , as the West India Docks , or such great undertaking , where the public advantage was clear , and the profits within some calculation . But upon such an undertaking as the present , where , however ingenious the plan , the practicability was problematical , and no estimation produced to prove it capable of adoption to any thing like the extent proposed , he was against the sanction of parliament being given to the measure , for the purpose of procuring immense subscriptions to an undertaking , which , on the face of the plan , seemed unmanageable by any act of directors ; for it appeared that in the parish of St. James 's alone , six different establishments would be required to furnish the light , and that the expence of lighting by Gas would cost 550l . a year more than by oil . What , then , must the number of establishments be for all London , and where was the advantage to the public , supposing the plan practicable ? It might turn out ultimately a second South Sea bubble . He could not at all events , agree to autho- 861 rize the company to receive subscriptions to an amount which would enable them to monopolize oil , coal , and the oilier materials which afforded the public an alternative , in order to drive them into the adoption of this scheme , the failure of which would entail disgrace upon the nation . He concluded by moving , that the bill , instead of now , be read the third time this day three , months . The bill was also opposed by sir James Hill , Mr. Thompson , of Hull , Mr. Hall , and Mr. Babington . opposed the bill . It was not necessary , he observed , to re sort to charters to procure capital . He would not encourage these gambling projects , by which men were to be princes or beggars , in a moment . He could not avoid directing the attention of the house to the extravagant expectations that were held out in a pamphlet recommending this plan . Among other impudent impositions , it was endeavoured to be shewn , that it would produce , in the course of a short time , no less than 10,201,741l . 13s . 2d . in the way of taxes . In the same statement , the