they could be avoided consistently with the duly I owe to the case , and which I have pledged myself to perform . I find , from the evidence of Reding , that the names of a number of persons are mentioned who were to participate of the money to be obtained from the sale of the Writership . Probably the noble lord was deceived . Let him say so . I do not mean to attach to him the suspicion that he believed the Writership was to be converted into a source of pecuniary profit . [ Here lord Castlereagh indicated his contempt of such a charge . ] I am happy to perceive the noble lord indignant at the mention of the transaction in this light , but he would have done well to have shewn this indignation before the evidence had been produced . But when we recol- 213 lect that he had been president of the Board of Controul for so many years ; that lord Clancarty was a member of the same Board , and that Reding , a party to the transaction , had never excited that indignation till his refusal to discover the parties , I think those feelings of indignation have been very tardy in shewing themselves . I do not wish to be hard upon the noble lord opposite to me , but really I do think that merely reading the evidence must obtain the censure I shall move for : though I have deemed it more decorous and respectful to the house to preface my motion with the comments I have already made and have still to submit upon the transaction.—I am sorry to trespass upon the time of the house , but there are still points to which I must call its attention . The house will see in the evidence an allusion made by the noble lord to a note from Davis , respecting a Mrs. Groves , in the answer to which the noble lord expressed his desire , that Mr. Davis would detect and expose the persons who had dared to mention his name in such a transaction . Here there was an expression of disdain and indignation—but when did it happen ? At what period and under what circumstances did it take place ? In page 61 , of the evidence , a Mr. George Davis is examined , and there appears to have been , at the time he alludes to , a negotiation set on foot for the procuring of a writership , which did not take effect ; but there was some correspondence upon the subject , and the noble lord 's name was mentioned . Mr. Davis is asked , 'From what reason do you sup'pose the negotiation broke off ? He answers thus : 'This reason was explained 'by Mrs. Grove ; that at that moment 'there was a change in administration , 'and that it was a Board of Controul ap pointment . I recollect Mr. Reding , or 'Reading , afterwards informed me , that 'there was no court subsequent to that mo ment , during the then administration , by 'which a nomination could properly take 'place.—Who was at the head of the 'Board of Controul at that time ? I do not 'know.—Did she not mention by whom it 'was to be given to your friend ? A noble 'viscount was mentioned to me.—Was 'not lord Castlereagh the person mention ed ? He was.—Was lord Castlereagh the 'person to whom you wrote , communicat ing these circumstances ? He was.—How 'long ago was that transaction ? It was in 'the beginning of 1806 ; it was at the mo ment of the change of administration that 214 'she applied for it . When I wrote to his 'lordship , he requested me to call upon 'him at his office in Downing-street , and I 'did on that day.—Did you see him ? No , 'he was at the council ; and I received a 'note the next day , acknowledging the re'ceipt of it , and requesting that I would 'explain every thing , so that