the ignorance of their medical men . But this was not the only ground of complaint which 801 he meant to refer to the consideration of the house . The charge for medicine was enormously dear . He instanced the article of bark , which was charged at no less than 100 per cent . beyond the prime cost ; upon this article alone he observed that the sum of 15,000l . was laid out . To prove this exorbitant charge he was ready to produce the most satisfactory evidence at the bar both documentary and oral . As a principal witness to substantiate his statements , the hon . gent . mentioned the name of Dr. Chisholm.—With the two facts he had stated , he did not think the motion which he was about to submit could be consistently opposed with a view to the necessary inquiry . He understood , indeed , that no opposition would be attempted , and therefore , without further preface , he moved , `` That a Return of the whole of the Medical Department should be laid before the house , namely , the physicians , surgeons , inspectors and deputy inspectors , apothecaries , & c. distinguishing the period of the appointment of each , the situation from which removed to such appointment , together with the length of service . '' would not object to the motion , but could not help expressing a wish that the subject had been rather referred for inquiry to the board of officers , which being constituted by parliament , had the power of obtaining the fullest and most satisfactory information applicable to a case of this nature . was surprized at the unqualified assertion , that upon the article of bark alone , the sum of 15,000l . had been lost to the country ( No , no , no ! from the Opposition Bench ) . Having had occasion to inquire into the subject of the medical supply to the army , he was enabled to state , that the medicine for that department was furnished at a rate of seven or eight per cent . less than that of the navy . If , however , there was any real ground for complaint , he thought it would be better to refer the case to the Commission of Military Inquiry , which having the power to administer oaths , was competent more satisfactorily to investigate the business than any committee of that house , which had no such power . repeated his assertion with respect to the charge for bark , correcting , however , the misconception of the right hon . gent . ; as he only staled 15,000l . as the amount of the supply . With regard to the Commission alluded to , he would 802 frankly state that he had no faith in Commissions of that nature , and therefore he wished to bring this business before the house . And as to that , Commission he had no hesitation in saying , that it would not do its duty if it did not produce to the country a saving of 100,000l . a year in the department to which his motion referred . would not hesitate to state , that if the hon . gent . was in possession of information that 100,000l . a year could be saved to the country , and if it was his object , as no doubt it was , to conduce to the public benefit , it was his duty to furnish such information to the Commission alluded to . That Commission , it was to be remembered , had the power of administering oaths , and was therefore best enabled to act upon the hon . gents information . It therefore struck him as desirable that the case should be referred , in the first instance , to the Commission , and should the result of its inquiry not prove satisfactory , the hon . gent . would not be precluded from again bringing it before that house . , after a few prefatory remarks , with regard