his option afterwards to consult his own convenience . With this prospective view I move , `` That this house should early in the next session of parliament take into consideration the expediency of discontinuing from and after the 5th day of April next 1810 , so much of the clause of 40 Geo . III . as provides an exemption for the duties on the annuities , dividends , and shares , & c. & c. '' contended , that the saving of the comparatively trifling sum of 60,000l . a year should not be put in competition with the character which this country had always maintained for honour and good faith , and which enabled it to draw its resources even from those nations with which it might be at war . maintained that the taxing of the funded property of foreigners , was perfectly consistent with justice and policy . The only point upon which there could be a doubt was , whether the funds ought to have been taxed at all ; but this having been determined in the affirmative , there was no reason why foreigners should not be placed on a footing with the subjects of this country . thought , that as the property of these foreigners was protected , as well as our own , at an immense expence of blood and treasure , it was but fair that they should bear a share of the burden . There were a number of foreigners who got their living in this country ; and some who were even said to make their 6,000l . a year by warbling and pleasing people 's ears : in God 's name let them have it , if people chose to give it them ; but when we were compared to a ship in distress , and not knowing where to look for new taxes , he thought we should make them pay something for the protection of their property . considered that imposing this tax would be a breach of public faith , and that even taxing those who should hereafter purchase in our funds would be impolitic and unwise . He could only consider foreigners as liable to personal taxation . felt himself bound to oppose the motion . Such a Resolution as was now moved , to undertake a future consideration of the subject , would not be binding on the house , or a sufficient warning to the stockholder , and therefore he could see no necessity for now entertaining it . Whenever this question came to be discussed , it would not be on the point of conveniency to the revenue , but of justice . When the subject was formerly agitated , the difficulty that occurred to him was , what distinction ought to be drawn between the British subject and the foreigner , and he could not see why the latter ought to be exempted from bearing a part of the public burden with the former . The pledge of parliament had been misunderstood . It was that the funded property , which was most easily come at , should not be made the prominent object of taxation , and not but when it was taxed in general with every other species of property in the country , he could see no ground for imposing it altogether on British subjects . He would not however enter into the discussion of the subject now . At this late period of the session , when it was said the house ought not to be called on for a decision , he thought it equally inconsistent to call on them for a pledge , which was to bind them next session . It was therefore the impropriety of the time , which called on him to oppose the motion . said this question had frequently been agitated , and always decided in favour of the foreigner . The foreigner would think , if we made him pay the income tax now , we only spared him formerly , because , when property was only taxed at the rate of five per cent .