under the peculiar circumstances of the case , the hon . baronet might not deny that this was properly the House of Commons , since , by the openly avowed and defended corruptions , the house itself appeared to have disclaimed that title , said , that it was his duty to call any Member to order who affirmed that this was not the House of Commons ; and he would do so as long the house supported him ( Hear , hear ! ) . then observed , that he was perfectly aware of the impartiality of the Speaker 's conduct on this as well as on other occasions ; but he would recollect , that until the 12th of this month of May , the claim of the house to be called the House of Commons was founded on its assumed purity . He admitted , however , the necessity of some rules to guide the proceedings ; and the Speaker , no doubt , spoke from the remembrance of former periods . But , then , he must allow that he ( sir F. Burdett , ) spoke in a situation and under circumstances entirely new.—The hon . baronet then resumed his argument , and said , that the hon . gentleman ( Mr. G. Johnstone ) had boasted of the purity of the present Assembly , by comparing it with what the House of Commons was during the existence of the South Sea scheme . But the hon . gentleman had forgotten to state , that the members who had been detected in that instance were expelled the house , and punished in various ways ; and that the commons then had purged off the baser matter . ( Hear ! hear ! ) Now , however , they seemed to want the instinct of brutes . Wolves would not allow certain animals to herd with them , and yet they could sit there and associate with ministers and others who had practised corruption , and had even the effrontery to acknowledge it . In order to prove the purity and dignity of the house 728 in the present times , the hon . gentleman had alluded to the casts of lord Melville and the Duke of York . In the former case , it was only by the casting vote of the Speaker that the dignity of the house was at all supported ; but the hon gent . would recollect that those who endeavoured to save lord Melville , even from censure , voted for his Impeachment , in order to rescue him from the equal justice of a jury . ( Hear ! hear ! ) As to the case of the Duke of York , he was at a loss to conceive how that could be turned into a proof of the purity of the house , which had cleared his royal highness , while even the ministers , in deference to the opinion of the people , whom an hon . gentleman near him ( Mr. D. Giddy ) had declared to be incapable of judging of these matters , had advised the resignation of the Duke of York . This they had done out of respect to that opinion , which the house had disregarded . But suppose , as that hon . gent , had said , that the house had been corrupt from the time of the Revolution , were we to justify crime by crime ? Many persons in that house had said , that the system would lead to arbitrary power ; but he believed it could scarcely have been in the contemplation of any one that a. minister would ever have dared to avow what was now openly defended . The hon . gent . who had just sat down , had made such contradictory statements , that it was difficult to follow him . He said that political power ought not to be separated from property . Why , that was thy very ground on which they stood . Their object was , that they who had no property should not have political power