to his friends upon the subject.—The conduct of this gallant officer was , indeed , throughout that unfortunate campaign , which terminated in his glorious death , calculated in an eminent degree to excite the interest of every generous and just mind . His arrangements at Corunna , both as to the contrivance and the execution , were honourable to his character and worthy of the highest eulogiums of fame.—There are other points connected with this question , which I must leave to be discussed by others ; having , I fear , trespassed too far upon the attention of the house , and feeling much exhausted myself . I could dwell upon the want of information and foresight which ministers betrayed , upon the inadequacy of their supplies to the army in every respect , and particularly in cavalry , of which they sent but 2,000 altogether , to a country , too , where that description of force was peculiarly necessary . This deficiency could not proceed from , the limited number of 149 our cavalry . For we had now no less than 27 , OOO of that body , and it would be remembered that in the years 1793 and 4 , when we had only 14,000 , we had 7 or 8,000 then upon the continent . I could also animadvert upon the circumstance of leaving both sir David Baird and sir John Moore in want of money ; upon the inattention of the admiralty in sending no instructions to admiral Cotton from April to the dale of the Convention ; the improvidence manifested with respect to the security of the fleet at Ferrol ; but , above all , I could call the particular attention of your lordships to the consequence of this unfortunate campaign ; to the loss of 7 or 8,000 men , without any advantage to Spain or to this country ; to the loss of horses , stores , and money sent to Spain , & c. & c , to the amount of no less than eight millions . With this review of the conduct of ministers ; of those who produced such a calamitous result , how is it possible to attend to the cant of modern patriotism , that it is of no consequence by whom the administration of our government and resources is conducted ? As well might it be maintained , that it would answer as well to have an army directed by a commander whose folly and inexperiences was proverbial , as by a Marlborough . How can it seriously be urged , that it is the same tiling whether the government be entrusted to incapable persons or to able statesmen ? I am really astonished at the absurd extravagance of the doctrine , into which men of general good sense and good intention have been recently betrayed upon this subject . To the principles of reform ; to a temperate , intelligible , and definite reform ; I have been always , and still continue , a friend To promote that desirable object was , I contend , the study of the last administration ; and , I can answer for it , that no man is more friendly to such an object than my noble friend near me ( lord Grenville ) . It was , in our endeavours to attain that end , we incurred the reproaches of those-who covered their censure under the specious phrases of a `` sordid economy and want of vigour . `` —The noble lord concluded with an animated appeal to the house , exhorting their lordships by their regard for themselves and their posterity , by their consideration for the wasted blood of their countrymen , for the dilapidated resources of their country , for their national character , for the interests of the Spanish cause , and for the ruined pro- 150 spects of Europe , to acquiesce in a motion , which had for its objects , to call to an account the men , to whose mal-administration such numerous and severe calamities were attributable.—The noble lord then read the following Address ,