read the entry , dated the 13th of Feb. 1700 , in which it was stated , that Samuel and Francis Shepherd , esqrs . members of that house , were ordered to attend in their places , on charges of corrupt practices respecting seats in parliament ; also the entry dated Feb. 15 , 1700 , specifying , that corruption 381 had been practised on the electors of Newport , in the Isle of Wight , Malmsbury , Wootton Basset , and other places ; also the entry of March 18th , 1700 , stating , that Messrs. Shepherds had been heard in their places , and by their counsel at the bar ; finding the charges proved , and ordering that Samuel Shepherd , senior , be committed to the Tower , and his agent to Newgate . ] He wished to call the attention of the house to the form of the proceeding on that occasion . It appeared first , that information of the corrupt practices was laid before the house ; next , that the two Shepherds were heard in their places ; and thirdly , that they were headed by their counsel at the bar . The Charges he had to bring forward were against two of his majesty 's ministers ; one against the right hon . Spencer Perceval , for having , through the agency of the hon . Henry Wellesley , late Secretary to the Treasury , and late a member of this house , and also by other agents , been guilty of corrupt and criminal practices , in order to procure members to be elected into this parliament : The other was against the right hon . lord viscount Castlereagh , a member of this house , for similar practices . He would take up the time of the house no longer , but move that these Charges be heard at the bar of the house , on Tuesday next . ( rising under evident agitation ) said , that he knew not what course was pursued in 1700 , the æra of the hon . member 's precedents ; but through the whole of his acquaintance with the proceedings of that house , he never knew any instance when an accusation was brought forward against a member , that the substance of such accusation was not previously communicated to him ; and that , through the common courtesy of the house , he was not allowed to be heard in his defence . The hon . member , however , was the best judge of the course he meant to pursue . Under these circumstances , nothing remained for him but to make his bow , and leave the question to the decision of the house . [ The right hon . member immediately left the house ] . said , that the form of proceeding proposed by the hon . member was one of the strangest he ever heard . The house would pause before it came to so extraordinary a resolution . Whether 382 the persons accused stood there as his majesty 's ministers , or whether they were the lowest members of society , they were entitled , before they were called on for their defence , to be acquainted with the nature , at least , of the crime with which they were charged . What information , he would ask , had the hon . member given , to call upon the house to adopt so solemn a proceeding , as a hearing at their bar ? What charges had he specified against Mr. Spencer Perceval or lord Castlereagh ? Would any court , which deserved to be called a court , conduct itself upon such principles ? Was it ever heard , that a person was to be set down as one under accusation , without the slightest information having been laid before the house ? The hon . member told them , that he was informed a member of that house had stated in a former debate some instances of corrupt practices within his knowledge ; and upon these grounds he