propose to extend the franchise to all great towns , who from a change of circumstances had risen into commercial opulence , and to admit copyholders and certain leaseholders to a share in the representation ? and did they not in imparting the franchise to new voters , resort to that truly constitutional , wholesome , and safe principle , so ably maintained by his hon . friend , namely , to vest the right of voting in the resident householder ? The simplicity and safety of this qualification solves all the difficulties which can offer themselves to fair and unprejudiced minds , and while it admits to their due share in legislation , those classes , which bear the principal burthens of the state , it gives every requisite efficiency to the great dictum of the constitution , that `` No man shall be taxed without his own consent . '' Mr. Madocks said , he would take the liberty of here reading an admirable passage from a work on this subject , particularly applicable to the point in question . `` The species of property which constitutes this qualification has the advantage of being open , ostensible , and incapable of being disputed . It indicates a real residence , and implies a stationary interest in the place for which the vote is given and the representative chosen . But besides the possession of a competent property , of which the occupation of a house paying taxes is a sufficient presumption , a householder has other qualities which ought to recommend him to a favourable distinction , and particularly to the trust in question . He is necessarily the master , and probably the father of a family . In the first character he has a personal credit and respect to maintain : in the second he has given hostages to society . He is the natural guardian and virtual representative , not only of his family and servants , but of all those 1061 who depend upon him for support , protection , or employment . Such a station deserves confidence , and should be made respectable , that all men may be prompted and encouraged to rise to it . The relations and duties that belong to it are antecedent to positive institutions , and constitute at once the basis and security of civil society ! '' Upon this important point of the plan , as indeed upon most other topics of any weight , the right honourable gentleman had cautiously avoided any attempt at an answer . With respect to property , which a right hon . gent . below , and many others on former occasions , had so strongly insisted on as the true basis of representation , undoubtedly he ( Mr. Madocks ) admitted , or rather was as anxious as any man to assert , that property was the only true and legitimate basis of representation , and it was because that property was not the basis of representation at present , that he wished the present system to be altered . What right had Old Sarum , Midhurst , Gatton , & c. to send representatives to parliament upon that principle ? And how monstrous that the few private fortunes that possessed them , can send three times as many voles to tax the people , as all the landed property of Yorkshire ( Hear ! hear ! ) . He wished distinctly to state , that nothing in his opinion was so absurd , as the notion of universal suffrage ; an idea he believed universally exploded , unless indeed be found it in full practice at Old Sarum , and some other places , where the right of voting resided in an old wall , or 25 stones in a field.—That indeed appeared to him to be universal suffrage with a vengeance ! ( Hear ! hear ! ) What can be so ridiculous , in what a curious predicament do those persons stand , who would deny a copy holder or a leaseholder of 1,000l . a year , a vote for a representative in parliament ,