merely to further their operation , and extend their principle . The sale or purchase of seats has not indeed been directly forbidden , or even pronounced illegal ; but I am persuaded , Sir , that this is because the question has never yet happened to be directly brought , either under parliamentary , or judicial cognizance.—Notwithstanding the precedents which seem , to apply so strongly to my plans ; still , Sir , I might have hesitated in proposing them , had not I found myself fortified by an authority to which every Englishman looks with veneration . During the present reign , the selection of persons clad in the ermine of justice , has certainly done 359 honour to his majesty 's government . Both in point of talents and unimpeached integrity , our judges have been most eminent : and in no country , and at no time , has the administration of justice been more unblemished . From this body I draw my authority : I have , Sir , the direct sanction of sir W. Blackstone himself , * for the extension to the elected of the oath against bribery . Under such authority as his , I feel confidence in adopting this as a leading feature in the proposed measures of reformation.—Another measure , Sir , I shall bag leave to propose , will be to impose penalties on the sale , or contracting to sell a seat in this house : and next , to extend the bribery laws to agents or other persons attempting to corrupt electors during the whole period of parliament ; to preclude their receiving a corrupt consideration for their votes , at any period , as well subsequent , as preceding the election . To revert , Sir , to the first , in order , of the measures about to be submitted to the house , if the legislature has seen the necessity of guarding the purity of election by an oath administered to the elector , how much more strongly will every argument apply to the representative . To him , are entrusted the lives and properties of the people ; on his faithful execution of that , trust depends the preservation of all that man holds dear . The moral sanction of an oath by him being better understood , would be better observed , and in fact , considering the class of men from which this house is usually composed , I do not harbour the least suspicion , but that this measure will attain completely its object . When the question , Mr. Speaker , is brought directly before the house , whether or not they will require from their own members , an oath similar to that already imposed on their constituents , if that question be decided in the negative , in common fair dealing let them also exempt the great body of electors . Such a proposal would , I fancy , find few supporters.—But , Sir , the house has already agreed to the expedience of requiring from its members certain oaths . The principle is neither new , nor can be construed to imply any disrespect towards any of our number . To the immortal honour of the wise and * '' It might not be amiss if the members elected were bound to take the latter oath ( viz . against Bribery and Corruption , ) as well as the former ; i. e. the Oath of Abjuration . '' 1st Bl . Com . p. ISO . 360 virtuous statesman to whom this house and this country owes the obligation , and by whose respectable name the act will ever be distinguished , ( Mr. Grenville , ) the tribunals for the adjudication of contested election , acting under the solemnity of an oath , have been found to execute their important trust with unsullied integrity . From tradition and from history we know what the evils were , which required this very remedy . It has been tried : it has been found effectual . No voice is heard ; no sentiment is felt