to take the subject into ample consideration this session . allowed , that some adjustment was necessary ; but the fairest way , till the law could be settled , was to allow it to remain as it was . By the suspension , a violation of the Act of Union immediately took place , and therefore suspension should not be allowed , till the real spirit could be ascertained . If the advantage was now in favour of Ireland , they were entitled to it ; but as Scotland was concerned , Ireland must give way . He concluded by saying , that he would vote against the suspension . said , that in two cases where questions upon the Act of Union had been brought before the house , they had been carried against Ireland , as it were , by acclamation , and he hoped the third would not share the same fate . By the Act of Union , the Irish distiller had a right to come to market , by paying the countervailing duty , and if this measure were carried , it would be putting the question at rest for a twelvemonth , with a vengeance . Why they should be deprived of this right he knew not ; unless because it had been determined to be against the English market . As he had argued the subject , he would not detain the house by further observations , but wished to know from a right hon . gent . opposite , why he could not apply a remedy to the Scotch trade , without adopting this measure ? regretted the difficulties arising out of the measure , but said it was impossible it could be construed as a violation of the Act of Union . The English and Irish revenue were both concerned in the decision of the question , and as he could throw no new light upon the subject , it having been already so fully discussed , he would content himself by declaring in favour of the bill . called the attention of the 897 house to the state of the East India Private Trade , and contended that private merchants were very hardly treated by the directors of the company , who made these individuals keep pace with the prodigality with which the trade of the company was carried on . He further contended , that the directors had not fulfilled certain engagements which they had come under , to give facility to the private trade . To prove this , he moved for several papers of various dates , from 1797 , to the present time , consisting of Calcutta gazettes ; memorials to the directors ; letters of marquis Wellesley ; lord Melville , & c. & c. affirmed , that every attention had been paid by the directors to the interest of the private merchant that was consistent with the privileges of the company . But the truth was , that nothing could satisfy these gentlemen short of having the trade thrown completely open . He had no objection to the production of the papers . observed , that the mercantile transactions of the company would come to be considered when the East India committee , to which these papers had been referred , presented its Report . But he thought the hon . gent . who introduced the subject might have said something as to the political evils connected with India , such as the seizing of kingdoms , & c. In his opinion it was preposterous , after the conduct of marquis Wellesley had been so pointedly condemned by the directors , that no measures had been taken to prevent future governments from following a similar course . said that the house had decided on the conduct of lord Wellesley . thought the papers ought not to be granted . moved for a return of the troops employed in the late expedition to Martinique , distinguishing the black troops from the Europeans , The object was to call the attention of the house to a Proclamation issued previous to the attack upon Martinique .