line and point-blank aim of the statute , and having nothing to protect 1039 them , but that which ought in justice and decency to be the strongest reason against them , namely that they were the mere sports of the rich ? Was it to be endured or believed , that a legislature setting about the great and original work of enacting laws to prevent the sufferings of the brute creation , should still reserve to themselves , and that too by a most invidious and oppressive code , the privilege of killing animals by a cruel and lingering death , in mere sport and wantonness ? The reason assigned for this extraordinary omission , by the author of the bill , might be suspected as having been intended in mere mockery . It was said that being fera natures ( a learned distinction , but never before , surely , applied to such a purpose ) they were not entitled to the protection of man ? But why , because they did not ask his protection , were they to be liable in consequence to be persecuted and tormented by him ? On the contrary , if he did nothing for their good , he ought the rather to be required to do nothing for their harm . They would perish , it was said , if left to themselves , often by a cruel death . But what was the animal , man not excepted , that was not liable so to perish ? If this argument was good for any thing , it might justify , in pure kindness , our killing one another . Another danger was , that they would become so numerous as to overrun the earth . But this danger , formidable as it might be in respect to other animals , certainly did not apply to one great class , with which notwithstanding we made pretty free , namely the fishes . After all , when humanity was the question , what connection was there between the necessity of destroying those animals and the right which we claimed of being ourselves the destroyers ? It was very disinterested , no doubt , in all the higher orders of people to offer themselves gratuitously as vermin killers to the rest of the community ; but it was an odd choice for them , as men of humanity ; particularly as it was found , that these vermin were encouraged and protected for the sake of being afterwards killed , and certainly by a mode of destruction in many instances , not capable of being exceeded in cruelty by any to which they could naturally be liable . Even in the case of sheep and oxen , which must , it is admitted , be killed , and might be killed possibly by a gentleman with as little pain as by the butcher , we should think it an odd taste in any one ; to be desirous literally to kill his own mutton , 1040 and to beg of his butcher that he might be allowed on the next slaughter day to take his place . It was in vain therefore by such wretched evasions and subterfuges to attempt to disguise the fact , that if with such a preamble on our statutes , and with acts passed in consequence to punish the lower classes for any cruelty inflicted upon animals , we continued to practise and to reserve in great measure to ourselves the sports of hunting , shooting , and fishing , we must exhibit ourselves as the most hardened and unblushing hypocrites that ever shocked the feelings of mankind . He did not know any thing , that could so justly call for a measure , which he had always been anion u the first to resist , a parliamentary reform . Strongly as he had always declared against such a measure , as wholly uncalled for by any thing in the practice of parliament as now constituted , he must fairly confess , that if it should appear in any instance that so scandalous a distinction could be