parliament had lost the confidence of the public , at least of the thinking part of the public ; and he did not allow that the corruptions alluded to by his hon . friend existed , at any rate not in the sense in which his hon . friend said they did . He had risen only to protest against the harangue of his hon . friend , and to lay in his claim to an unfettered exercise of his judgment upon the merits of his bill . thought , that when the house had agreed to the second reading , it sanctioned the principle of the bill ; and that they had a right to know from his right hon . friends , whether they thought the abuses proposed to be remedied by this bill were such as ought to be corrected . He considered the house as placed in a situation in which it had never been before . It was new to parliament to have the practices proposed to be corrected by this bill admitted within that house . This bill was not to interfere with the sale of property ; neither would it touch , in the remotest degree , the question respecting a reform in the representation in that house . It was intended to correct an evil acknowledged to exist , and upon which the house had a right to expect an opinion from his majesty 's ministers . As to the first objection of his right hon . friend , it might be got over by leaving out a few words . The other objections also , he was of opinion , might be got rid of in the committee . was of opinion that parliament had not lost the confidence of the public ; and if it had , this bill was not calculated to retrieve it , for it had not met with the approbation of the Solon and Lycurgus of the Crown and Anchor . , in explanation , stated , that he had not been present at the meeting at the Crown and Anchor . did not think it necessary to argue with the right hon . gent , whether the house had or had not lost the confidence of the country . The right hon . gent , had not lately been found in attendance on the debates of the house , and probably from that circumstance , and 620 from his having spent more of his time , among the public , he esteemed himself better qualified to speak as to the degree of confidence the public reposed in that house . The light hon . gent . probably knew that the house , by the votes they had lately come to , had procured universal approbation and applause , and stood higher than it had ever done at any former period in the public estimation . His lordship doubted not the right hon . gent . had found all this to be the case , during the time he had been absent from the house . He ( lord Folkestone ) however would tell him what had passed here during the interval of his absence . A question had been brought forward , charging some of his majesty 's ministers with bargaining for and selling Seats in that house ; and so far from being denied , the offence was endeavoured to be palliated and extenuated . Farther , various , members professed their belief of the existence of a train of abuses of the kind , and the investigation into them was not gone into , because it was even held out that all the public men in the house would be found to have been implicated . If the right hon . gent . had beard these things , and moreover had been informed , that they were as clear and notorious as the sun at noon day , the noble lord left it to him to say , if the present bill was the effect of popular clamour . should object to this measure if it were intended to stop here , and