approbation . rather wished to suppose that the gentlemen on the other side were unaware of the very exceptionable character of the whole of this transaction . The hon . baronet to whom the merit was due of bringing it before the house , was unfortunately unable , from indisposition , to attend since its original 109 introduction . But he could say for him , that he was not inattentive to the investigation of every thing connected with the subject . As to the prohibition of persons from seeing the premisses alluded to , the hon . baronet slated that he heard such an order of prohibition had proceeded from the present Commander in Chief , adding , that he believed his information was correct . The motive for such an order was suspicious , and that motive must be glaring to every man who considered the subject . It was stated on the part of ministers , that the scite upon which colonel Gordon 's house was to be erected had been altered . But that was not enough ; the whole of the ground ought to be appropriated to the accommodation of the Hospital . For that purpose it was avowedly purchased from lord Yarborough . Indeed he was informed that , upon such an understanding , lord Yarborough was induced the more easily to dispose of his interest in the lease . If this were true , he must observe that an additional degree of blame attached to the whole transaction . It would be , however , for the gentlemen on the other side to explain this point . declared , that he had read the whole of the correspondence with lord Yarborough upon this purchase , and that no such consideration as that alluded to by the hon . baronet had the slightest influence . The only object being , on the part of the noble lord , to obtain the highest price for the ground . Before , indeed , it was proposed to dispose of it to government , a proposition was made to sell it for the purposes of a wharf , but according to the opinion of Mr. Copland , such a disposition of it could not be made . That proposition therefore was abandoned . But with regard to the manner in which the ground was now to be disposed of he was enabled to say , that no person whatever connected with the Hospital objected to the place in which it was proposed to build colonel Cordon 's house ; no one pretending to say that this ground was necessary to be appropriated in any manner to the accommodation of the Hospital ; that the free circulation of air to the Infirmary , or the proper ornament of the Hospital , was likely to be interfered with by the proposed structure . The propriety , indeed , of guarding against any such interference , had , in consequence of some intimation from another quarter , occupied the consideration of the Treasury before the hon . baronet had made his motion upon the 110 subject . It was in consequence of that intimation , and his having viewed the premisses on Saturday , that he had thought it necessary to have the references made , the reports upon which he now proposed to have laid before the house . wished to know why these premisses were not applied altogether to the accommodation of Chelsea Hospital , and to the Infirmary in particular ; and also , why the gentlemen of that house , who were to judge of the propriety of their application , were prevented from seeing them ? observed , that the premisses had been purchased in order that what was necessary might be appropriated to the use of the Hospital . The hon . baronet , when he stated , that the order for excluding persons from the ground proceeded from the Commander in Chief , appeared to him to proceed upon supposition , having heard the order disclaimed on the part of the Treasury and the Pay Office . If he could venture , without