the proctor to the door of the poor man 's hovel , backed by an indefinite demand , and followed by a law-suit and a charge for agency.—The proctor was odious 644 to the Irish peasant . He was the greatest little oppressor that ever roused the indignation of a people . He was a character , who , having no connexion with religion , yet in Ireland seemed identified with it.—Indeed , with the powers that the present system of tithe-collection gave him , he must always be an oppressor . He was also a dishonest man . He not only oppressed the poor peasant , but he cheated the parson . He was also the cause of the odium incurred by the clergy . The right hon . member avowed himself a friend to commutation for tithes . In establishing that , he was for ail care being taken that the clergy should not suffer by the depreciation of the value of tithes . He thought that the plan he once had the honour to propose to the Irish parliament very practicable , and that much of the disturbances that afterwards prevailed in that country might have been avoided by its adoption . As the system now stood , it operated with peculiar hardship upon by far the greater portion of the population of Ireland . It was a hardship upon the catholic to pay two churches—one which he paid from choice , and another from necessity ; from the latter of which , as it was well expressed by his hon . friend ( Mr. Tighe ) he received neither spiritual consolation nor political protection . He was convinced the poor in Ireland would derive great advantage from a commutation . The question itself was to be debated on two grounds , both as respecting the measure itself proposed , and as leading to a system of commutation . To the latter he professed he had been always friendly ; he was always friendly to the church establishment , yet he could not but think that the nature of tithes served only to render the clergy disrespected . He would not diminish their income , although he considered it abundantly ample ; but he would not have it remain uncertain . He allowed there was difficulty in applying a remedy to the evil , but he would not allow it was impossible . If gentlemen will not enquire , they can not expect to be informed ; and the only way he knew of to acquire information , was to go into a committee , and therein to learn the state of the Irish church . If the right hon . gent . had good grounds for the change in his sentiments , he thought he was equally well founded in adhering to his . It was idle and ridiculous to talk of inquiring into the real value of tithes , for if they did so , they would equally inquire into their application , and the purposes for 645 which they were originally granted ; and , in that event , he apprehended the clergy-would be found to be no great gainers by this inquiry ; the true object of inquiry would be , what was a fit and proper support for the clergy ? and upon that inquiry he was sure they would not be left less rich ; and he did not wish they should be more so.—A great hardship in tithes was , that they were not merely a tithe upon the produce of the land , but also , of necessity , upon the labour in the attainment of that produce . The uncertainty of that produce was likewise the foundation of disputes every year , unless they did that by agreement which should be done by act of parliament . He had himself at two different periods , proposed what he considered a remedy for the evil , and he thought either of them was preferable to the present system ; in like manner he considered the present Bill , as proposed , at least feasible . At the period of