go into a Committee on the bill on Thursday next . said , he would allow the bill to go to a committee if it were likely to answer the object . The officers under the survey system had been guilty of great fraud , and he had complained of one who was subsequently promoted ; the present bill went to the indemnification of all officers who had been guilty of collusive seizures , and he could not think the bill likely to go to a committee ; it was incapable of emendation , and he wished it to be rejected altogether . said he had heard no objection but what could be answered in the Committee , and would therefore vote for its committal . would wish the bill to go 581 forward , if it were likely to have any good effect , but the principle of the bill was bad , it went to punish the innocent for the guilty . If a still were found in a parish , the landlords and the inhabitants were to pay the fine ; it went to cover the acts of the officers , to afford those indemnity who , it was known , had received three fines upon one still : first they got a fine of 50l . then returned it , and again received 50l . ; and thus till they obtained 150l . A Bill which could encourage such practices , such an odious Bill—ought to be scouted out of the house . said , where private distilleries were put down , loyalty increased , and he knew it was in the power of the gentry to do so . If the Chancellor of the Exchequer gave up his penal clause , it would give life to illicit distillery and disloyalty . thought the bill should be allowed to go to a Committee , in which the fines and the drawback allowed to large distilleries might be so regulated as to prevent their being injurious to the smaller ones . was glad to hear the hon . gent . argue as he did , but thought , if he acted on his theory , he would vote against the Chancellor of the Exchequer . From the sentiment of that right hon . gent. , others must have a higher opinion of his complacency than he had , to think he would give way in the committee to change the substance of the bill . said , his object in wishing the bill to go to a committee was , that its severities might be softened . withdrew his amendment , and the bill was then read a second time . said , he was surprised that the measure should be brought forward without any attempt to prove its expediency . It was not beneficial to the British West India islands , but it would be a serious injury to the sugar refiners of this country , by bringing the sugar of Martinique in competition with theirs in the foreign market . Another class to whom it would be injurious was the inhabitants of Martinique themselves , who had agreed not to obstruct the army , in consequence of a proclamation which declared that they should be restored to the same government they had before ; 582 such was the condition held out , and they were now about to legislate in violation of it . said , that he could not help thinking the gentlemen who belonged to the British plantations good judges of their own interests . With respect to the Sugar Refiners , he admitted they would incur some disadvantages from the bill . As to the promise held out in the proclamation , it could not mean that they should be restored to their former government and state , but signified a general expression of kindness which was not violated by the bill before the house . By it they were placed in a situation little inferior to the British planter ; and by the 13th article of the capitulation , provision was made to keep that measure open to the adoption of