the elected , and which yet might , however honestly accepted and proffered , give rise to serious scruples in the breast of a man of honour in taking that oath . submitted to the committee , that all those members who had amendments to propose should propose them , in order that they might be printed together with the bill , so as that the house would be better able to decide upon the respective merits of the amendments . said , that he could not avoid taking that opportunity of expressing his personal acknowledgements to the right hon . the Speaker , for the manly , dignified , and constitutional part he had that night taken in the discussion upon the bill then before them . Anxious as he was that the house should stand well with the country , he must be glad to witness such conduct in any member , but peculiarly happy was he to see such conduct sanctioned by all that grave authority , that must have the effect of making it exemplary . He would return to his home from the house that night , with a prouder sense of his situation as a member of that house , than he had reason to indulge in for many nights back . was of opinion , that the objections to the oath seemed to be founded upon the supposition that the same practices which now existed would still continue to exist ; but he rather thought that , should this bill take effect , its operation would be so salutary as to counteract those practices which it was thought would run counter to the oath . said , he trusted he had how made those amendments to the bill , which would render it less objectionable in the opinion of those noble lords , who on a former day , had expressed their sentiments upon this intended measure . The preamble , `` Whereas , it has pleased Almighty God , '' & c , he wished to continue in those words , which had presented themselves to his mind as the most appropriate to express its introduction . An imperfect obligation of duty was thereby enjoined , which , as he had before observed , coming sanctioned by the authority of their lordships , would not fail to have its due weight upon the people of this country . `` No man , '' said his lordship , `` more than myself can pay reverence to the name of God , nor is it used with any impropriety on this great and important occasion . '' The words which defined the acts of cruelty , he had so altered , as , in his mind they would meet with the approbation of those who very prudently were anxious that great caution should guard the operation of this act . In that part of the bill which was now confined to beasts of draught and burden , he had altered the words to `` wound , cut , maim , and with wanton and malicious cruelty , should beat or abuse ; '' and he trusted the house would feel the propriety of inserting the word `` abuse , '' coupled with the words preceeding ; because , upon reflection , several acts of cruelty , requiring the interposition of such a statute , would not easily be comprehended under any other term . `` I , one day , '' continued lord Erskine , `` in going along Coventry-street , was struck with honor and disgust at the shocking scene of cruelty which presented itself to my observation . There was a cart , loaded with greens to a most unmerciful extent , drawn by one horse . 852 The poor animal was in such a state that its skin alone covered its bones ; and , what was more shocking upon nearer observation I perceived there was no cart-saddle to prevent the chain from cutting through the skin of the animal 's back ; and , upon still nearer inspection , I saw the blood and matter descending its side . Besides