Asturias . This was for local defence . It became a matter of consideration to his majesty 's ministers , whether or not it would be wise to grant this request ; and that certainly formed one of the principal reasons for their refusal . The point for which the assistance was sought , was one of the least vulnerable to the enemy . Another complaint made was , that the province of Gallicia had called for the assistance of cavalry , which had never been sent there . He believed , however , that no minister who knew his duty would have , advised his majesty to send cavalry to Gallicia without accompanying it with a due proportion of infantry . Besides , in his opinion , it would have been most fatal to the cause of Spain , and the Spanish army , to have sent them this aid of cavalry , for it would have drawn the Spanish infantry from the mountains down to the plains where alone the British cavalry could have acted , but where the French infantry were in irresistible superiority of numbers . In June , when the Asturian Deputies , and afterwards the Gallician Deputies , arrived in this country , a British military force was preparing for embarkation under the command of sir Arthur Wellesley . The noble earl was , however , mistaken in supposing , whatever might have been the original destination of that force , that there existed in the breasts of his majesty 's ministers the least intention to persevere in carrying that original object into execution , after they were informed of the appearance , however partial , of resistance in Spain to French tyranny.—This force was sent out with directions to proceed either to the coast of Spain or to the Tagus ; and it was judged expedient to entrust sir Arthur Wellesley with a discretionary power on this subject . The noble earl had stated , that his majesty 's ministers had sent this force to sea without any definite object . But what would he or any other man have thought of his majesty 's government if they had delayed their operations , and risked the loss of an important object , by waiting for precise details , possessed as they were of general 154 information respecting the occurrences in Spain ? They knew that they could safely trust the gallant officer at the head of that expedition with the discretion vested in him ; they knew that even as a diversion alone , the expedition would answer a most important object . Were their lordships aware of the advantages which might have been derived from that force , even had it not proceeded to the place of its destination , by diversions upon the coast ? In the state of Spain and Portugal such diversions would have been most serviceable . It was to the diversion of general Spencer at Ayamonte that the speedy defeat of Dupont was attributable , because it prevented a division sent by Junot to his assistance , from passing the frontiers into Spain , in order to co-operate with Dupont . In his opinion , it was the duty of government , as it was their invariable effort , to equip the best force they could , and to direct it against the object which it seemed to them most material to attain , but without such a final determination as should preclude all discretion on the part of the commander . This force , under sir Arthur Wellesley , called at Corunna at a very critical moment . The Gallician Junta declared , that the first object of the British ought to be the expulsion of the French from Portugal . At that time such an operation was obviously the most advantageous , both for Spain and Portugal . General Dupont was in a state of resistance . The contest in the south was undecided . But even after the surrender of Dupont , there could be little doubt of the policy of expelling the French from Portugal , and thus enabling the Spaniards to direct