offices under the French government , after the dissolution of the Regency . Of these three , not one was admitted into the new Regency , but the three remaining , who were not liable to the same objections , chose their new colleagues . These colleagues were persons distinguished for their patriotism and talents ; the bishop of Oporto and count Monteiro Mor . In Portugal , as in other countries , intrigues and jealousies , particularly among the higher and middle orders , were known to exist , and it was impossible that any arrangement would give universal satisfaction . The inhabitants of the northern provinces , the most industrious and populous part of the country , were naturally anxious that it should become the seat of government , or that at least they should have a preponderance in the new government . The southern provinces , on the other hand , were adverse to relinquishing the superiority incidental to the capital being situated in that quarter of the kingdom . It would not have become the government of this country , considering the circumstances under which the British army entered the kingdom , to interfere or endeavour to decide between these jealousies and claims . They adopted that course which prudence , as well as delicacy and a due regard to the feelings of an ally , dictated ; and they reinstated the former government as nearly as could be . He had no objection to the first of the noble earl 's motions ; but seeing by what it was to be followed , he must resist both . He could not consent to the production of the correspondence which had passed between his majesty 's government and the Prince Regent , or his representative in this country . supported the motion nearly on the same grounds as lord Buckinghamshire . He insisted that the disunion and discontent produced among the Portuguese by the complexion of the Regency had materially impeded our operations , and injured the cause of Spain as well as of Portugal . For the success of both , however , he was still disposed to hope , and his hopes were considerably strengthened by the appointment that had just taken place , of a noble marquis ( Wellesley ) to the embassy of Spain , for which situation , indeed for any , the highest situation , he was in every respect so eminently qualified . could not see the propriety of entering into this discussion at present . He thought the most expeditious mode of proceeding was that adopted by sir H. Dalrymple . It might perhaps , be thought better to summon a Cortes ; but that would have been a work of time , and the circumstances of the moment required urgency . He never could have approved the conduct that seemed to be advised , that of our taking military possession of Portugal ; it was our duty to re-establish a civil government under the most legitimate form . said , as there seemed to be an indisposition to lay the papers moved for before the house , he should not trouble their lordships long on a subject , respecting which he had not the necessary information . He supported the objections of the two noble noble lords on the cross bench , ( Buckinghamshire and Sidmouth , ) and maintained that it was the duty of his majesty 's ministers to establish a form of government more agreeable to the wishes of the people , than a Regency in which they had no confidence , but which , on the contrary , was universally suspected and distrusted . replied , and after some observations from lords Horrowby , Sidmouth , and Liverpool , the question was put , and the motion was negatived without a division . put a question respecting M. Charmilly , whose name had been frequently mentioned in a late debate in that house ; and , as the subject had reference to the Spanish question , he thought it necessary to receive an answer , before the discussion on that question should take