sent were at ten instead of forty or fifty days . It was not necessary , however , that the bills should be at ten days date , and in future this expence would be avoided . To explain that , till now , the existence of this mode of conducting the business was unknown , he should move for a letter from G. Harrison , esq . on that subject . , 342 agreeably to notice , moved for copies of all Communications to the Medical Board in England by the Medical Staff of our Army in Spain , as to the state of the Sick and Wounded of that Army subsequent to their lauding in Spain ; and for a Return of the amount of sick and wounded , who arrived in this country ; also for a Return of the deaths among the sick and wounded in that Army after their return to this country . He grounded his motion on complaints said to have been made , that the same inadequate equipment was to be found in the Medical Department as in the whole of the other branches of that army . opposed the motion , on the grounds that there was no precedent to support it ; that there was no occasion for it , as it could produce no public good ; and that it could not afford any adequate information on the subject without a comparison with the sick in other armies at home . He had no wish to disguise , that from the great fatigue it had undergone , the army in question had had a greater proportion of sick than most other armies , and that a fever had prevailed on its first lauding in this country . By the exertion of the medical men , however , this had been got under ; and he was happy to say that the army was now restored to perfect health . He saw no reason , therefore , having never heard any complaints on the subject alluded to by the noble lord , for departing from the general rule , particularly where a deviation from it was likely to produce injurious rather than beneficial effects . was of opinion , that where the country incurred great expence in paying an Apothecary-General , and a great Medical Staff , it became the duty of that house to see that the business for which these gentlemen were paid was properly attended to . He understood that complaints had been made , not only of a deficiency of medical aid in this army , but also of a deficiency of medical stores . He admitted that our army was greatly exposed to disease , both in the course of the campaign , and also on its return home , and that the detail of such distresses would be disastrous to contemplate . But , on the other hand , if complaints were made that these disasters proceeded from a want of medical aid , or from a deficiency of medical stores , he thought it impossible for the noble lord to refuse compliance with the motion . declared , that no such complaints had ever come to his ears , either directly or indirectly , and that this was the first intimation he had ever heard on the subject . He pledged himself to enquire into the fact . said , it was true that no such return was called for when the troops returned from Dunkirk or the Helder ; but then they were by no means so numerous as those upon the expeditions to Portugal and Spain , who also had suffered much greater hardships . As a soldier , he rejected the assertion of the noble lord , that such an inquiry had a tendency to damp the ardour of the troops . On the contrary , nothing could more highly excite that ardour , or more firmly attach them to the service , than to find a strict attention paid by their leaders to provide for their accommodations , their comforts , and their wants . No evil could result