a future day . . If the house be to conform itself to this precedent as a standard , I hope they will adopt it strictly , for otherwise we shall fall into error . The right hon . gent . opposite says , he hopes that the charge will be given to the accused in a particular form ; that may be very convenient to him and his colleagues , but it is not so in the precedent , for in it there appears to have been merely a statement of the names of places , where corruption and bribery had been alledged to have existed . There can be nothing less precise or particular than such a charge ; and therefore I think it will be sufficient , to deliver in the present one in as general words as were used upon that former occasion . then begged leave to move , `` That the matter of the Charge be heard at the bar of the house. '' —Mr . Whitbread and sir F. Burdett both rose to second the motion.—Upon the motion being put from the Chair , said he was decidedly adverse to the motion , and whether he referred to the notice upon which it was founded , or the opinions of the hon . gent . who brought it forward , as expressed in the Resolutions which he seconded at the Crown and Anchor , he could only consider it as the first step to Parliamentary Reform . Mr. Cartwright was not ashamed to acknowledge himself one of those , far too much attached to the constitution as it 499 is , and far too sensible of the blessings so abundantly diffused throughout every class of people in this country , to give his support or countenance to any change or innovation . He wished however to guard against being supposed an advocate for corruption ; it was not the case , but in his opinion we had the means of correcting abuses already in our hands . The courts of law were open , and recourse might be had to them . He would not risk the loss of the blessings and advantages we now possessed , in pursuit of any wild or visionary object of Reform . We had much to lose , and little to gain ; and whatever might have been the language lately held at public meetings , he should ever maintain there was more real liberty , more real equality of condition , more equal administration of justice , more security of property and person , and more genuine principles of freedom in this country , than ever existed heretofore in any other nation upon earth.—With respect to the question of Reform , he conceived there were three points to be considered : The evil , the remedy , and the motive . He had no difficulty in saying , in his opinion no evil existed ; there was no evil to be complained of , and consequently no remedy to be applied ; and even those who did think there was something which required correction , did not , any two of them , agree upon the remedy . It was said on a former night , that should Reform of Parliament be determined upon , the advocates for it would not know where to begin or where to end . Mr. Cartwright did not agree with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) who made that remark—they would know where to begin , because they would begin by pulling down , and then not know what to re-build . With respect to the motive , a celebrated writer had said upon the subject of Reforms , `` Beware that it be the reformation that draweth on the change , and not the desire of change that pretendeth the reformation . '' Mr. Cartwright would not impute any improper motive to any member of that house ; but he had no doubt there were many out of the house , whose object it was , under the pretence and cover of Reform , to