he could not agree with the right hon . baronet . The object which he conceived the legislature to have in view was , to promote the agricultural interests of Ireland . Bounties , by promoting trade , would contribute to that object , so that the hon . baronet 's amendment going to take away the inducement of bounties , could not , in his opinion , be advantageous . said , that if the clause to which the right hon . baronet objected would have the effect of suppressing the small stills , he would vote against it : no such consequence , however , in his opinion , could result . In many of the interior parts of Ireland , the only fuel they had for their stills was turf : some distinction , 685 therefore , ought to be drawn between such parts and the sea-port towns , where coals could conveniently be procured . When the committee came to consider that part of the subject , in which he could best introduce a clause to such effect , it was his intention to do so . said he agreed with the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , that it was of the greatest importance to have small stills established in the country parts of Ireland , and he would therefore give his support to the amendment of the right honourable baronet , as it was the plain , direct , and he thought the only way of carrying the object into effect of putting an end to illicit distillation . To enable smaller stills to work was an object not only of importance but of necessity , for in consequence of the demand for corn arising from distillation , many tracts of country had been brought into cultivation , and if illegal stills should be put down , and none others established , that demand for corn would cease , and a check would be given to the increased and increasing cultivation of land , and perhaps these lands already reclaimed would be suffered to relapse to their former state of waste . He agreed perfectly with the right hon . gentleman , that from a variety of causes , no large stills of 1,000 or 1,500 gallons would ever be established in the country parts ; but he could not agree with him in thinking , that if the amendment proposed was rejected , and if the bounties of 8l . and 16l . per cent . were to remain in favour of the large stills , that the smaller ones would ever be able to meet them in the market.—16l . per cent . bounty was an advantage which no trade could bear , and the fact has already been ascertained , that it was not to be contended against , for when even the bounty of 8l . per cent . was taken off the 500 gallon stills , and given to those of 1,000 gallons , the consequence was , that a number of 500 gallon stills were driven out of the trade . Now if 8l . per cent . could not be contended against , how could any man think that 16l . per cent . could be opposed ; but it should also be observed that the owners of small stills in their working , are under disadvantages which add to the expence of manufacture in the spirit , to which those who work larger ones are not liable ; these disadvantages amount to nearly 7d . per gallon , which if you will add to the 12d . per gallon bounty , the spirit coming from the smaller 686 still has to contend against an advantage which that from the larger one has of 1s . & 7d . per gallon ; it is impossible , under these circumstances , that the object of the bill without the amendment of his right hon . friend , could be carried into effect , but the committee were called upon by a sense of justice , as well as of interest , to support