which could not be assisted by those requisitions by which the enemy was aided , could arrive at the scene of action . Dispatches had been at an early period sent to sir H. Dalrymple , directing him to proceed to the north of Spain , without waiting for specific orders from home . Those dispatches arrived after the Convention of Cintra had been concluded , so that they could not have influenced that measure in any manner . The same order had been given towards the close of September , to sir David Bard . The reason why the troops released by the termination of the Campaign in Portugal , were not put in motion sooner , was , because sir Hew Dalrymple ( which was also approved of by the government at home ) had determined not to do so till a Central Government was established in Spain . This event was not known at Lisbon till the 4th or 5th of October , and the army was positively in motion three days after . There could , therefore , be no blame on this head attached either to the officers in Portugal , or to the government of this country . Sir John Moore was to act upon no other authority than that of his own govern- 457 ment , and the dictates of his own judgment , and it was a satisfactory reflection that there was no complaint of any want of cordiality having existed between sir John Moore and the officers of the Spanish army . He insisted that no person could have suggested a more judicious line of conduct to be preserved by us towards the Spaniards , than that which had been pursued by government . The noble lord accused them of not having made a provision for the reception of the army sent to Corunna ; to this charge he could only answer , that unless he had been able to borrow the prophetic fire of the noble lord , which saw every thing so distinctly after it had taken place , he could not by any means have anticipated any difficulty on that point , as it was obviously more the interest of Spain than of Great Britain , that no obstacle should be interposed . The amount of force sent was precisely what had been demanded by the Gallician Junta , and as soon as advices were received from lord Wm . Bentinck from Madrid , on the 29th of September , the whole plan of military operations was notified to him in order to ensure the making of every necessary preparation.—He might , indeed , support a tolerable case , even had no preparation been made at all by government for the debarkation of the force at Corunna , as till they heard of the cause of the delay , and the delay itself , it was not possible for human ingenuity to have anticipated such an event . But they had taken every step that prudence and fore sight could suggest , to prevent any mistake taking place . On the same day he had written to direct the advance of sir John Moore , he had written to the Gallicias to prepare for the reception of general Baird 's army , and also to general Broderick , or the officer acting for him in the commission at Corunna , to take measures preparatory to that event . No disinclination to their debarkation had been evinced till their arrival , when the letter from captain Kennedy informed the government of this country of that circumstance ; and the reason why they were not permitted to land for some time was only owing to an official omission in sending the order by the Supreme Junta . There never was an objection to their acting in the north of Spain , and the whole of the noble lord 's argument on this point fell completely to the ground . The noble lord also accused his majesty 's ministers of a surprizing want of combination , in sending general 458 Baird to Corunna , and Romana to St. Andero.—But how could