that he would have accepted an appointment with less power , for how could he have expected to succeed in his undertaking , if liable to be impeded and thwarted by those who had professed to be his enemies , and who had declared him to be a madman and his plan impracticable . The appointment being so drawn up and settled , Mr. Palmer proceeded ; in the mean time the attorney general discovered that this appointment was not legal , as it interfered with an existing act of parliament , constituting the postmaster general the head of their department . This might easily have been remedied by altering the act of parliament , in extending the commission of post master general , and including Mr. Palmer in the appointment . But whether Mr. Pitt wished first to ascertain , more fully the merits of the plan , or was influenced by the suggestions of others , who , now Mr. Palmer 's wheels were once set in motion , thought they had no further occasion for his assistance ; be that as it may , the matter was delayed , and Mr. Palmer was induced to proceed in the execution of his plan , under the assurance of the minister that he should not be interfered with , and that when he had compleated 706 his own engagements , the public should perform theirs . Under these assurances Mr. Palmer proceeded to his satisfaction , until the appointment of my lord Walsingham , an event as unfortunate for the public as for Mr. Palmer . The hon . gent . admitted what he had before stated , that from certain parts of the evidence which had been laid before the house , wherein , lord Walsingham speaking of the merits of Mr. Palmer 's plan , had declared that government was pledged for the fulfilment of the agreement , and wherein both their lordships had staled their conviction of Mr. Palmer 's personal integrity , he was convinced their lordships had no intention to injure Mr. Palmer in character or fortune . But however convinced he might be that lord Walsingham had been misled by the intrigues of others , necessity compelled him to add that such was his lordship 's opposition to Mr. Palmer 's plan , that whoever ought to have been dismissed it was impossible they could act together . The hon . member then proceeded to observe upon the conduct of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) who had been upon that night , as upon all former occasions , the most bitter in his hostility to Mr. Palmer , and who of all others should have been the last to oppose his claims . At the time the committee sat , on whose report the hon . member had founded his motion in the last session , the right hon . gent . did not think proper to attend either as a member or witness , though the same right hon . gent . had been very regular in his attendance at a subsequent Committee , where having no apprehensions of being called upon , he spared no pains in his endeavours to perplex and reduce that amount , which in the first instance was far below the calculation that was fairly due to Mr. Palmer . However as he had declined attending the former Committee , Mr. Palmer having no object but to obtain justice for himself and family , and conceiving that the right hon . gent . for his own sake would be content to remain quiet , had no wish to disturb him . But had the Committee examined the right hon . gent. , instead of another right hon . gent . whom they called upon , the hon . member believed that they might have obtained much more information than the latter was able to afford them ; and here the hon . member begged leave to say a few words upon the conduct of the right hon . gent . alluded to ( Mr . Long . ) That right hon .