which the Chancellor of the Exchequer had replied to it . Its object was to insure the attention of parliament to the great question of reform at an early period of the next sessions . Called upon as the hon . baronet had been , taunted as it were , and provoked to speak out—misconceived by some—misrepresented by others—he had on that night put the house in full possession of his thoughts , and although not likely on slight grounds to change his opinion , he had nevertheless declared , that being disposed to yield to reason and sound argument , he was anxious to learn the sentiments which others entertained . The subject of reform was not a new one , nor now for the first time introduced ; 1065 some of the ablest statesmen had considered it worthy of parliamentary inquiry . But it had been objected that the hon . baronet was not a fit person to bring it forward . Would it be seriously contended that with the stake which he possessed in the country , with a property such as had fallen to the lot of few , greater than than that of almost any other member of the house ? Would it be urged that a man of his rank , of a highly cultivated mind , and of reflective habits , was not qualified to bring forward such a subject ? Was this objection taken in downright earnestness ? If it were , Mr. Hutchinson would be glad to be informed who was qualified for such a task ? The hon . baronet appeared to have considered the subject with great solicitude , and he had presented it as one , which , if acted upon as he suggested , he flattered himself would strengthen the sovereign in the affections of his subjects , promote the welfare and happiness of the people , compose jarring interests , and eventually uphold the state . Such at least were the result which the hon . baronet expected from the measure . Another most extraordinary objection had been made , that he sought to change the constitution of parliament , not by the assistance of the house of commons , but by the interference of the people . The gentleman who had urged this last objection seemed to have been strangely inattentive to the question before the house , and to the concluding motion of the hon . baronet , namely `` that the house would , early in the next session , take into consideration the state of the representation in parliament . '' Yet the hon . baronet , who has thus directly appealed to the parliament and to the parliament alone , is unaccountably accused of having made that appeal to the people . This objection was no more understood , since the hon . baronet had expressly declared that he sought not to innovate , but to restore . Mr. Hutchinson ought perhaps to apologize for noticing an imputation which doubtless the hon . baronet had listened to with becoming indifference , but feeling that the character of every member was as it were the property of the house , Mr. Hutchinson could not refrain from saving that the treatment experienced by the hon . baronet was not that which at least on the present occasion he was entitled to . Mr. Hutchinson in supporting the motion did not pledge himself to the plan submitted , nor to any specific plan , but merely to the principle . 1066 He was not ignorant of the objections to which any such measure was liable , and he knew that he hazarded much when he professed himself a friend to reform . However concerned as he should be , that the motives which influenced his vote should be generally misconceived , he was prepared for incurring the suspicions , perhaps the direct censure , of many . In a state which secures to the subject so many privileges and blessings , there is a national jealousy , there is an inherent hostility to any measure that by possibility may injure establishments not more venerable