of vulgar prejudice . But the circumstances of the world have so completely changed within the last twenty years , that the reasonings or Grotius and Puffendorf are no longer applicable to the existing state of things . On the very principles laid down by these eminent writers , there is now ground for asserting , on the part of Great Britain , a paramount right of jurisdiction over the ocean , founded on the same principles on which any other legitimate sovereignty can be claimed ; on the principle that allegiance and protection are reciprocal duties . The British navy is the power which alone protects the freedom of the seas . A gigantic usurpation has overpowered the continent of Europe , and pursues its lawless course towards universal empire , setting at defiance all the restraints of justice and morality ; and were it not checked by the naval power of Great Britain , would assuredly be as tyrannical at sea as at land . The former conduct of France towards America itself is a sufficient proof of this . The Americans can not have forgot the rapine , violence , and insult of the French cruizers from the year 1797 to 1799 . The French government , now the champion of the liberty of the seas , then set up against neutral commerce pretensions the most monstrous , and in a state of professed peace exercised unheard-of depredations on the American commerce . Every vessel which contained a single article of British produce or manufacture was condemned as prize , with all its cargo . On this and other such pretences , without a shadow of right , depredations were committed to the extent of 20 or 30 millions of dollars . In less than two years at least 300 American ships had in this way been condemned , for all which no reparation has to this day been made . The American government submitted , without venturing upon one act of retaliation ; and at length concluded , in 1800 , a treaty with France , in which the adjustment of the sums mutually due and claimed , is put off to a more convenient opportunity . These captures were accompanied by every species of cruelty and insult . American captains were confined in irons , flogged , and even 349 tortured . These facts rest on no doubtful authority . Mr. King , their ambassador at London , himself attests the case of an American captain , on whose hands he saw the marks of the thumb-screws . To all this , though continued for several years , the American government was obliged to submit ; and if they are not still under the necessity of submitting to such treatment , it is the British navy which protects them . All other neutrals are in the same predicament . Not one of them would be able to maintain their own rights against the power of France . While the splendid victories of our navy have invested this nation with power to dictate the laws which are to govern the ocean , nothing is wanted but a just and equitable exercise of this power to put it on the same footing with any other legitimate jurisdiction . It is no less for our interest than our honour to obviate every probability of its being exerted unjustly . The dominion of the seas , for which we ought to contend , is not the mere vague ascendancy of superior force—an ascendancy which , being exercised without rule , may occasionally be absurd , but a regular , systematic , organized sovereignty , under which we ought to give to the commerce of all maritime independent nations the same protection as to our own , but with the express condition of their concurring with us in the measures which are necessary for the maintenance of that naval power , which is the last stay of the liberties of the world . Upon these principles , the British naval power might be rendered the basis of a grand maritime confederacy , under which the commercial rights of the associated