) had inclined to propose once more to their lordships , the bill which they had passed nine years ago to make adultery punishable as a misdemeanor : but he had been discouraged by a recollection of the many long debates to which he had then subjected himself , and must be permitted to say : `` Non eadem est ætas , non mens . '' He had also wished for a provision ( which had been suggested to him by his noble and learned friend on the woolsack ) against the practice , in prosecutions for adultery , of suffering judgment to go by default , in order to adjust privately at a tavern , such damages as may best suit the purposes of a profligate collusion.—Hitherto the interference of Parliament respecting seductive adultery has been confined to bills of divorce , given to the injured husband , `` to annul his marriage and to enable him to marry again . '' That interference had been practised about 140 years , and in the latter part of the period had become scandalously frequent.—The practical construction of those bills of divorce has been , that the adulteress , though not specially enabled by any of the clauses , is at liberty to marry again , and even to marry the adulterer ; and in many instances it is notorious , that the offending parties have intermarried accordingly . And thus it is that the faithless wife , by a special interference of Parliament , receives hire and salary instead of punishment , and becomes an encouragement to others to pursue the same course , in order to arrive at a similar gratification.—Parliamentary bills of divorce are liable to another glaring objection . Every remedial act of legislature should be equally within the reach of every class of the community . But bills of divorce , grounded as they are required to be on various expensive processes ( amounting in some instances to 3 or 4,000l ) , in the courts of common law , in the ecclesiastical courts , and at the bar of the two Houses , are confined to the opulent . And thus the interference of their lordships was employed to bring under the public eye the vices and excesses of the higher classes exclusively.—With these views , he ( lord Auckland ) would not be sorry if parliamentary divorces were altogether discontinued ; but at all events it must be the duty , and therefore the wish , of their lordships , not to allow 328 collusion and abuse , nor to be made the instruments of encouragement to conjugal infidelity.—As the law of England now stands , the divorced husband and wife are prohibited , by the ecclesiastical canons of 1603 , from marrying again in the life-time of each other ; and a bond to that effect is required accordingly.—By the law of Scotland the adulterer and adulteress can in no case intermarry after sentence of divorce . The evangelical law on these points had been variously interpreted , but it was not within his province and powers , nor indeed was it necessary to his purpose , to attempt to discuss it . His object was to adopt the principle of the Scotch law , as being proper , just , and expedient.—It notoriously and frequently happens , that adulteries take place on the unprincipled calculation that a change of husbands is desirable and attainable . The new compact is understood between the parties , and becomes a sort of honourable partnership of eventual dishonour , in some degree sanctioned and guaranteed by the surrounding society . The human mind is such a mixture of weakness and reasoning , that a woman can sometimes frame to herself an apology for the breach of her marriage vow , in the hope and speculation that she may contract a new engagement at the altar with the partner of her crime . By the prevention of such marriages , the code of seduction will be deprived of one of its principal allurements . But how will the prohibition operate on the seducer ? It ought ,