, that considerable doubt remains upon this subject ; and the noble Secretary referred to other authorities than his own , though his own must be allowed to be of considerable weight , to prove that the selling and purchasing seats in parliament fall under the cognizance of the common law ; and , if so , I do think we are now called upon , in the most solemn manner , to declare what the law is as it effects the present question . By rejecting the bill before you , my lords , we should indirectly sanction this corrupt practice , and assent to its legality . Still , as the common law now stands , I would appeal to my noble and learned friend on the Woolsack , whether , as the guardian of the property of others , he himself , or the Master of the Rolls , or any of the Masters in Chancery , would consider any influence attached to property belonging to a minor , or other person under the noble and learned lord 's care , as a species of interest , legally accountable for in the hands of those who exercised it , and , as such , * 1038 requiring that it should be disposed of to the best advantage ? Why , my lords , in that case the noble and learned lord would , in his high official situation , be bound to consider , not whether a seat in parliament were disposed of to an able and virtuous character , but whether it were disposed of to the greatest possible pecuniary advantage ? My lords , the common law has not sanctioned any such corrupt practices ; on the contrary , it has in all its principles , declared the same to be illegal . Still , there is no provision adequate to the prevention of so great an abuse , and when that abuse is admitted and avowed to exist it is necessary to remedy it by some legislative interference . Not only , my lords , do I consider the abuses to which this practice has led , but I am bound to reflect upon those to which it may be applied . It has sometimes probably happened , that some of the most enlightened , able , and virtuous men , have sought this mode , in preference to all others of obtaining a seat in parliament . They have sought with anxiety a place in the great and honourable assembly of the legislature , and having acquired it by these means , have gloried in the patriotic and disinterested exertions of their talents , without fear of being controuled , while they were conscientiously serving the cause of their country . But although such may have been some of the consequences of this system of influence , yet we are bound to consider it contrary to the principles of the English constitution ; and as legislators , our duty directs us to inquire to what improper and base purposes such corrupt influence is capable of being applied . If we consider the laws which have been thought expedient to prevent corruption in the electors , we shall see that a man is punishable for giving five guineas for the purpose of influencing a vote , and that the disposal of a seat in parliament , for five thousand pounds , is left without any legislative measure for its prevention . What is this , my lords , but a prohibition of corruption by retail , and an encouragement of it by wholesale ? I certainly agree with what was stated by the noble earl who spoke last , that , in the provisions of this bill , considerable alteration has been made , and , in the second part of it , which regards corrupt influence , arising from offices , all the effective terms of the former part have been omitted , and by the admission of the word `` express , '' the whole provision has been deprived of its 1039 * salutary consequences ; neither does it in any way