interests of the people . The argument of the learned gentleman had been defective in supposing that it had ever been represented that all the seats in parliament could be purchased directly by offices . What had been said was , that the patronage of the ministers would , when all competition was taken away , have a preponderating influence in the boroughs . Every body , however , knew that the patronage of ministers went much further than the word offices expressed . Government had patronage enough not only to purchase a majority of seats in that house , but to purchase almost the whole of them if they thought proper . It was from the speech of the learned gentleman , that he was convinced that the amendment was proper . said , that the inconveniences which would follow from adopting the Amendment , appeared to him to be far greater than those which would follow from rejecting it . If this word , `` express , '' were inserted in the bill , then it would be found impossible to convict any body under the strongest and clearest circumstances , to prove that guilt , which the object of this bill was to guard against . By leaving this word in the bill , they would be doing nothing less than proclaiming to the people , that offices , titles , situations and contracts , might be used secretly for the purpose of procuring seats in parliament ; for unless it should appear to a jury , a judge , or a committee , that an express contract or agreement could be brought forward , no punishment should follow . He thought that when money was excluded from the market , offices , titles , and other favours which ministers had to bestow , would be more operative . If it were once laid down , that money might not be given , but that offices , contracts , and such like might , it could not be denied that these considerations were equally corrupt , and ought equally to be guarded against . He did fear that this one word `` express '' would do more to increase the influence of the Treasury than the rest of the bill would do to diminish it . was ready to agree to any measure for reforming the existing corruptions , but must unquestionably vote against the clause , if the word `` express '' were retained . thought that the adherence of gentlemen to this word , did call very much into question the sincerity of their offers of supporting the bill . From what he had observed of the administrations of the country , the government appeared rather inclined to rule by numbers than by the affection which must result from promoting the happiness of the people . It appeared to him that this word would defeat the main object of the bill , which was to rescue the character of the house , and gain the confidence of the people . He thought the people would construe this clause as a mode of protecting that corruption , which it was intended to destroy . He certainly did think that the corruption of money was of all others the most debasing , but he contended both against the corruption of money and of office . If he could , however , remedy only one of them at present , he thought it was an object 980 gained of too much importance to abandon the bill , even though loaded with clauses and provisions of which he did not approve . said that there was a double disadvantage in the corruption by office . The office was badly discharged , and the country had neither an independent member , nor a good officer . agreed entirely with his hon . friend , in wishing for the adoption of the bill . The rejection of it might insure ministers a corrupt majority in parliament ; the adoption of it would afford the people , at least , a chance of independence . He declared his intention to vote against