reliance upon promises of assistance , even though less restricted , from this government The preliminary , however , to any assistance , was the restoration of the former amicable relations between the two governments . This was considered as a just atonement to this country , and it was necessary to enable his majesty to make any communication or application upon this subject , to parliament.—With respect to the Bills mentioned by his right hon . friend , he could confirm what was already stated , and assure the house that the Austrian government had no authority for that measure . The bills were drawn by the Austrian Treasury , on the supposition that the person authorized to restore the former relations between the two governments would reach this country time enough to explain the necessity of that step , and the circumstances that induced it . It would not be expected that he should make any harsh comment on the conduct of the Austrian government ; but he could assure the house that measures had been taken to stop the recurrence of a practice so inconvenient in many respects ; among which , 542 the very prejudicial effect that it would invariably produce on the course of exchange was not one of the least . No time was lost in transmitting a friendly remonstrance to the court of Vienna on the subject , and pointing out the inconvenience of the practice . They were told that if it was to be done at all , it must be done with the consent of parliament . Whatever extent of assistance was to be afforded to Austria or to any other power , it was not thought proper , for reasons that were obvious , to define it . It was thought best that his majesty should come to parliament and ask such assistance , in the shape of a Vote of Credit . When circumstances changed in every quarter , not only every month , but almost every day , it was impassible lo measure the extent of the assistance that it might become the liberality , or be necessary for the interest , of this country to afford . The confidence , that parliament might find it adviseable to repose in his majesty 's government , would not be abused . The resources that were , placed at their disposal would be managed with caution , and all the discretion of which they were capable . It was unnecessary for him , at this period of the renewed relations with Austria , to say more on the subject . commended the conduct of ministers in having , as they stated , so long left it entirely at the discretion of the sovereign of Sweden , to conclude peace when he should feel it adviseable ; but in his opinion ministers ought to have gone farther , and strongly advised that that sovereign to conclude a peace . According to his judgment , that advice ought to have been offered , and the subsidy granted by this country withheld . No such subsidy ought to have been advanced for the last twelve months . It was not , indeed , improbable , that this money had served in a great measure to urge the unfortunate monarch who received it , to pursue his wild scheme and policy , which led to the overthrow of his government . He was glad to understand that ministers had no concern whatever in advising Austria to engage in the present war . Had they any influence , indeed , they would have used it more wisely in dissuading that government from any such proceeding ; and if any money was meant to be advanced to Austria , he begged to be exempted from those who would sanction any such advances , which he was convinced could not be of the least use to Austria , while it 543 would be an injury to this country.—However painful he might feel it to resist the idea of pecuniary assistance to Austria , considering the connection which so ' often subsisted between that country and this