protector of persons and properties , to which you were subject under the British flag , shall be re-established in the colony . It is with these intentions , that his Majesty has entrusted to us the command of a formidable military and naval force , in order to retake Martinique , and to restore to that suffering colony abundance and tranquillity , the inseparable attendants of a just and protecting Government . In conformity with these beneficent dispositions , we invite you , in the name of humanity , forthwith to submit to the forces of his Majesty , which will not fail to punish the rashness of an ineffectual resistance . We order , that all the civil and military commis-saries do immediately resign their functions . That every inhabitant , of what-ever rank or condition , do retire quietly to his home , there to maintain order . We declare that every colonist or inhabitant who shall be taken with arms in his hands , shall be treated as a prisoner of war . That every free person of colour taken with arms in his hands , shall be sent out of the island ; and that every slave so taken , shall be subject to be tried by a military tribunal . Ministers of Divine worship , your religion shall be protected ; and the property and rights of the church shall be respected . 'Given at head-quarters , this 30th day of January , 1809 . 'Geo . Beckwith , 'Alex . Cochrane . ' This proclamation immediately produced the expected , or I should rather say , the preconcerted effect ; for General Beckwith , in his official letter of February 1st , writes , 'Hitherto we have experienced no resistance from the militia of the country ; and they manifest a disposition , every where , to return to their homes , in conformity to a joint proclamation by the Admiral and myself , which is obtaining a very extensive circulation : ' and Admiral Cochrane concludes his official letter of Feb. 4 , in the following words : 'The militia , who were forced to serve , have returned to their homes . ' On the 8th of February , a detachment of the 63d regiment ( consisting of only 200 men ) was sent to take possession of St. Pierre , the capital of Martinique , defended by strong forts and batteries , containing a population of more than 20,000 inhabitants , and comprising among them the major part of the embodied militia . Major O'Rourke , the British Commanding Officer , advanced against this place , not with a battering train of heavy artillery , but with the fallowing letter from General Maitland , addressed to the Commandant of St. Pierre , who happened to be also the Commanding Officer of the militia of the island .