, the house had rejected the motion , and he had concurred in such rejection , not only because such practices were openly avowed upon that occasion , but because the present bill , in its original shape , had been at that time introduced by his hon . friend ; and he had then hoped and believed , that the house would have set itself seriously to the work of purging itself.—However , as it appeared by the event , that the house had not thought proper to redeem the pledge , to which he considered it bound , he could not bring himself to vote for the bill in its present shape . He would agree 993 with the sentiment of the hon . baronet to take the good it offered , if he could find any such prospect from it ; but he was convinced it could produce no beneficial result for the public , as its only effect would consist in adding to the influence already possessed by the crown . He could not believe the house was seriously disposed to put down corruption , or could be in earnest upon the present occasion , when every form of oath , intended as a test , was rejected ; as nothing was more clear than that some soft of oath was necessary to prove the purity of the member possessing a seat . There was one remaining ground of objection , in his view of the case , against the present bill . The purchase of seats in parliament was said to be contrary both to the law of parliament and the law of the land ; but the present bill did not designate as such , all agreements for that purpose , but only all `` express '' agreements . This was , indeed , a new term in a legislative enactment , and could only apply , in its plain and ordinary signification , to agreements under hand and seal . There was no man so mad as to involve himself in such a predicament as this , and they might as well and with equal consistency apply the principle to the case of murder , and expect that in all cases of proof , there should be witnesses present at the perpetration , to prove the deed . declared himself in favour of the bill ; although not as a warm friend to it , as having been altered so materially for the worse , in the course of its passage through the house . When doubts were found to exist respecting the purchase of seats , was it fair they should be left in the same state , especially when any thing which would have placed those matters on the footing of certainty might have been enacted and would have rendered so material a service ? The bill certainly , as declaratory of the principle and of the law , he considered a good one , and so far desirable ; and though the clauses which had been introduced tended in some degree to defeat the object of it , yet he trusted the publicity given to that object would serve to put down the practice it professed to abolish . If the will was evinced by that house , it must certainly have that effect . One complaint was , that the great personages of the state were engaged in the traffic for seats ; and with what face could they notice the minor offences of electors taking bribes for their votes , when such a traffic was notorious ? 994 He thought it absurd and inconsistent to punish voters for selling their votes , and to leave wholesale corruption of the same kind unpunished . He hoped that parliament would at a future opportunity put down the practice of giving money to voters 14 days after the election , which was a mode of evading the Bribery laws . Upon these principles , he should give his support to the bill . He wished , indeed , the word `` express '' had been left out , though only applied