upon locality . But , from the view which he , accompanied by a member of that house , had taken of it in the course of the morning , he was enabled to assert , that such a building ought not to be tolerated . The ground upon which this building was to be erected , was , he understood , originally crown land , a long lease of which was granted to sir R. Walpole , which lease became the property of lord Yarborough . Of this lease a certain number of years were unexpired , when government thought proper to purchase it , for the benefit , avowedly , of Chelsea Hospital . But what was done after the purchase ? Why , that to which he objected , as well because the proceeding would tend to spoil a magnificent establishment , as because it was a scandalous job ; the effect of which would be , to deprive the Hospital of twenty times more benefit than it could confer upon the individual for whose favour it was meant . To this individual was appropriated a fine piece of land adjoining the river , which ought to have been reserved for the use of the Hospital , particularly under existing circumstances , when the great increase of our military force was so likely to render necessary an extension of the Chelsea establishment . But the alienation of this property from the Hospital , was not more to be deprecated than the manner in which it was to be used . Colonel Gordon 's house was , it appeared , to be built upon the banks of the Thames , between that and the infirmary ; so that this useful institution , which was already too much hemmed in by buildings and plantations , was , by colonel Gordon , to be 35 completely shut out from the river , so indeed as to deprive the sick soldiers of the tree circulation of air . It appeared to him very extraordinary that the officers at Chelsea did not remonstrate against the matter of which he complained . The government surveyor , who was resident at Chelsea , seemed deficient in his duty in not reporting upon it . He must say also that the physician and surgeon of the infirmary ought to have pointed out the grievance to which he felt it his duty to call the attention of the house . Indeed he could hardly suppose that any member who would take the trouble of walking down and looking at the premisses , would entertain a different sense of duty . It must excite any man 's complaint to see an attempt made , for the accommodation of an individual , to take away from the comfort , in old age , of a meritorious body of men who had spent the greater part of their life in a hard service . It was a pity that such men should be inconvenienced for the mere purpose of a job , or at least of that which had all the appearance of a job . He should be happy if ministers could explain the business , so as to remove the impression upon his mind , that it was deserving of this character . But if they could not , sure he was , that it would appear to any visitor , as it did to him , that an infirmary appropriated to oar sick soldiery , was cooped up , was deprived of the free air , so essential to their recovery , merely for the purpose of gratifying an individual . The course he meant to pursue was , first to move for a Copy of the Warrant of the Treasury , under which the grant of the land alluded to was made to col. Gordon ; which warrant was , it appears , dated the 11th of March , 1809 . When this Warrant should be laid before the house , he had it in contemplation to move , that the physician and surgeon of the Hospital should be called to the bar , in