be paid out of their pretended emolument . An instance of unblushing assurance ! For they do not pretend even that Mr. Aufrere ever said any one word to their delegate upon the subject : these are sins of commission on the part of these Commissioners : and , notwithstanding the fairness with which they were examined ; the opportunities which were afforded them of explaining their answers , and afterwards of answering their own expla- 307 nations ; they end worse than they begun , and their guilt becomes more manifest every step they take.—I can not help here remarking upon the contrast which is exhibited in the latitude of explanation allowed by the Committee , and the conduct towards witnesses which we have seen sometimes adopted at the bar of this house . There , witnesses who are selected , or at least ought to be so , for their judgment , discrimination , acquirements , and knowledge of the world , are deliberately asked temperate questions , to which they are allowed to answer in the most deliberate manner . They are then allowed to consider those answers and to explain them . They are afterwards allowed to answer those explanations , and to amend them : and the Commissioners , not contented with that , have published a set of posthumous papers , attacking the able Report of that impartial Committee , ( to whose labours , in this instance , I can not give praise too strong ) , which they have put into the hands of members of this house , and even have ventured to canvas for vote and interest . They have the effrontery to talk of the sacrifices they have made to the public . Having set aside for their own use above 130,000l . they still have further claims upon us , which they in their generosity have relinquished . The sacrifice they have made to the public , is to refrain from charging the expence of their establishment over and above such enormous gains : and yet in such a charge they say they should have been justified upon precedent ! Proh pudor ! et veritas ! No such precedent nor the shadow thereof can be traced . Here , Sir , we have seen witnesses pressed with questions in a hurried manner : and the hurried answer which has escaped from them , has been taken down and deemed conclusive , without the smallest latitude allowed of explanation or amendment . I have made the remark , I do not wait to draw any inference from it.—Sir , I have spoken in very strong terms of the conduct of these Commissioners : and I do not think the house will do its duty , unless it goes further even than the Committee itself has pointed out in the Report . I do not think that the allowance mentioned by them , ought to be made , and I concur in the opinion of the hon . mover of these Resolutions , that not one farthing ought to be paid until the whole of their accounts are settled . We should untruss these Dutchmen , and take from their trunk-hose every farthing of 308 their ill-gotten wealth . We should exact from them a minute account of all their gains : and then , if it should be proper to give them any thing after their conviction of such gross frauds , parliament itself should decide upon the quantum.—Sir , I am not acquainted with any of these Commissioners personally , nor do I know but that they may be all men of great reputation hitherto , and of ability sufficient to execute the office consigned to them ; one of them , however , is sufficiently known to the public , Mr. John Bowles , a gentleman who , for a series of years , has been a writer by profession : who has libelled much that has been good and virtuous in this country . If it really be Mr. Bowles the author , who writes under the signature of Christianus Laicus , the sanctified Anti-Jacobin ,