could be clearly defined . There were whole classes of duties , known to writers on morals under the name of Imperfect Obligations , which no one ever thought of enforcing by law , not because they were , in point of moral duty , less obligatory than others , but because they were of a nature that , to exist at all , must be spontaneous , or such as that law could not be 1032 made to apply to them . What idea could any one have of a law , to enforce charity , gratitude , benevolence , or innumerable others of the Christian virtues ? If a man with thousands in his coffers , of which he made no use , should suffer a fellow creature whose case was fully known to him , to perish in the next street for the want of a few shillings , you might inveigh against him for his want of humanity ; but would you ever think , that there ought to be a law to punish him ? The same might be said of cases that occurred , he feared , too frequently under the influence of the poor-laws , where paupers at the point of death , and women expecting at every moment to be seized with the pangs of labour , were turned out into the streets or roads , sooner than by the death in one case or the birth in the other , a burthen should be brought upon the parish . The poor-laws were an example of an attempt to force charity ; and fine encouragement they gave to such attempts ! But after all that they had done , unfortunately done , how much was left , which the law did not attempt to reach ? It would not be difficult to show , that the case was much the same in respect to the objects now meant to be provided for . The measure sets out with a preamble , containing a lofty maxim of morality or theology , too grand to be correct , too sublime to be seen distinctly , and most ludicrously disproportioned to the enactments that follow , wherein it is declared that God has subdued various classes of animals to the use and benefit of man : and from thence it seems to be inferred , not very consequentially , that we ought to treat them with humanity . That we ought to treat them with humanity , that is , that we ought , in all we did respecting them , to have a consideration of their pains and pleasures , was a maxim which he was not at all disposed to controvert ; but it did not seem immediately inferable from the permission before recited . If humanity indeed were carried to its utmost extent , it would rather run , counter to that permission , and lead us , like the Gentoos , at least to abstain from eating the animals thus consigned to us , if not from using them in any way that should not be productive to them of more gratification than suffering . The humanity , however , that is now recommended , is not meant , it seems , to go that length . We may destroy them for the purposes of food , that is of appetite and luxury , to whatever amount 1033 and in whatever ways those purposes require . Another class of us likewise , namely the rich , may destroy them , in any modes , however lingering and cruel , which are necessary for the purposes of sport and diversion . Even independently of the doubt which these striking exceptions create , we may ask reasonably , what humanity is ? Is it any thing capable of being defined by precise limits ? or is it a mere question of degree , and something consequently which is not capable of being set forth in words , but must be left to the decision of some living tribunal , giving its judgment upon each particular case ? Here we come back to the