the lot of whichever brought the largest army into the field . Even by the last accounts , he had gained no fresh advantages . I well remember what was said a year ago , that either Buonaparté must wholly succeed , or wholly fail , for that partial successes would never answer his purpose . What , then , is the fact ? He nas had partial success ; and , notwithstanding , he has not yet got into his possession more than half of Spain , and the people have evinced a spirit that may be truly called persevering . I am far from saying , regard being had to the man and the circumstances of the case , that the Spaniards must ultimately succeed ; but , at the same time , looking at the spirit they have evinced , and the actions that have happened , particularly the defence of Saragossa , so gloriously persevered in , I can not feel lukewarm in my hope that their efforts will be crowned with ultimate success . When your lordships consider the great popular revolutions that have occurred , do they ultimately succeed without great changes ? Switzerland and Holland are instances of this ; but above all , America . In that fatal contest with America we had gained every battle ; we had as- 164 sailed and taken every town we besieged , until the capture of general Burgoyne ; and yet the Americans had ultimately succeeded by perseverance in the arduous contest . In the present important struggle , do not the extent and nature of the country afford a hope of success ; does not its population forbid despair ? The noble earl concluded his speech with a censure upon the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . The noble earl may not approve of our measures , so neither do I approve of his counsels ; I do not approve of those sublime operations in Egypt , at Buenos Ayres , at Constantinople , and other places , that emanated from the wisdom of those with whom the noble earl has been used to act . Upon the whole I have the satisfaction , in common with the rest of his majesty 's government , to reflect , that whatever may be the consequences of the struggle we are embarked in , we have not lost the confidence of the Spanish people ; we know that every true Spanish heart beats high for this country ; we know that whatever shall happen , they do not accuse us . Submission may be the lot they are fated to endure in the end , but they do not impute to us the cause of their misfortunes ; they are sensible that neither the thirst after commerce , nor territory , nor security , is to be imputed to us , in the assistance we have afforded to them upon this important occasion . Whatever may be the result , we have done our duty , we have not despaired , we have persevered , and will do so to the last , while there is any thing left to contend for with a prospect of success . supported the motion of the noble mover . He condemned the king 's ministers as well for what they did , as for what they did not do . Let the house but remember the situation of Spain , and of the French armies in that country at the period of the simultaneous rising of its people . That occurrence was unexpected by the French government , and his majesty 's ministers here were in full possession of the plan of operations which the French armies in Spain had adopted on that event . Nay , the precautions of the enemy apprised them of the very course of operations which was necessary to defeat those very precautions . The position which the enemy took invited Great Britain to the very theatre to which it should have directed the progress of its armies . That position plainly proved that it was the object of France to consolidate its