the revenue , and hang or send to the gallies the merchant who should bribe him to such connivance , may be pretty sure of confining within reasonable bounds all abuses of that description . The same will be the case with any other species of abuse . But how , in countries where conduct is free , men can be prevented from selling that , which they will not consent to give , or how , where law is formal and scrupulous , and beset on all sides with guards and defences for the protection of innocence , it can be made to retain , in all cases , sufficient celerity for the overtaking 770 of guilt , are problems , with which the authors of these complaints never seem to trouble themselves . They call boldly and loudly for the suppression of abuses ; and if the suppressing abuses was the only object to be attended to , the task would be easy . There is a government in the neighbourhood , that tells us how that work is to be done . I will pay this homage to Buonaparté 's government as to say , that it either is , or may be , one of the most free from abuses of any that ever existed . But will the clamourers for this salutary reformation be content to have it upon the same terms ? We have seen already , what the nature of the greater part of these abuses is , and from what source they spring . And do not let us take this upon trust . Let those who doubt , go into the inquiry , and examine one by one , the instances in which they complain that the public money has been transferred wrongfully into the pockets of individuals , or the public patronage perverted , and see what the utmost extent is of that portion , which has been appropriated to the interests of ministers or of those for whom they were personally anxious . Upon this issue we may suffer the question to rest , considered as part of a general system , which aims at a great change in-the constitution ( a subversion of it as I should say ) under the name of reform , and grounds the necessity of such reform upon the extent and number of the subsisting abuses . It remains only that we say a few words upon the more narrow view of the subject as introduced by the hon . mover . The direct end and object of the motion , as we collect from some passages in his speech , the specific effect which he means to produce , is that of erecting a barrier to the too great influx into this house of the monied interest . The means proposed are such as can not but be approved , if the description of them be true , viz . that they consist entirely in the collection of a practice in the highest degree corrupt . The consequences , as usual in such cases , are to extend for beyond the removal of the immediate complaint , and to benefit the constitution in a thousand ways . It happens whimsically that the primary object of the mover , ( a pretty important one , and requiring , one should think , a good deal of nice consideration , namely the altering the balance between the landed and the monied interest , ) stems to be no object , at all with those to whom the motion is principally addressed , and not much indeed to the 771 hon . mover , if we may judge by the small portion which , it has occupied of his speech . It slips in almost by parenthesis . It is lost and hid , in the splendour of the incidental consequences which the motion is to produce , in the confidence it is to restore , the unanimity it is to inspire , the heats it is to allay , the effect it is to have in silencing gainsayers , the foundation it is to