place , that his majesty 's ministers were placed upon a bed of roses . I think their situation was a situation of great difficulty and danger ; requiring the utmost vigour , caution , and wisdom in preparing the means by which this country was to afford its effectual assistance to Spain . I hope I shall not be charged with having a disposition to undervalue the resources of the country . Even after all our losses—after the losses of the last campaign , great as they were in blood and treasure , in character , and honour—Even after those losses , I am persuaded , and I use no vain boast when I say it , that , under an administration of prudence and wisdom , the country is possessed of ample means to bring the contest in which it is engaged to an honourable termination . I trust I shall not be thought to talk the language of despondency , when I say , that , in order to maintain the ultimate contest which is to decide for ever the power and independence of 124 the country , the true policy of those who govern it must be to pay a strict attention to œconomy , to be actuated by a determination to concentrate your means , not to endanger them in any enterprize or speculation in which the event is doubtful , but pursuing the economical system of husbanding your resources , by which alone you will enable yourselves to continue the contest , the cessation of which does not depend on you , but upon the injustice of your enemy . I remember this policy , so well expressed in this sentiment of a celebrated poet , `` Durate et vosmet rebus servate secundis . '' was much derided on a former occasion ; but , notwithstanding the ridicule which was thrown on it , I think the country will one day know how to appreciate that system which was steadily pursued and acted upon by the last administration . I am not prepared to say that that policy should be extended , so far as to prevent our availing ourselves of a good opportunity of applying our resources upon occasions which hold out a reasonable prospect of success . On the contrary , I think that the advantage of that system of policy is , that while it enables you to maintain a protracted contest , it also enables you to fight with effect the last battle which is to decide the fate of the country . It is the concentration of your means , and the improvement of your resources , by which alone you can have every thing ready to avail yourselves of such an opportunity . I will not conceal from your lordships that I am one of those who thought such an opportunity was given to this country by the events which took place in Spain last year . I certainly , without having too favourable an opinion of ministers , did give them credit for their exertions in a situation in which it behoved them to guard against popular delusion , as well as not to excite popular enthusiasm . In such a situation I gave them credit for this ; that they would not of themselves willingly do any thing to excite those passions which were necessary to be restrained , and , least of all , to hold out hopes which were not justified by facts.—And this leads me to the consideration of the first point on which his majesty 's ministers are bound this day to give an account ; Whether they took means to obtain information with regard to Spain , and whether the information they re-received was such as justified the hopes they held out to the public ? We can not forget the magnificent accounts which 125 were circulated at the time , of the resources of Spain ; of the enthusiasm and spirit of the people ; of the vast armies they had collected , and with which it was expected they would drive the French beyond the Pyrenees . I remember