. '' said , he had no doubt but the house was willing and desirous to receive and discuss every question in a cause which ought to be heard ; but there might be instances in which a party ought not to be heard at all , instances in which , as in the courts of law , the plaintiff should be nonsuited . This was peculiarly the case with respect to Parliamentary Reform , in which nineteen in twenty , or perhaps 900 in a thousand , held such different , wild , and extravagant notions , that it was impossible any man could form a just or fair opinion of what they would be at . There were some measures which ought to be rejected in limine , to prevent the evil consequences which might follow from giving them the slightest encouragement . Such was , in his opinion , the measure of Parliamentary Reform ; and as he looked upon the present motion to be a measure tending 368 to that , he could not avoid opposing it in its outset . He begged the house to consider the nature of the remedy , and the danger of a change , which he , for his own part , was convinced would create greater difficulties than those which were proposed to be redressed . It seemed to him that the particular object which his hon . friend meant to correct by his proposed bill , was to lessen the influence of the monied interest , and to increase that of the landed interest . Before he adverted to the first or last object , he thought this motion ought to be rejected in the very first instance . It had for many years been his opinion , that the house ought strenuously to oppose , as dangerous and mad , any proposal for Parliamentary Reform ; every system , and every feature of which that had hitherto been produced , was , in his mind , extravagantly and even ludicrously wrong—both practically and philosophically wrong ; and when his hon . friend described the unanimity of the people , and inferred that it was to be obtained by this measure , he confessed he was totally at a loss to understand his meaning . They were then at issue , not on a point of theory , but of fact—would that measure satisfy the people ? rose to order . ( Cries of Order ! order ! Chair ! chair ! ) Having called the right hon . gent . to order , the hon . member must proceed to prove him out of order , otherwise he is himself acting most disorderly . ( Hear ! hear ! from all parts of the house ) . I saw some gentlemen next to the right hon . gent . interrupting him by whispers ; and , Mr. Speaker , I disdain to do any thing wrong as much as you do . ( Universal cries of Chair ! chair ! ) It will become the hon . member to be on his guard how he commits such an act of disorder , as to interrupt , by a call to order , any hon . member on his legs . continued.—Among the various plans which had heretofore appeared of Parliamentary Reform , that of universal suffrage was the most predominant . The monied interest might then say , it is very well for you who have landed property , but it wo n't do for us : other objections would be raised by those who had neither money nor lands , and it would eventually turn out just as the French revolution had done . Nothing could do : it would be impossible to produce a plan at which one party or the other would not snap their fingers . Of late days he had 369 never heard any one who wanted to give preponderance to the landed interest , and those who did so must have little attended to the reforming out of doors . An hon . friend complained that the people were generally discontented