of gentlemen upon the point of order , as he felt himself na- 494 turally anxious to conform to whatever was the wish of the house , as to the form of their proceedings upon the present occasion . He however acknowledged that he was prepared to expect the decision that had been made by the Chair , as to the propriety of his then speaking , and afterwards immediately retiring . He did not wish to quarrel with or canvas whatever might have been the wish of the house , as to the manner in which he was to act in the present instance , but he thought that the usage of the house on such occasions was founded in wisdom , as the presence of the individual accused during the agitation of the charges against him might be fairly suspected to operate in a way that would fetter and restrain the freedom of the discussion itself . At the same time he felt that that order of the house was not without its inconveniences as well as its advantages . It might be as much , if not more necessary to the just vindication of a man 's innocence , to hear the close of a discussion of that sort as well as the commencement , and perhaps the progress of it as much as either ; but be that as it might , the course being otherwise , it was for him now only to abide by it . And here he was free to confess , that he felt exceeding great doubt as to the line of address which it best became him in that situation to pursue . If he thought it mere criminatory proceeding against an individual of that house , for alledged mal-practices , there he could have no doubt that the house would willingly entertain the Charge , and of course the individual would proceed at once upon his defence , meeting the charges either with direct denial , explanation of the fact , or examination into the law arising out of the fact . But with respect to the present charge , he confessed that he could not look upon it in that simple light . As well as he understood the hon . gent . he intimated in the opening of his charges , that there was still behind them a mass of other matter ; and , indeed , that intimation had been sufficiently illustrated in the detailed statements entered into by the hon . gent . respecting the boroughs of Hastings , Rye , Cambridge , and Queenborough . By stating these circumstances it did appear that it was not so much the vindication of the injured honour of that house which was the object , as that more general one of following up the pursuit of what was denominated ' a certain system . ' This , it 495 seemed , was to be a first step to general Reform . The notice with respect to the great measure itself appeared to have been withdrawn , and this proceeding to be substituted in its place . If this was so , perhaps the house would think it right to pause , before they lent their sanction to such a mode of introducing the discussion of any great public question ; ( hear , hear ! ) Perhaps they would feel it to be their indispensible duty not to establish a precedent that would introduce a system of inquisitorial proceedings , fraught with the most violent inroads upon all species of private and social confidence ( Hear , hear ! ) . No matter through what means the charge had been elicited—no matter how sacred the confidence the discovery had violated , or how solemn the engagements it had broken through , ( hear , hear ! ) at any period it would be ill advised to establish such a precedent , but particularly so at the present day . They lived in a time in which the popular appetite fed upon attacks on public men . The favourite doctrine was , that public men must be necessarily