a total saving of eleven millions . He has done no such thing . The savings which he has calculated upon are—in the army , 6,182,000l.—Management of the revenue , 1,110,000l.—Commissions of accounts and inquiry , 75,000l.—Pensions , 300,000l.—Colonies , 500,000l.—Bounties , 150,000l.—Allowance on management of debt , 210,000l.—The military expenditure of Ireland , 2,000,000l.—making 10,857,000l . The savings which might be effected in the navy departments will amply make good what this sum wants of eleven millions ; and it will also cover any errors that may have been made in taking the savings in the other departments so high as 10,857,000l . I have felt it due , Sir , to the hon . member behind me , to make these observations in explanation and support of what he has said . The hon . member has undertaken a task of great responsibility , and one attended with great labour , with a view to promote a public object—his exertions , and the manner in which he has made out the grounds of his opinion , entitle him to the thanks of this house and of the country ; and as I , Sir , think that the investigation which he has set on foot into every branch of the public expenditure will be attended with the best possible effects , I have felt it my duty to give what support it has lain in my power to give him . said , that as to the bounties , he could take upon himself to say , that no considerable saving could be made in this point , in fact , the greater part of the bounties were merely drawbacks ; and if the plan of the hon . gent , were adopted in thus taking away these bounties , there would be at least 30,000 weavers in Spitalfields turned out of employment the first fortnight . Most of the bounties were merely drawbacks of duty on our manufactures upon exportation . There was no subject which he had considered with greater attention than this of bounties ; he had gone over the subject again and again ; and if it had appeared to him that any of them could have been taken off without doing an injury to the public , be certainly 1131 should have proposed it at times , in which the administration to which he belonged were at a loss to know what new taxes to fix upon . It could certainly be no object to the government to continue unnecessary bounties . said , that instead of there being too many officers employed in the custom-house , there was a pretty general complaint among the merchants that there were too few for the great weight of business that is now going on . took notice of the steps which had been taken by the Committee of Finance , to reform many abuses of which the hon . gent , had complained . As to the Pension List , he certainly wished it was smaller , but there were many parts of it which no man would wish to reduce . There were pensions to the amount of 355,000l . annually to the royal family , and about 70,000l . annually to the proprietors of Irish boroughs , as compensation under the act of Union . There were also pensions very properly given to many meritorious servants of the crown . It did not appear to him that out of the whole pension list there was more than 400,000l . per annum , on which the proposed reduction could have any operation . said , that he had never intended to institute any comparison between the modes of collecting the revenue in this country and in France . As to what he had stated about the inspector of canvas , he would be ready at all events to shew , that he had strong grounds for the statement that he had made . The several Motions were then read . Mr. Huskisson objected to some of them , as being stated in such a way as to render it impossible to comply with them