imputed none to the hon . baronet . But he doubted whether he might not be influenced by those whose views might be less pure . One of the greatest objections which he had to the proceedings of the hon . baronet was , that he did not propose to carry on his plan of reform in that house , but endeavoured to effect his object by means from without . The hon . baronet was reported in Cobbett 's Register to have said , that the house of commons was the only spot where the opinions of Englishmen were treated with contempt . He would have a much higher opinion of the bon . baronet , if we saw in him a disposition to effect his object through that house , instead of a desire to lower it in the opinion of the public . observed , that the hon . baronet , though often accused of obscurity , was now plain and explicit . He had stated in pretty strong terms that the house did not deserve the confidence of the country ; and yet he came forward in that very house with his Plan of Reform . The motives of the hon . baronet might be good , but his conduct , he thought , extremely dangerous . The plan which he had stated amounted to complete and radical revolution . The first savage in the world would certainly have thought an attempt to cut down the tree which afforded him protection from the weather a great insult . It would be the ruin of a ship if you took away her ballast . The ballast of the British state vessel might sometimes be too heavy , but upon the whole , she proceeded very well in her course : and even the rotten boroughs might ultimately do a great deal of good . These inappreciable cases produced what was called chance . But as men of wit alone were often lucky in their bon mots , so the British constitution clearly appeared to have been the work of sensible men . That constitution ought to be defended without a very narrow or minute 1064 examination ; for many things which appeared ridiculous at first might be good in their ultimate effect . Since he became a member of that house , he had studied the motives of men a good deal , not only in their public speeches , but in their private conversation , and the result was , a conviction that he had got into better company than he at one time imagined . He affirmed , that its votes were almost always satisfactory to the nation . He adverted , as a proof , to the late vote respecting an improper military appointment , and affirmed that the conduct of the house on the business of the Duke of York would have been equally satisfactory , had not undue means been taken to produce a contrary impression . He himself , however , was one of the minority of 125 , though his name had not appeared in the published lists . He could not assent to the motion of the hon . baronet ; but he highly complimented col. Wardle , who had so well conducted himself in adversity . He hoped he would be enabled to bear prosperity with equal magnanimity , and not suffer his brain to be turned by the intoxicating influence of three times three . would not suffer the question to go to a division , without replying to some of the observations and objections which had been made to it . From what he had heard of the hon . baronet 's speech , one more constitutional , more calculated to entitle him to the respectful attention of the house and to the confidence of the public , or containing stronger professions of a wish to conciliate , he had never heard in parliament . It was directed to the judgment , not to the passions , and certainly did not , in the smallest degree , justify the tone of scoff and ridicule , in