stated the object of his intended resolution , namely , to vote from the consolidated fund , such a sum as would afford 1,000l a year additional , both to the chief barons and justices , and to the puisne judges of the courts of law in England . In pressing such a measure upon the house , he was aware that it would feel the necessity of enabling the elevated individuals in the administration of justice in this kingdom , to support that decent and due dignity ; at the same time that such a course should not trench upon their property as individuals , or upon the future interests of their family . With respect to the other judiciary establishments of the united kingdom , he had to propose an increase at present only for the judges of Wales ; taking the same standard as he did in the former instance , merely to make the real income equal to the nominal , he proposed an increase for the Welsh judges to the amount of 300l . a year.—With respect to Scotland and Ireland he was obliged to postpone any measureé upon the subject . The house was aware that within a very short period a considerable alteration had taken place in the constitution of the court of session in Scotland . Until that alteration was fully completed , and its effects visible , the delay of such consideration could not , in his opinion , be deemed improper . And as to Ireland , although he had received a letter from the Lord Chancellor of that country , stating the equally strong claims of the Irish Judges to an augmentation of their salary , yet he was not , without further information on the subject , at present inclined to vote any similar proposition relative to that part of the empire . He wished at the same time to be understood , as giving no improper partiality , but as anxious that each measure should be brought forward upon the due occasion . He then moved , That there be voted a sum of 40,000l . out of the consolidated fund for that purpose . supported this measure , so necessary to the proper establishment of dignified and exalted characters , who had always refrained from interference in polities . He trusted that it would be a spontaneous measure with every party in the house . Under all governments , the purity of the judicial establishment was never called in question , so that from the past , we might anticipate security on that head for the future . from the extended nature 836 of the Welsh circuits , did not think the augmentation proposed to the Welsh Judges a sufficient one . He proposed , therefore , by way of amendment , that the augmentation should be 500l . per ann . instead of 300l . He knew many respectable persons , who , on being applied to , in order that they should fill those places , declined , on the ground of the great expences . supported the amendment , and wished that the Welsh Judges should be excluded from parliament , on the constitutional principle that it was not right that those who were concerned in the exetion should have any share in the legislative part . said , the proposition of the hon . gent . deserved more consideration before it should be adopted , as it would tend perhaps to overturn the present judicature of Wales . He could not agree with another hon . gent . that the Welsh Judges acted in a perpetual judicial character as the Judges of England did . defended the proposition of further augmentation to the Welsh Judges , and hoped that those of Scotland , on account of their labour , would be shortly placed in situations relative to those of the English Judges . did not approve of the Welsh Judges being admitted as members of parliament . did not oppose the augmentation of the salaries , but asserted the expediency , at the present moment , of directing that public justice should