more anxious to promote the punishment of corruption and abuses , wherever they can be proved to have existed , than myself . But I certainly will not agree to the adoption of the noble lord , because he takes for granted the existence of abuses in every branch and department of the government , without any proof whatever on the subject . The noble lord might with great facility have obtained his object by proposing other means than this motion for a Committee of General Inquiry . If he had followed the example of an hon . gent . ( colonel Wardle ) he might , by adhering to that line of proceeding , have obtained the most ample redress that he can wish or desire . In the motion brought forward by that hon . gent. , a specific ground was stated , on which he meant to found the charges against the Duke of York . On that ground , so specifically stated , and on the statement of the nature of the evidence which he meant to adduce in support of his charges , the house of commons supported his proposition , and a committee was accordingly appointed , in conformity to his wishes and request . But I do not believe that there ever was an instance in which powers so unlimited and indefinite have been entrusted to a committee , merely because allegations have been made , and examinations taken on other matters tending to charge Corruption , out of which it is supposed that some fresh matter may arise . It can not even be supposed that the house of commons , on such grounds only , will adopt a resolution which tends in fact and in substance to criminate every man in every department of the state . I find it impossible , on the occasion of so extraordinary a proposition , to content myself with a silent vote , and more especially when I see a disposition in some persons not in the house , to 62 charge every public man in the kingdom with corruption . This is a charge of a most serious nature ; and particularly when it is considered how readily and with what avidity every thing that is charged against this house is received out of doors . The people are even industriously told in some places that there is no distinction whatever in this house , that we are all knaves and rogues alike ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) ; that it does not signify in what hands the government is placed ; for , provided they are parliamentary , the country can expect nothing but corruption ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) . These , Sir , are most foul , impudent , barefaced , and infamous calumnies ; for , I will venture to maintain , that there are in this house , men as honest , as upright , as uncorrupt , and possessing as great integrity as those who make these gross and unfounded charges . And , be he who he may , I do assert and maintain , that he is not an honester public man than I am , nor do I see the smallest reason why I , or any other member of this house , should hesitate for one moment to repel this unmerited and general stigma . My conduct has already proved , in numerous instances , that in all matters of public economy and reformation of abuses , I am disposed to go as far in the protection of the people against extravagance and abuse as any man in this country ; and I am still disposed to persevere in that conduct , which I conceive to be only a faithful discharge of my duty to the public . But to the motion now before the house I can not agree . could not content himself with a silent vote on a motion of this importance . He would support the motion of the noble lord , and would briefly state his reasons . He considered this as a