facilitate the election of his friend . The noble lord opposite said , that he was unwilling to press harder upon any man , than the evidence would bear him out ; but it appears to me that the noble lord is forgetful of this declaration . I will allow it is the duly of every man not to dispose of his patronage improperly , but as lord Castlereagh had not any knowledge of the character of Reding , it can not be inferred , that he meant to make an improper use of his patronage , by disposing of it to unworthy objects . I think it unfair to inlist the case of Davis on this occasion ; because whatever might have been the object of Davis , lord Castlereagh was certainly no party to it.—Some observations have been made respecting the indignation manifested by the noble lord at having his name associated with such persons ; and from what has fallen from the other side there appears a wish to represent the indignation as not fair and honest ; but why should it be thought otherwise ? If the noble lord did not feel indignant at it he would deserve all the punishment which my nobel friend appears so willing to hurl upon his head . It appears to me that in judging of the conduct of lord Castlereagh we are not to call in the assistance 226 of inference , but decide from the evidence before us . I have said that it was impossible to defend lord Castlereagh upon principle , I say so still , but I may maintain in perfect consistency with this opinion , that the Resolution of the noble lord goes to draw down a greater punishment than the offence deserves ; there are degrees in offences : you would not punish a man for a bare intention with the same severity as for an actual commission : what is necessary to constitute the offence is here wanting . There was no malus animus ; no corrupt design appears in the whole transaction . The noble lord acted not in his official capacity , but as an individual wishing to oblige his friend . He had officially no India patronage to bestow . What he gave in this way must have been given him by some of the Directors who had the nomination at the time . Officially he had committed no offence , and the degree of punishment ought to be proportioned to the degree of guilt . The necessary consequence of carrying these Resolutions will be the loss of office to the noble lord . I know it is sometimes asserted that dismissal from office is not to be considered a punishment . When the dismissal is occasioned by the pleasure of the sovereign , by a want of strength in the ministry , or the success and overbearance of some rival party , it is certain the dismissal can not be considered as a punishment ; but when charges of corruption are entertained , sanctioned , and registered , and the dismissal takes place in consequence of such charges , will any man say that the dismissal from office is not a punishment , and a severe one too ? I will not trouble the house any longer upon this subject , but shall conclude with a hope that the house , in exercising its discretion , will be considerate , and in its anxiety to discharge a duty to the public , will not forget what it owes to an individual . On the grounds I have already stated , I shall move that the other orders of the day be now read . Certainly , sir , after the speech which we have heard from the noble lord , I for one did not expect that he would have concluded it with such a motion ; I for one did not expect that after he said the proposition of my noble friend was rather severe , he would attempt to substitute for it a proposal that it should be dismissed altogether ; that when a Resolution was