servants and apprentices who were tempted to rob their masters , on the number of fathers of families who were induced to spend upon wild speculations the fund which ought to have provided for their children ; he would say , that there was a sufficient quantity of vice and immorality proved to result from the lottery , that the right hon . gent . should decline to propose such a measure . There was a society existing for the Suppression of Vice , and he understood that one of the rules of this society was , that no man should be a suppressor of vice unless he was a member of the established church . This regulation would certainly be highly relished by the No-Popery gentlemen of the present administration ; but if they were to set their faces against minor offences , and yet countenance the lottery , it would be like casting out seven devils from a man , when a legion of other devils were immediately to enter . He believed that there was no sin pointed at in the Decalogue which was not encouraged by the lottery . It was a speculation which always began in covetousness , and often led to theft . The instances were not new , where murders , and particularly self murder , had been instigated by losses in the lottery . A person had been introduced to him that was said to he perfectly acquainted with lotteries . The man , however , would not confess to him that he knew any thing about insurances , although those that were acquainted with him declared , that he had been three times ruined in the lottery . The lower class of the people were dreadfully deluded by such men as publicans and waiters in public houses , who were always ready to persuade the idle to adventure in the lottery . The profanation of the Sabbath , and many other evils much to be regretted , often proceeded from the same source . Besides these publicans and their waiters , there were dreamers of dreams and calculators of horoscopes , who also deluded the ignorant with respect to lotteries . The whole 623 gain that was stated as a balance for so much mischief , was the 300,000l . that was to be gained by the lottery . Now , he earnestly recommended that this sum should be left unprovided for until the end of the year , and if it were then found that there was a deficiency , other means could be taken to provide for it . There was no possibility of remedying the evils of lotteries . It might be said that insurances might be stopped by cunning informers , on the principle of `` set a thief to catch a thief , '' but in the case of lotteries , this maxim did not hold , for from the highest to the lowest , all were concerned in the delusive scheme . If one walked in the public streets , we were sure to meet lottery-offices that called themselves peculiarly lucky , and enticed the ignorant to lay out their money with them . This , and all the other artifices by which the public were entrapped , appeared to him to be evils far beyond all the good that lotteries produced . He should therefore oppose , this Resolution . replied to the arguments of the last speaker . He did not conceive him warranted , on good grounds , to state that all the ills he detailed arose from the lottery . Neither was he right in stating the sum accruing to government , from the lottery , at 300,000l . as with the duties on stamps , & c. it amounted to 700,000l . All the evils mentioned were to be traced to insurances , and these the hon . gent . would find from his own authorities had been almost done away within the last few years . said he did not wish to detain the house by going into a detail of the measure , but he believed it to