it be guessed , à priore , that the Convention of Cintra would be concluded , and our transports employed in carrying the French army from Portugal ? It was pretty creditable to government , that even after transports for the conveyance of 25,000 French troops were employed , as many still remained in the Tagus as were capable of receiving 12,000 of our own troops , and bearing them to the north of Spain , had that mode of conveyance been deemed expedient . The movement by land was not therefore adopted from necessity , but from an opinion of the commander of the army in Portugal , that it was most advantageous . Allowing , as he did , that the misfortunes of the campaign were , in great measure , owing to the differences subsisting among the Spanish generals , to the division of the Spanish armies , and to their want of a commander in chief , he could not yet agree with the noble lord , that it was proper for this government to suggest to the Junta the appointment of any such officer . It followed , therefore , of course , that no other instructions , but those that were given , could be given to sir John Moore on this head ; namely , to act on an equality with all the Spanish generals . With regard to the charge against himself , that he knew so little of the numbers of our own army , as to suppose it amounted to 40,000 , while , in fact , it consisted of only 28,000 men , if was grounded on that disrespect to dates which the noble lord had shewn throughout . The return made by general Clinton , containing information on this point , which he was accused of having overlooked , was not received till long after the letters passed between him and sir John Moore . It was not at all surprizing , therefore , that he should suppose the army amounted to the number he had stated , as 23,000 men had marched from Lisbon ; there were 13,000 under sir D. Baird , and all the men in Portugal , excepting eight regiments , had been ordered , on the 11th of October , to proceed to join sir J. Moore , and it was but fair to conclude that they would , by December , have arrrived in the line of his march to the amount of 5,000 . Some , however , had been retarded by the disturbances at Oporto ; general Stuart 's division by the want of corn ; and there were 4,000 sick , none of which contingencies could have entered into any calculation made in this country , and yet 459 after all , sir J. Moore had 34 or 35,000 men , although they were not immediately in the field . It was true at the same time , that sir John Moore , as a military man , could not acknowledge having more men under his command , than he could bring out to meet the enemy . The movement to Salamanca , and the advance into Gallicia , he approved : nothing could have done more for the Spanish cause , or made a more powerful diversion for the southern provinces , by which they were saved for three months from the advance of a victorious enemy . The noble lord had inveighed , in terms somewhat severe , against the advance of the British troops , and their subsequent retreat , and had even asked , whether sir John Moore or Mr. Frere was the author of those movements ? A more judicious movement than that of marching into the north of Spain , could not have been devised by any man . It inspired the natives with confidence , and gave them two months to recruit their exhausted armies . If by it our army had suffered considerably , it ought also injustice to be stated , that the enemy had suffered very severely . Those who knew sir John Moore when he was alive ,