of this property , in as much as the East India Company had also a commission of 5 per cent , on their sales . The hon . gent . then followed the course of the Report in exposing the futility of those reasons by which the Commissioners had attempted to defend the appropriation to their own use of the 5 per cent . commission . Some of these Commissioners were themselves merchants , and it was therefore most extraordinary that they should have asserted that 5 per cent . on the gross proceeds was the usual commission , when it was well known that the highest commission common among merchants was 2½ per cent . on the gross proceeds . The Commissioners had cited two precedents for their charges . The first was a similar Commission issued in the war of 1756 ; and the other the general practice of prize-agents . With respect to the Commission of 1756 it appeared that only 2½ per cent . on the net proceeds was 295 charged ; and the result was that no more was paid than about 14,768l . being about 1,000l . to each Commissioner . This , therefore , was a most unfortunate precedent for these gentlemen , in support of their claim to 27,000l . each . The case of prize-agents would stand them in little stead . Prize-agents must have a capital before they could carry on the business ; and they were besides exposed to risk and to losses . But , supposing they wanted as little capital , and were as secure from risk as these gentlemen , the precedent would not avail , because the prize-agents charged 5 per cent . not on the gross but on the net proceeds of their sales.—The hon . gent . then requested the house to consider what were the real services of these Commissioners . Their sales had been finished in four years and a half from the time of their appointment , and the important part of their labours had of course then closed . As to the law-suit , that must have been entirely the business of the solicitors and counsel . Nay , in 1804 , it had actually occurred to the Treasury , the last quarter where such a notion could have gained admission ; that it was useless to retain this Commission any longer—that the very loyal Mr. John Bowles could be uselessly retained in this Commission ; and they had actually applied to the law officers of the crown to know whether the Commission might not be dissolved . Nothing prevented that dissolution , except that it was thought proper to continue them nominally because the suit had been commenced in their names—a circumstance which rendered it necessary to maintain their existence till the suit was concluded . The real labours of the Commissioners had however closed ; and in point of fact , during the ten years the Commission lasted after the completion of the business , the gentlemen found time enough to do a great deal of other business . This same John Bowles had been active in several elections , which had since taken place , and had time , besides , to write about thirty pamphlets . Mr. Brickwood , too , appeared by the Report to be at this moment a Commissioner for Spanish property . Two of the Commissioners pleaded , it appeared , that they had quitted their professions with a view to the fulfilment of their trust . This was not the first time that professions were abandoned for something better . Another hon . gent. , whom be did not see then in his place ( Mr. R. Ward ) had also quitted his pro- 296 fession for a salary of 1,000l . a year as a Lord of the Admiralty , This brought him to notice another case adverted to in the Report , which appeared to him to be a most palpable job : the case he alluded was that of the American Commissioners . Mr. Tho . M'Donald , it appeared , got 5,000l . for abandoning his