is illegal and excessive , and , therefore , should not be required of the Plaintiffs . Upon this assignment of Errors , the Attorney-General , on behalf of the crown , pleaded generally , that neither in the record and proceedings , nor in the Judgment , was there any Error . The question now for your lordships ' consideration is , whether on these two points , or either of them , the doctrine asserted and upheld by the Attorney-General , or the views of the case which I shall have the honour to submit to your lordships , is the best founded in the law and constitution of the country ? There are some points connected with a general view of this case , which I may not think right to urge in the first instance ; but with which , I may , according to what shall fall from the counsel for the crown , touch upon , at the opportunity furnished me by your lordships ' rules , in replying . In discussing this case , no want of candour in viewing it , shall be fairly attributed to me . I admit , then , that all the gaols in the kingdom are his majesty 's ; that the court of King 's Bench is supreme in criminal jurisdiction throughout England ; that it may commit offenders to any prison it thinks proper , in case the court , at the time of passing such sentence , should sit in the county to which such prison belongs . I admit every one of these points . My lords , the principle laid down by the Attorney-General in reference to this part of the case , is a very general principle ; to the length I have stated , I fully go with him , but by no means to the extent . The courts of justice , and prisons , are held by the law and constitution of the realm , to be the king 's , for special and particular purposes . I flatter myself , I shall be able to convince your lordships , that the legal purpose for which the gaols were allotted for confinement of offenders , was for the imprisonment of those who were guilty of offences in the body of the counties in which such gaols were situated . In advancing this , I do not mean to contend , that it would be illegal to have sent the Paintiffs to any gaol in the county of Middlesex , for there the sentence was passed ; nor to any gaol in the city of London , because these the offence was committed . I request your lordships to bear in mind the 585 distinctions which I admit , that the court may send persons either to gaols in the counties where the offences had been committed , or in those where the court sat at the time of passing sentence . In former times , when the power of imprisoning individuals was exercised by other persons as well as those constituting his majesty 's courts , these persons , with a view to the extortion of money , instead of sending the objects of their power to the county-gaols , used to send them to their own castles . These were chiefly justices of the peace , and by an act of the 5th of Henry 4 , chap . 10 , that power was taken away , and it was enacted that individuals should be imprisoned no where but in the gaols . Now , my lords , I know full well that taking away the jurisdiction from justices of the peace was not to take it away from the court of King 's Bench ; but it is rather too much to contend , that , if justices of the peace had usurped this species of jurisdiction , that , on their being deprived of this usurped jurisdiction , it was necessarily transferred to the court of King 's Bench . `` —The learned counsel then referred to a case occurring in the 11th of Edward