his own regiment , government has no concern in it . The off-reckonings , out of which the regiment is clothed , are , as it is well known , an allowance of a very old standing , made to the colonel for this purpose , and which , notwithstanding the rise of every article , has not been augmented . The interference of government goes no farther than to take care that the regiment is clothed according to the regulations of the army.— 1113 The mode and terms of purchase are left altogether to the colonel , and the difference between the price paid by him , and the off-reckonings allowed by government , constitutes the chief profit of the regiment . If , under these circumstances , the general officers of the army , who are colonels of regiments , pay for their own clothing , as the hon . gent . states , more than is allowed by government to its contractors , it proves a liberal attention on their part to the comfort of their men , and on the part of government that every possible economy is practised ; for in this head of expenditure the hon . gentleman 's grievance is , that government is served cheaper than the individual . In the whole statement , the hon . gent . appears to proceed on the principle that the large establishments we are obliged to maintain , for the purpose of security and defence , as this house and the country have hitherto foolishly conceived , have no such object ; but that the real object of them is in order to create a large expence . This is the discovery which it was reserved for the hon . gent . to make . The hon . gent . argues as if the order of proceeding in this house was this—First , to resolve to make our expenditure as large as possible , and then to frame our establishments accordingly . Hitherto , Sir , we have been taught to believe that our establishments were regulated according to the exigencies of the country , and that the grants of this house were governed by such establishments . But this view of the subject would not suit the hon . gentleman 's purpose ; and , in the whole of his argument , he has assumed that our present establishments were not necessary for any other purpose than that of adding to our expence . He has argued as if we were all agreed on this point , and as if the only difference of opinion would be whether they should or should not be kept up , for the sake of keeping up that expence . It is unnecessary , therefore , till we have settled this principle , to follow him into any further detail : —there is , however , one remaining point , on which I feel it necessary to correct a misrepresentation of the hon . gentleman . He stated the establishment of the commissariat department in Ireland to amount to no less a sum than 95,000l . whilst the whole expenditure was only 235,000l . The hon . gent. , with an air of triumph , asked of the house to consider what must be the character of such a department , in which 95,000l . was necessary in an establishment , in order to manage an expen- 1114 diture of 235,000l . Now , Sir , the hon . gent . must know , that the whole expence of this department , so far as relates to what is generally described under the head of Establishment , such as salaries , allowances , office rent , coals and candles , & c. does not exceed 20,000l . ; and that in the estimate from which he has taken his statement is included a corps of waggoners , amounting to 1050 horses , with their drivers , & c. necessary in Ireland for the delivery of the supplies to the troops both in quarters and in camp , the contractors there not undertaking for the deliveries , as is