the party 'who had made use of his name should be 'detected , or something of that kind.—'Did he decline seeing you ? No ; so far 'from that , his servant delivered to me 'his compliments , and desired that I would 'call at his house in Downing-street , and , 'if he was not there , go to the house of 'commons.—You have not seen him ? 'No , I have not.—And no appointment 'was made for seeing him in the note you 'received ? No ; but he requested I would 'lend my aid in order that the party who 'would be daring enough to make so im proper a use of his name ( I think that 'was the expression ) should be exposed.—'You could produce the note , if necessary ? 'Yes , certainly . ' Now , Sir , the observation I make upon this evidence is , by asking , was that declaration of the noble lord 's indignation on that occasion , a genuine , sincere , and honest declaration , or not ? All this took place after the former negotiation had been begun , continued , and broken off ; ( Hear ! hear ! ) and yet he affects upon this last occasion to be so indignant , that he desires the person 's name to be mentioned , in order that he might be detected . Is it possible that , under such circumstances , this house can give him credit for those feelings ? Can we suppose that he , who had been the guilty instrument in conducting negotiations of this nature formerly , was actuated by a sincere intention to expose and discountenance such a practice , otherwise than that he might thereby prevent his being exposed himself ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I have no doubt , that he would rather have exposed Mr. Reding , or Mr. Davis , than have incurred the danger of exposing himself ; and that it was the fear of detection , rather than a wish for the discovery of guilt , that prompted the noble lord to that conduct . I stand here in the correction of the noble lord and his friends around him , as to whether I am doing him an injustice in this statement . It is for them to say , if I am in error ; but I shall retract any part of this accusation , which the evidence does not warrant me in making . If it were improper for Mr. Davis , Mr. Reding , 215 or Mrs. Grove , to bring disrepute upon officers of government , who were they that were guilty of permitting that impropriety to exist ? I contend that when the noble lord 's jealousy and indignation appear to have been peculiarly excited , he had at that time done all in his power to effect a corrupt exchange of a writership for a seat in parliament ; for I can never admit that his delicacy in this instance , could have proceeded from any other feeling than the fear of detection . If it were really improper to couple his name with such a transaction , I trust that when it appears to have been actually so coupled , I shall find a justification in the eyes of the noble lord , and those around him , for bringing forward such a transaction to public notice , as is similar to that of which the noble lord himself says , the authors ought to have been exposed . The noble lord must acknowledge that I am right , or he must shew that this transaction was not of the same kind with that other one . What could be meant by those terms , that the party making use of his name , should be detected and exposed ? How were they to be exposed ? If detected , I suppose the noble lord , or his learned law friends , would have immediately instituted a prosecution against the person making use of his name ; and now I call upon