Company might prefer a claim , but there might be also a claim on the part of the public to meet it , and till the Indian regimental accounts were audited , it was impossible to say how the matter exactly stood . As to the practices respecting the troops , he had good reason to believe that the hon . gent . was mistaken . contended , that every paper ought to be laid on the table that tended to throw any light on the state of the India trade . He strongly objected to the notion , that the question was not to be discussed till the Company came to the house for a renewal of their charter . If no information was to be given till then , the private merchants would be left completely in the dark , and very hardly dealt by . observed , that he stated facts from unquestionable authority . The hon . chairman had said , that the Company was by law obliged to furnish only 3,000 tons of shipping . He had understood , however , they were obliged to furnish as much as the private merchant might find necessary to carry home his produce . He always understood that the quantity was to be regulated by the demand . The act on that point spoke for itself . He was surprised to hear the hon . chairman say , that the extra ships were only charged at the rate of 14l . per ton , at the very time 974 that he himself had stated them to have been carried away upon some political expedition . He denied having ever heard of the bargain with the government of Bengal , to which the hon . chairman had alluded , and remarked , that no reply had been attempted to his statement of the rates of freight , that had been ordered in 1807. afterwards , alluding to the circumstance he had mentioned on the former night , of the dismissal of Mr. Samuel Middleton , a servant of the Company , for being concerned in the trade of indigo , while the chairman of the Court of Directors ( Mr. Grant ) was allowed to bring that article home from India , in violation of the bye-law , that no Director should be concerned in any trading speculation , and considering what he conceived a partiality , as likely to produce an ill effect on the respect which ought to be kept up for all the transactions of the Company , moved `` That there be laid before the house a copy of the Oath of office taken by the Court of Directors ; the bye-laws of the Company , prohibiting any trade being carried on by any director ; the bye-law making an exception in favour of Mr. Grant ; and the Minutes of the Resolution of the governor and Council of Bengal on the subject . '' made a short explanation of the circumstance , as far as he was concerned , of the establishment of the trade in indigo , from India to this country , of which he was the original promoter , and in the manufacture of which he had embarked a very large capital . Upon his return from India , he had been elected into the office of Director , when no law existed against that board being concerned in trade ; afterwards , in 1795 , that law was enacted , and he upon that occasion stated his case to the Company , and the consequence was , that , upon two general courts it was agreed , that he did not come within the spirit of the regulation . If he were compelled to choose between his situation as director , and the giving up of his property , he should be compelled to elect the former . He , however , had no objection to the motion . saw no ground for the motion , as there was no charge against the hon . chairman : and , if there was , it did not come under the jurisdiction