counsel to that effect . said , that when the city of London expressed their wish to improve and beautify the metropolis , he felt a great desire to forward their views ; but he hoped they would not attempt such improvement at the expence of private property . He was willing to accede to the second reading of the bill , but would not pledge himself to approve of any 74 place which the committee might adopt . objected to the bill . If the evil were removed from one place , it was not unlikely it might become equally objectionable . A place had been named , which would seriously affect the Gray 's Inn Society . thought the city of London should point out the spot where they would remove the market , before they had his vote . He had no right to trust them , if they would not trust him . spoke in support of the Bill . He thought all the objections might be done away in the committee . A place in front of Gray 's Inn had been chosen , on a declivity particularly well suited for the purpose , from whence drains could be readily formed to carry off the dirt into the Fleet river . said , his objections went to the way in which the bill originated . It was introduced without the parties interested having notice of their intention , and was an injustice to those individuals . How was it to be remedied ? to be changed to some other place , where the people had notice of it ? But then it was said , their interests might be guarded by regulations . He thought it the wisest course to reject the bill altogether . The mode he conceived fittest for removing such an annoyance as this market , would be to appoint a committee of indifferent persons , who might lay down some plan , which could have the effect desired . He believed such an annoyance was not to be found in the heart of another city in the world . opposed the original motion . A worthy Alderman had said that the injury from driving the cattle might be prevented by putting up bars . He wondered he did not also provide against their making a noise . said , for his part , he really did not see how the worthy corporation could silence the beasts , unless in their wisdom they thought proper to send the city officers along with them . ( A laugh ) . It was pretty evident , from the silence of the hon . baronet , that the city did not intend to relinquish the objectionable spot of ground . When the offer was made him of empowering the committee to insert a clause , prohibiting the selection of this plat of ground , he did not offer to give his assent to it . But the gentlemen of the city thought they would rather benefit this spot of ground . `` Oh , such 75 embellishments as it would receive ! Such magnificent houses as they would build on it ! '' But for whom would they erect those buildings ; for the beasts ? Certainly no human beings could inhabit them ! Who could possibly wish to fix his residence were vast droves of cattle were continually parading , and where all the disgusting scenes and tumult incidental to such a market were constantly exhibited ? It was unjust then , in the first place , as it tended to the injury of private property ; and impolitic in the next , as it went to defile one of the handsomest parts of the city ; but then , says the Corporation , since you have such objections , we will relinquish this scite ; we will select another ; and how could he satisfy his conscience if he stood silently there content to ward off injustice from one part of the community , with the consciousness that it must fall upon another . He could not tolerate such an idea for a