, be no doubt the fatal event of the campaign in Spain , was in consequence of the interference of Mr. Frere with the conduct of sir John Moore . , after having adverted to the papers on the table , mentioned his having been absent for want of health ; and therefore he did not distinctly know whether any motion had been made , similar to the one he intended to propose . He now gave notice he should to-morrow move for a copy of all Instructions sent from his majesty 's government to Mr. Frere ; for it was of great importance to ascertain the powers possessed by Mr. Frere , which authorised him to controul the conduct of a commander . It was also mentioned that a particular person was the bearer of a message to Salamanca , yet his name was kept secret , and was omitted , by a blank in the printed papers . He could not conceive why this person should not be named ; but he would to-morrow move , unless he was previously informed , that it should be disclosed to the house . could assure the 71 noble lord , that no instructions were sent , which authorized Mr. Frere to controul the conduct of our military commander . The communication which took place , was merely consequent On our minister being the political agent of the directions given by the government of that country . With respect to the name of the person , noble lords would consider it might be attended with inconvenience and injury , if ministers were under the necessity of disclosing the names of persons officially employed ; and for that reason he did not feel warranted in naming the person alluded to . did not believe the noble earl would be successful in the first part of his motion , after he himself had said so much relative to the instructions sent to Mr. Frere . After all the papers which had been laid on the table , there was so much information kept back , that he declared it was not possible for the house to arrive at a correct judgment on the whole of the proceedings . There could be no inconvenience resulting from mentioning this person 's name , for it was already known it was no secret ; yet it was said , because a case might be inconvenient to name a particular person , the information was refused ; such language was unbecoming a secretary of state . observed , that it was known who the person alluded to was . He should abstain from mentioning his name , but it might be very material , under all the circumstances , to know who he was , whether a person sent from this country and attached to Mr. Frere 's suite , or a person employed there ; and whether he were a native of that country or a French officer . said a few words respecting the insufficiency of the Return relative to the Arms furnished to Portugal , it not stating what quantity of those sent had been received . supposed that all sent had been received . wished to know if it was the intention of ministers to make any motion respecting the Spanish Treaty ? answered in the negative . observed , that the house had been called upon on the first day of the session , to express their satisfaction , that such a Treaty had been concluded , and now it appeared they were not to have the opportunity of discussing its provisions . said , that the treaty not having been accompanied by a message from his majesty , it was not the usage for his majesty 's ministers to make any motion upon it , nor did they intend it , but it was open to any noble lord to bring forward any proposition on the subject . objected to the further progress of the bill , as tending materially to injure many , who had for a long time resided were the market now stands . It was rather singular