considerations , first examined separately , and then compared together , I have no hesitation in earnestly conjuring the house not to adopt the motion . The practice complained of has subsisted at all times , without any ground to suspect , or any suspicion being in fact entertained , that , according to the discovery now made , it has been sapping and undermining the constitution . The reasons in support of the measure now proposed for the abolition of it are perfectly unsatisfactory and inconclusive . We knew the mischievous use intended to be made of it ; and there can hardly indeed be any thing more mischievous in the first instance than the yielding to public clamour , what we do not feel that we are yielding to truth and reason . said , of two dangers he would prefer that which was most open and avowed . When Mr. Horne Tooke presented his petition to that house , the statements it contained were not credited , though now they were admitted to be true . He thought the house ought to take notice of practices , which , to whatever degree they might have existed , had never been till lately avowed . The right hon . 773 gent . ( Mr.Windham ) , thought corruption , unless it was such as rendered a man odious in society , ought not to be noticed ; he thought the law of the land ought to be equalized so as to meet such abuses , seeing those abuses could nut be considered as a part of the constitution . He thought it the duty of parliament to avail themselves of some of the provisions of that bill to satisfy the people , and put a stop to such abuses . said , the bill had been opposed because it did not sufficiently further a parliamentary reform on the one hand , and for a contrary reason on the other . If he gave 5,000l . among 10 voters , he would not be considered as qualified to sit in that house , but if he went to a broker and gave him the 5,000l . at once , he would procure him the necessary voles , and he would be considered as a good member . He did not see the propriety of such a distinction . The bill , he thought , if suffered to go into a committee , might be rendered efficacious in no inconsiderable a degree . He then spoke of the superiority of our Constitution as it was at present over every other ceuntry . This was strikingly exemplified in the tranquillity and security of England , at a period when Europe was groaning beneath the most tyrannous hand that ever swayed her destinies . The constitution had never approached so near to perfection as at the present day . The independence of the house had been strongly marked by their conduct with respect to the duke of York ( whatever might have been said to the contrary ) , as well as in the case of lord Melville . If they did not then deserve the name of the House of Commons , they never had merited that appellation . He censured severely the conduct of sir F. Burdett , in representing the late decision of the house of commons in the case of the duke of York , as he had done , and contended that the house had not virtually acquitted the duke . said , if the design of die noble lord who had just sat down was to prove himself an honest man , he might just as well have remained silent , for certain persons would never think either him or any one else so , who did not acquiesce in all the chimeras of the hon . baronet ( Hear ! hear ! ) . It was the design of him and his friends to excite such an opinion among the people ; and he believed , in his soul , it was also their wish not to have many supporters in that house , lest