'' It originally had his support , but that support he was reluctantly obliged to withdraw , being of opinion that under the all-blything hand of ministers , it soon lost its primitive purity and value ; for , by the enactments as they came out of the Committee , it had become a bill calculated to increase the very evil it professed to remedy , and very alarmingly to add to the already too preponderating influence of the crown in the house of commons . There surely must be something radically wrong at this moment , when members in their places have unblushingly 1068 declared , that seats in that house were procured by money . The avowal in other times of this practice would not have been tolerated ! At the present day it has been made , not only without compunction , but with such effrontery , as to have rendered this great and crying public scandal in itself sufficient to justify a unanimous call for reform . The right hon . gent . ( the Speaker ) , by his impressive and constitutional speech , had exerted himself to assert the dignity , and maintain the honour of the house . That speech should be entered on the journals , that , at a future period , when these debates shall be alluded to , the exposition of the statute law , and of the law of parliament , under the high authority of the Speaker of the house of commons , may appear on record as the fullest condemnation of this fraud on the constitution of parliament . Above all , it was impossible for him to consider the house of commons otherwise than most defectively composed , when he recollected that the seventh session since the Union had nearly closed , and no attempt made to render that measure beneficial to the Irish people , all inquiry into their condition having been obstinately , not to say systematically , repelled , and pledges the most solemn violated with a levity unexampled between nations ! never tolerated by man from man ! even the letter of the Union not respected ! What else was the `` Prohibition Bill '' than a direct infringement of one of the most positive and explicit provisions of that act ! Was Ireland thus treated because she happened to be the weaker party ? Had she not sufficiently suffered by the surrender of her national rights ? Was this embargo on the export of her spirits to England ( perhaps the only benefit , commercial or other , which she has derived from the Union ) intended as a foretaste of what she may yet expect ? On the whole , judging of the house by their late measures , by that which they have done , and by what they have failed in doing ; looking to the formidably preponderating influence of the crown in the house of commons , and in the country , he had no hesitation in repeating his opinion , that a reform of the house of commons had become a measure of absolute necessity , and one which he was convinced would not too soon be effected . said he should give his assent to the motion of the hon . baronet . But he wished to be understood by no means to pledge himself to support the 1069 particular plan suggested by the hon . mover in the course of his speech . He had been a constant friend to Parliamentary Reform . He voted for the motion which was brought forward in the year 1793 upon tile subject , and again in 1797 , and he certainly was of opinion that a reform in the representation was not less necessary at the present moment than it was at that period ; and he was satisfied the times were more favourable to the consideration of such a measure than at the periods alluded to . He thought it essentially necessary to give an assurance to the public , that the house would take the question into consideration early in the ensuing session .