the honourable member had read the information he communicated to the house , laid upon the table , in order that gentlemen might have an opportunity of ascertaining what the 497 information was . At present they could only collect it from what they could remember of the speech of the hon . gentleman ; and many members , who had come into the house since the hon . gentleman had concluded , could not possibly have any knowledge of the information it conveyed . He thought it right that before the house should come to a vote , they should know exactly what it was upon which they were to decide . The Precedent was then read by the Clerk at the table . stated that it would be convenient for the house to know whether it was the intention of the hon . mover to regulate his future proceedings by the precedent in the case of Mr. Samuel Shepherd . He wished that the two Resolutions subsequent to the information being given by a member in his place , should be read.—The two Resolutions were accordingly read : —the first , where a reference was made to the protest of Mr. Shepherd , as to his innocence , and the next as to the particular boroughs , viz . Newport and Wootton Basset , where he had been guilty of the corrupt practices , and the course pursued by the house in consequence.—From this precedent it did appear , resumed the Speaker , that after the member made the information to the house , a motion was made to hear the accused at the bar , previous to which hearing the particulars of the charge were ordered to be given to them in writing ; and , lastly , that a particular day should be fixed . said , he apprehended it would not have been consistent with the course of proceedings , had his hon . friend given in any written charge , and that therefore this being an oral charge , he could have no objection to leave out of the motion , now to be made , the naming any specific day , when it should be heard at the bar . We all knew , that in the late case relative to the Duke of York , the charge was orally made , and yet the house appointed a committee to inquire into the charge . As to the statement of his right hon . friend near him , ( Mr. Tierney ) that many of the members did not understand the nature of the charge , he had to observe , that it was always presumed that all members were in the house , and that the house collectively speaking was that body present at the time the charge was made , with the exception , that the individual charged must be necessarily present , particularly where an oral charge was made . 498 To remove all objections to the motion , he thought that the word 'now ' might be left out , so as to leave the day when evidence should be heard undetermined . . This is of the nature of a double question , the latter part presuming an affirmative of the former ; and therefore when it is said that the charge shall be taken into consideration upon a certain day , the hon . gent . takes it for granted that the charge shall be gone into . This would render the motion objectionable , but if so altered as has been suggested , I apprehend there can be no objection to the charge being entertained , and the first question upon an oral charge is certainly as to whether it shall be entertained or not . If it be determined that it should be entertained , it will then become a matter of justice that it should be put into so clear a shape , as that it may be delivered in writing to the members so charged ; and in order that the house may be enabled to know what they are to discuss upon