had been adopted . He knew an accomptant , who would undertake to make up the whole of the accounts of the office for the sum he had mentioned , and pledge himself not to suffer any arrear to accrue . After noticing the establishment of a second war-office in George-street , at an expence of five or six thousand pounds a year , the Volunteer Pay Office , which he stated not to be necessary , the honourable member concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before the house a return of all the Annual Regimental Accounts now in the War-office , specifying such as are settled , and such as are not ; also a return of all the annual regimental accounts which have been carried into warrant ; specifying how many in each year , and whether for cavalry , infantry , or militia regiments . '' did not mean to give any effectual opposition to this motion , at the same time that he trusted he should be able to persuade the hon . member to withdraw his motion . A commission had been appointed to examine and report upon this subject , and had already produced three reports ; the one of which , that related to the Accounts , had been drawn up with great ability and precision . The subject had been seriously taken up by his majesty 's ministers , who had frequent communications with the war-office , relative to some new arrangement . He could assure the hon . member , that his majesty 's ministers were equally with himself impressed with the necessity of a comprehensive and radical reform in the business 484 of the office . The Secretary at War then went into a detailed account of the steps which had been taken to remedy the grievance since his coming into office ; and concluded by observing , that as there could be no utility in pressing for the accounts at this moment , he hoped the honourable gentleman would give up his motion . agreed in the necessity of adopting some new system for the simplification of army accounts , for the excellent system introduced by Mr. Burke would be wholly ineffectual at this time ; for instance , a number of differences in the pay of the soldiery had been introduced depending on the local , or temporary prices of bread , or meat , at their respective quarters . Hence , it was not possible to go into a minute inquiry of the accounts , with any hope of an accurate result . said , that the only practicable mode for attaining accuracy in the accounts , was to simplify the mode of paying the soldiery . In investigating the cause of the arrears which had accrued , much would depend on considering the degree of zeal , integrity , diligence , and intelligence employed by the persons to whom the investigation was referred . During his own continuance in office , he was conscious that much of each was exerted ; and still the desirable result of bringing up those arrears could not be accomplished . The real cause of accumulation in those years was the great increase of the public force . Gentlemen who complained of these arrears seemed to forget not only the great increase of the regular army , but the addition of the Army of Reserve , the Supplemental Militia , the Volunteers , and Foreign Corps . The grist had exceeded the powers of the mill ; and to remedy that defect , there must be more mills and more millers . However , if the hon . gentleman who made the motion , could produce any effectual plan to remove the defect of which he complained , he would render a great public benefit . But he must allow him to doubt the practicability of such a plan , from what he himself had already experienced . thought that if the business of the army accounts was the private concern of an individual , there would be no more difficulty in avoiding arrears , and producing regular