every species of domestic or tame animal , might in many instances become ludicrous , and defeat the main object which the bill had in contemplation . could well recollect , that the measure now brought forward , was one which had engaged , to his knowledge , the attention of his noble and learned friend for these twenty years past , and which every man must allow , did infinite honour to his heart . He was anxious the bill should succeed , and he should therefore advise his noble and learned friend , to adopt the opinion of the noble and learned lord on the wool-sack , and to confine the measure , for the present , to beasts of draught or burthen . He should also beg leave to advise him , to new model his bill upon that suggestion , and in that hope to have it printed and re-committed . could not see the benefit to be derived from the bill . More cruelties would be committed on animals , upon the 1st of September next , than all those of which the bill professed to complain of , and correct . observed , that the species of animals , to which the noble lord who spoke last alluded , was different in every respect from that of which he solicited protection . As he was very anxious , that to some extent at least the bill might be allowed to operate , he should cheerfully adopt the suggestions of his noble and 808 learned friend , and shape the measure with the limitations he had advised . objected to it , on account of the discontent excited amongst able seamen , veterans in the service , by the deductions from their pay , first for their slops , and secondly for the allotments to their wives and children ; through which means it often happened , that at the end of a long voyage , for six or a dozen months , a seaman had not more than 40s , to receive ; and contrasting this with the case of militia soldiers , whose wives and children were provided for by their parishes , be thought it a hardship , and one which 810 was the frequent ground of complaint . At the very moment when such seamen were called on to set out for a subsequent voyage without a shilling in their pockets , they saw volunteers , inferior seamen , and even landmen , who had never served an hour , receiving large bounties for entering on board , and were often so piqued as to desert their ships . answered the objections of the hon . baronet , by saying the bill was adopted in compliance with the recommendation of the Committee of Naval Revision , and it was considered rather as an indulgence to seamen while fighting the battles of their country , with the admiration of all the world , to enable them to allot a part of their earnings for the maintenance of their wives and children , and save them the necessity of appealing to the parish . This bill extended the principle , and enabled them to allot part of their pay to their aged fathers , which , by law , they could not do before . The honourable admiral argued as if this allotment on the part of the seaman , were compulsory , whereas it was merely optional . said , that this bill might be very favourable to the parishes , but he did not conceive it would be favourable to the navy . He should not , however , divide the house upon it . The bill then went through a committee , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . rose . He felt himself under a difficulty as to the line of conduct he should adopt in this case . In one part of the vote he could agree , in the other he could not ; and he saw no way of extricating himself but by a step which he had taken once before , and