, he thought that they ought at least to get rid of the clause . argued in support of the clause as it stood . He did not think that any very serious danger could result from its operation , because the administration could not possibly have at their disposal places enough to barter for all the seats for boroughs ; but if they had , they could not do better than to give them to the friends of their opponents , and then they might get rid of them altogether . On the whole , he thought the particular wording of the clause absolutely necessary to the efficiency of the bill to its object ; because the great purpose for which it had been brought in was to prevent the wholesale disposal of seats in that house for money . thought the bill itself so nugatory , that he felt no interest for its success ; but he thought the zeal of the learned gentleman who spoke last had got the better of his prudence , as a member of the government . While he was arguing so strenuously against the amendment , he was always supposing such a corrupt state of things to exist , as absolutely made it necessary for something to be done . The whole effect which his speech had produced upon his mind was to make him think that the amendment against which he had argued ought to be adopted . He seemed to take for granted that the existence of administration was only to be preserved by corruption , which was precisely what this bill proposed to counteract . As to the distinction which had been taken between giving money and giving an office for the purpose of obtaining a seat , he was so far from agreeing with it that his opinion was directly on the other side . The learned gent . had said , that offices might be given innocently , but money never could , and the guilt must necessarily attach to the person giving 978 money . He would allow that giving money was now prohibited , and therefore it was illegal ; but if it was not that it was prohibited by law , he could not see how more guilt could attach to giving money , than to giving an office , or to any other species of corruption . He thought that of all species of corruption the giving of money was not only the least injurious , but the most innocent . If those boroughs must be still kept open for the purpose of traffic , it was the least mischievous mode of trafficking . He knew that it was a common saying , `` the man who buys supposes that he has a right to sell , '' but he also knew many instances of persons who purchased their seats with the intention of acting independently , and who did so act . A member who came in as representative of his own money might act independently if he would ; but those who were returned by the corruption of office , come into the house bound , as it were , hand and foot , and had not the power of acting independently . As to the pensioned parliament of Charles II . that had been so often thrown in the teeth of the Tory administration of those times , the excuse given was , that such was the modesty of those times , that many would accept a pension secretly , who would be ashamed to hold an office . In the present times it was also known , that many would accept a bribe when gilded with the name of an office , who would be ashamed to take a bribe in money . He , therefore , thought , that , of all manner of corruptions , corruption by offices was the worst and most dangerous . As to the influence of the crown , he always thought that the monopoly of the borough mongers was as injurious to the legitimate rights of the sovereign , as to the