, and how politic , to make an attack upon the French army before it should be reinforced ; and yet at the date of that letter , the French army had been increased to 113,000 men . Another reason assigned by that gentleman for the advance of sir John Moore was that France was always weak '' after a great effort . Was France weak after the battle of Marengo ? Was she weak after the great efforts made at the battles of Jena , of Vienna , of Ulm , of Austerlitz , or of Friedland ? What could be such a proof of existing strength and powerful resources as the means that had been sent forth by France to insure success , and for the achievement of these important victories ? Sentiments such as those expressed by that gentleman could not fail to remind one of the case of those who from being in the constant habit 146 of telling stories , came at length to believe them themselves . Mr. Frere seems to me to be one of those , who in this country make a practice of decrying every effort of France , and predicting the failure of all her projects . Before the battle of Marengo the defeat of Buonaparté was anticipated ; on the late coalition the downfall of his power was represented as certain in almost all the newspapers , not even excepting the Anti-Jacobin.—I come now to shew that the advance of the army from Salamanca was the work of this Mr. Frere . It will be in your lordships ' recollection , that the instructions from lord Castlereagh to sir John Moore , directed him to be guided in every thing respecting the Junta of government by , and to take all his information on that , and all the subjects concerning the state of Spain from , Mr. Frere : not however , that he was to submit to his communications as to commands , but to pay every attention to them short of what should be paid to commands . I wish your lordships to bear these instructions in mind , in order that you may be able to judge of the weight which the letter of Mr. Frere must have had in determining the conduct of sir John Moore . In this letter Mr. Frere recommended to sir John Moore to suspend his retreat for the present : for the present he said , because such was the spirit of the people , that , if they should be abandoned by the British army , he was convinced they would still accomplish their object . When Mr. Frere stated the determined spirit of the Spaniards—nay , when he went the length of alledging , that if that people were even left to themselves , he had no doubt of their ultimate success , he still urged sir John Moore to advance to their aid , adding , that such a movement was at that time of so much importance to the interests of Spain , and he was so certain of its happy result , that he would be ready to take the whole responsibility of it upon himself . To this strong , and , as it afterwards proved , false statement , was owing the change which took place in sir John Moore 's opinion on the 5th of December . This officer received another letter from the ambassador , stating that Castanos had an army of 40,000 men , which the Central Junta communicated their expectation of speedily augmenting to 75,000 . Therefore sir John Moore was exhorted to advance to place himself in a situation either to join the army mentioned by the Junta , or to attack the flanks of the French . Accompanying 147 these communications of false intelligence was a most improper letter from Mr. Frere , which deserved the strongest terms of reprobation ; which , by recommending the examination of the messenger who bore it before a council of war in the event of his not complying with the recommendation it contained , actually proposed to take out