proved to exist . But at present he only rose to do justice to himself and the magistrates of Dorchester , by giving a fair and candid statement of the circumstance which he had formerly mentioned relative to Mr. Gilbert Wakefield . He had been informed before , and had stated in the house , on the authority of most respectable men , that Mr. Gilbert Wakefield had made an improper use of the indulgence allowed , He had since inquired more particularly into the subject , and though he was as unwilling as any man to cast any imputation on the memory of that eminent scholar , or to hurt the feelings of his surviving relatives and friends , yet he must say that he had found that Mr. Wakefield made use of the indulgence shewn him to excite a spi- 185 rit of discontent among the other prisoners . The garden where he was permitted to walk was only separated from the space allotted to the other prisoners by a stockade , which did not prevent communication , and of this Mr. Wakefield had availed himself for the purpose mentioned . The present Petition was nothing more than a modification of what had been stated in the former petition . It now appeared that Mr. White was permitted to see his family for 48 hours in the week instead of 24 , as formerly stated , and that his wife slept with him every night , at least was allowed to do so . He ( Mr. C. ) and the other magistrates , did all they could , compatible with their duty as magistrates , to give Mr. White all the comforts that could be enjoyed by a person in his situation , and he must say , that they had a right to expect some appearance of gratitude instead of complaints . There was not in the country a gaol more comfortable than that of Dorchester . The room which Mr. White occupied was better than those which were generally assigned to officers in barracks . Mr. Calcraft also stated , that the magistrates of Dorset considered it as a great grievance to have persons sent to the gaol from distant quarters . The gaol was not built for that purpose , and they were put to a great ex pence by this practice , und also rendered subjects of obloquy . knew nothing of this matter except from the allegations of the Petitioner himself . He agreed with his hon . friend , that if there was an unnecessary severity in the case , and if the practices to which he adverted did actually prevail , that these were proper subjects for the consideration of the house . But the allegations in the Petition , as far as he could follow them , ( having however come into the house only when it was in the act of reading ) , amounted to no more than this , that a gaol was a gaol , and that punishment was punishment . He really always understood that confinement was punishment , and it appeared that this confinement was not unduly severe with regard to him . Mr. White said that walking in a circular space aggravated his disorder ; but he saw no reason why Mr. White should not square the circle if he pleased . But how came it that all Mr. White 's complaints about this confinement related solely to himself . Others were in as bad a situation as be was , and if there was any improper severity , the remedy ought to 186 apply to the whole . Mr. White appeared to treat in the most contumelious stile , those who were confined in the same goal , for breaches of the revenue laws , for non-payment of fines , and perhaps for debt ; thinking that he was very hardly dealt by in being put upon a level with such persons . Yet , while he indulged in these aristocratical feelings , it was to be recollected , that he was confined for a crime , of which he was