the hon . baronet not know that a Committee had been appointed to inquire into this very subject : that that Committee , had reported during the last session ; and that their Report had lain on the table from that time without any thing having been done upon it ? The house was now situated as to this subject much in a similar way to 552 that in which they stood with regard to the Slave Trade some years ago . The house did allow that trade to continue for years after they had evidence of the existence of the abuses practised in it . This knowledge , he was of opinion , added infinitely to the iniquity of the practice . On the same principle , he thought if the house , with the knowledge they now had of the evils attending lotteries , that they drove some persons into mad-houses , and others into prisons , allowed the practice to continue , the situation of things was very different from what it was before . His right hon . friend thought that he should be able to render lotteries infinitely less destructive than formerly , and to rob the system of all its evils . He believed the right hon . gent . expected that he would be able to accomplish this object . But he warned his right hon . friend , that whilst in so doing he thought he was limiting an evil , he was himself committing it , though to a smaller extent than it had formerly been practised . He was still to send some persons to Botany Bay , though they would be fewer in number than had formerly been sent on account of this practice . He was to send fewer persons to mad houses than had formerly been sent thither on account of lotteries ; but some he was still to continue to send . He ( sir S. Romilly ) had formerly attempted an improvement on the criminal law of the country . If the house could pass a law to do away temptations to commit crimes , that would be the most effectual mode of improving the criminal code ! But what were they now about to do ? —to pass a law to allow and encourage crime , by encouraging the temptation to commit it . The most active agents were employed to seduce persons to the commission of the crimes to which Lotteries gave birth ; and the most ingenious paragraphs were invented to further this purpose . He could point out paragraphs holding out lures to apprentice-boys to embark in this trade , and to begin with their Christmas Boxes , under the assurance that , by perseverance , they would soon ride in their coaches . Formerly these practices were confined to the metropolis ; now they were spread through every village in the kingdom . Yet , with all these evils increased and growing on the system , his right hon . friend held out that he would be able to render the practice less pernicious . The public would thus be put off their guard ; the system would speedily 553 return with all its pernicious effects ; and the eyes of the public would be blinded for a season , but the system would speedily revive . said , the subject had been discussed over and over again , and that the result had been uniformly in favour of Lotteries . alluded to the evidence of Mr. Wood , the Inspector of Lotteries , who , it now appeared , notwithstanding the abuses which existed , thought he had no duties to perform ; that his was merely a nominal appointment . He was resolved to make a stand some day or other against Lotteries altogether , and not to forget this man , who it appeared betrayed his duty to the public . considered the bills concerning Lotteries as libels on public morals , and as they were , sanctioned by government , all the sense he entertained of public morals amounted to complete nausea . objected to Lotteries