correspond with the expectation necessarily arising out of its admirable title and preamble . There are sentiments expressed in the preamble , which furnish good ground for a more noble superstructure . On that account , more than any other , it meets with my approbation ; and nothing would induce me to accede to the least alteration in that part of the bill . Those sentiments will pass into a statute , and become a part of the law of the land , from whence they never can be expunged . I am ready to admit , that the bill will do a great deal , but it does not do enough : and I would submit to your lordships ' consideration , how much more easy it will be to make the measure more efficient , than it will be to introduce another bill to amend this under the present discussion ? One word on the subject of Reform : It is in my opinion , very fit , that the monied interest should partake in the representation , and that all the variety of interests should have their due share in the legislature . in very strong and forcible terms , expressed his opposition to the bill . defended the bill , and contended that if the word `` express '' had not been introduced , it would have been scarcely possible to make even the most innocent use of the patronage of the crown , and it might even have happened under the bill , as it would then have stood , that persons might have been called upon to prove a negative . commented upon several parts of the bill , for the purpose of shewing the futility of its enactments as they now stood , particularly with respect to one of its professed objects , that of preventing the abuse of the patronage of the crown . There was not near the same moral guilt in trafficking seats for money , as in trafficking for them the patronage of the crown , and yet the difference in the enactments with respect to the two objects , was peculiarly marked . In the former case broad and general words were used , but in the latter , by inserting the word `` express '' it was scarcely possible that they could reach any case of abuse , unless where the parties were insane enough to make an express agreement . also condemned the bill as now worded , and contended that it was a mere trick and deception on the country . thought , that by enacting the principle of this bill , and recording it on the statute book , the best answer would be given to the violent reformers , as it would shew that an abuse was no sooner discovered than a remedy was applied ; and it was remarkable that those who were loudest in calling for reform , seemed to consider the measure in this point of view , as they opposed it the moment it was introduced . He could have wished that it had been rendered more efficient ; but he thought it of great importance to enact the principle , and from that other enactments might follow . contended , that there was a clear distinction between trafficking seats for money and using the patronage of the crown ; it being in the former case entirely gratuitous , whilst in the latter the patronage might be used with innocent and honourable motives , although in its effect it might have an influence in procuring a return . It was necessary , therefore , to guard against rendering criminal the innocent use of patronage ; and were it not for the insertion of the word `` express , '' it would scarcely be possible to use that patronage in any way without being liable to the charge of making an implied agreement with respect to some election . after a few observations , moved , 'That the word 'express , ' should be omitted . ' opposed the motion ; he said that if the implication was triable