of that house . The whole of it was , that the hon . 975 chairman having promoted a most important branch of commerce , was allowed to retain his property in it ; this was no circumstance to induce a supposition that he would act contrary to his duty as a director ; and it would be a bad reward for his past services , to deprive him and the Company of his future exertions . concurred in the same sentiments ; and said that the Company had a right to make what regulations and what exceptions they pleased . The case was this : Samuel Middleton , a judicial servant of the Company , had , as such , taken an oath he would not be concerned in any trade whatever ; in breach of which he had entered into a trade in the article of indigo ; for which he had been dismissed their service . Where , then , was the resemblance between his case and that of the hon . chairman ? He was decidedly against the motion . declared , he had taken an active part in promoting the bye-law , which excluded all concerned in trade from the directory ; if any one arraigned that , it should be in the India house , and not there . The fact was , the hon . chairman was not concerned in trading , but merely brought home the produce of his estate , like any other property . He advised the hon . mover to withdraw his motion , and apply himself to the India house , where he would find justice . in consequence of what had been stated , consented to withdraw his motion , which , after a few words from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who objected to it , as wishing it to be negatived , was agreed to without a division . moved , that the word `` express '' should be left out of that clause . The effect of leaving that term in the bill would be to augment the baneful influence of the crown in parliament , by throwing into the patronage of the Treasury all the boroughs of the kingdom . But the bill had been so mutilated in all its parts , and was so ill calculated to effect its professed objects , that although he might succeed in persuading the house to leave out the term to which he objected , he should still feel it his duty to vote against the bill . contended , that if the word objected to by the noble lord were to be left out , the clause would be monstrous , and no person who might be returned after a contested election , could have any security , if he had at any time within the preceding seven years procured an office for a friend , that it might or would not be charged upon him as having been obtained with a view to the election . He was therefore of opinion that the word should stand in the bill . thought that nothing could be more puerile , or preposterous , than the bill with this expression in the clause . He contended , that neither a jury , nor a committee of that house , on their oaths , would put any but the fair construction 977 upon such grants as those alluded to by the right hon . gentleman . It was , in fact , required of them in this instance , to give that confidence to ministers , which they were not to give to the courts of justice , or to committees of that house . If they should adopt the clause with this word in it , what would the country think of them , but that they gave not only a pre-emption but an exclusive right to the Treasury , and that , too , at a time when they professed it to be their object to do away the practice of disposing of seats altogether ? If they should not get rid of the word