at present to be presumed guilty ; for a crime too , which might possibly be of a most atrocious nature , while some of the debtors confined in the same gaol might be not only innocent , but meritorious persons , who had been ruined by the failures of others . It was curious to observe this sort of feeling breaking out in an advocate for liberty and equality , and he confessed , that his democratical blood , of which he hoped he had a proper share , began to boil with indignation to hear Mr. White complain so much of his own case , while he appeared to regard with so much indifference the situation of those who , as far as the house knew at present , had so much more reason to complain , provided there was any ground of complaint at all . This was the state of the case , even on Mr. White 's own shewing , when viewed comparatively . But what was it absolutely ? —It appeared that he was permitted to walk half an hour a day in the garden , accompanied by the gaoler . Could the gaoler spare half an hour a day to give the same indulgence to the other prisoners ? Mr. White , too , had the society of his wife and family during a considerable part of the week , and seemed , in every respect , to enjoy greater privileges than were enjoyed by his fellow-prisoners . Instead , however , of being grateful for this , he only indulged in complaints against his benefactors . If there were any ground of complaint at all , it was that he himself was treated with more indulgence than , in justice to others , he ought to be ; and , if there was any reason to find fault with the magistrates , it was that they did for him what they could not do for others . observed , that if the subject should be again brought forward , justice would be done to the officers of the courts . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) had stated certain practices , which , if they had existed , would unquestionably have deserved the severest censure . But on these points his hon . friend had been very much misinformed . He said , that he had been informed , that when a jury 187 found a verdict for the crown they received two guineas ; and only one guinea when they found a verdict for the subject . This , certainly , would have merited the severest reprehension . But the person who told him of the practice must have known that it did not now exist . It had prevailed once in the Exchequer ; but it had been discontinued almost before his memory . This the person who gave him the information must have known , for the same means that brought its previous existence to his knowledge , must have shown him that it did not exist now . His hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) must have asked the person who gave him the information , whether it now existed . His hon . friend must have said , that such things were not to be lightly stated before the house of commons ; and that before he stated them he must be well assured of the facts . He was satisfied his hon . friend thought these practices did exist , otherwise he would not have stated them ; but he must say , that he had been peculiarly ill informed . It was enough for him , however , to state , that the practice did not exist now ; and his worthy friend who preceded him in his office , would , he believed , be ready to say , that it had not existed in his time . He made these observations because he should be sorry that such a statement as this should pass uncontradicted . His hon . friend also said , that when jurors gave verdicts against