their lordships ' wisdom . argued in favour of the motion on various grounds , but rejected the opinion that the offence was much increased of later years . As to the expences of a suit , that must depend upon the circumstances of the particular case . His lordship reviewed and explained the law as it stood , respecting divorces . The intermarriage of the parties could not have been in contemplation when divorces à vinculo matrimonii were first granted . He stated the difference between such a divorce , and one merely à mensa et thoro , and noticed the circumstance of the bond entered into in such cases . He did not impugn the marriages that had occurred under such circumstances as divorces à vinculo matrimonii , but thought that the form of their lordships ' proceedings on such subjects required amendment . This was no undue stretch , since the house already demanded m the first instance , the proceedings of the ecclesiastical court , the examination of witnesses , and the verdict of a jury for damages . He admitted that there were cases which men of feeling and generosity would be inclined to relieve , but it was impossible to look at a legislative measure with such feelings . As legislators , what they were to do , was for the general benefit . thought nothing more likely to corrupt the female mind than the prospect held out of an after-marriage with the seducer . Punishment he considered intended entirely for prevention : and the sort of punishment proposed he thought necessary , for the sake of wives themselves , as well as for the happiness of families . He exposed the futility of any argument drawn from an anticipated difference of opinion in the house of commons , since , if that were admitted , it would go to prove the impracticability of two distinct and independent bodies carrying on the work of legislation . He thought the expences mentioned in a suit of this kind much larger than any circumstances seemed to warrant . On the present footing , it 334 was impossible for any limitation of such expences to bring relief to the lower classes of society . The present system was a wrong one . It proceeded entirely on the principle of granting a private favour by act of parliament ; and the man who could devise a good remedy for the inconveniences attending the present system , would confer a great benefit on the country . He supported the proposition with much force , but considered that more good was still to be accomplished . rose , he said , not to teach divinity to my lords the bishops , but chiefly to oppose the Lord Chancellor 's law . He declared that he would lay his lordship flat upon his back , and make him unsay what he had said about the intermarriages of the criminal parties , before he had done with him . His lordship had questioned the validity of those marriages . Why , then , were all the children bastards , and to lose their estates ? As for the people at Doctors'-Commons , they were the absurdest fellows in the world . What did they mean by a bond not to do that which they had no right to do ? As to pecuniary penalties , if the lawyers did not like to learn some law from him , he should give them a little from Mr. Dunning , who was a very good lawyer . He was once speaking to Mr. Dunning about pecuniary penalties for offences , and Mr. Dunning gave him a sort of definition of a pecuniary penalty . He told him that a pecuniary penalty was only the payment of a sum for doing that which was illegal . A man paid the penalty ( say 20,000l . ) , and then he had done no more than he had a right to in breaking the law . If the commons rejected the clause proposed to be inserted , would their lordships be so unjust as to refuse