from a Central Junta . The noble lord was correct with regard to the second promise he mentioned , that the assistance to Spain should be of the kind most agreeable to her wishes . This promise had certainly been given , and as certainly , most punctually and invariably observed . As for the third promise , that the operations of the campaign should be directed to British objects , here the noble lord was again wrong . In the statement he ( Mr. Canning ) had the honour to make to the house , he had declared on the part of his majesty 's government that the consideration of British interests would be postponed , and their only object would be to promote the interests of Spain ; that the wishes of Spain should be their rule of conduct ; and that of Spain the profit and advantage should be exclusively considered . ( Here lord Temple signified that this was his understanding of the point . ) —If that was the sense in which the noble lord understood the British interest was promised to be pursued , on what plea , then , could he now say that ministers had forfeited that interest at Ferrol ? — ( Hear , hear ! ) It was for Spain , not for the British government , to decide on that subject . These two things we were supposed to disclaim ; the separation of the colonies from the mother country was not to be thought of ; and we abjured the idea of stealing ships either under the pretence of placing them in safety , of restoring them to the lawful sovereign of Spain , of keeping them for the use of the Spanish people , or under any other ex- 469 cuse.—Having refreshed the recollection of the noble lord on both these points , he should proceed to consider the justice of the accusation made by the noble lord as connected with them . The sum of the noble lord 's observation was this , that his majesty 's government set out upon the principle of rescuing Spain from the oppression of France , and therefore that an indictment laid against them for not having brought away the fleet from Ferrol . He saw the view which the noble lord took of the subject . The noble lord would have been willing to have had all the varnish of generosity in the first instance , and ail the profits of the seizure in the last . In the first instance , the noble lord would have maintained the high character of the country ; in the last , he would have availed himself of the opportunity of pillage , when the interest of the country appeared to demand it . The noble lord having contended that it was bad to send an army to Spain , and that the conduct of that army in Spain was also bad , maintained , that it was worse not to aggravate the mischief which he had denounced by refraining from bringing away the Ferrol fleet . To have brought away this fleet might have been justifiable , had the behaviour of Great Britain towards Spain originated on other principles than those on which it did actually originate . It was perfectly true , that in the contest between Spain and her oppressor , Great Britain was not originally bound to defend the former . The British government might have said to the Spanish nation , on its application for assistance , `` No , you have been the vassals of France , you have filled the coffers of France , you have nerved the arm of France against Great Britain . We always told you that the time would come when in common with other nations of Europe you would be punished for your conduct ; and we rejoice that that period has arrived . What have you done to entitle you to our aid ? We have a right to take an advantage of your destruction ; and while France is shaking you to dissolution , we have a right