that at which lam now speaking , the Expenditure of Great Britain , during the War , from 1793 ( exclusively of Ireland ) will have exceeded a Thousand Millions sterling , a sum , at first sight , sufficient to impress us with astonishment and apprehension . But , when we consider that , this Expenditure has been the means , under Providence , of saving us from the calamities which have overwhelmed the rest of Europe , we shall cease to regret its amount however enormous , and , as we look into particulars , our feelings will be changed into admiration of the spirit and the resources of the country . It will be seen that , in proportion to the pressure of continued warfare , the exertions of the Nation increased , and its means appeared to expand ; and that they have been applied with much greater vigour in the latter period of the War , nainely , since its renewal , than in the former . Of about 503 millions , which were expended previously to the Peace of Amiens , ( including the whole of the year 1802 , ) about 273 millions were raised either by the Ordinary Revenue or by Extraordinary Taxes within the year , and about 230 millions by additions either to the Funded or Unfunded Debt . In the six years since the renewal of hostilities , ending with the 5th of January last , about 396 millions have been expended , of 1140 which upwards of 311 have been raised within the year and less than 85 millions by additions of debt . In the first period almost one-half was borrowed ; in the second less than One-fourth . The progress of these exertions , to meet the heavy charges of protracted war , without entailing burdens upon posterity , will more distinctly appear by reference to the Resolution ( No . 16 . ) in which I hate shewn the actual produce of the Taxes imposed in each year from 1793 . In the commencement of the War , while public credit was still flourishing , nothing further was attempted than to provide for the Loan of each year , by the imposition of Taxes sufficient to furnish its Interest , and a Sinking Fund of one per cent , according to the regulations of the Act of 1792 , and not exceeding 12 or 1,300,000l . in any year . But expences continued to accumulate , and difficulties to multiply from year to year , till , in 1797 , the financial situation of the Country became truly alarming . The Unfunded Debt had increased to such a degree as to become subject to a heavy discount ; the funds had sunk so low that a loan could only be procured on terms of usurious interest ; the disposable capital of the country seemed unequal to the increasing demands of the Government ; and even the credit of the Bank was seriously shaken . Under these alarming circumstances , it became necessary to create upwards of 70 millions of additional capital , and to provide for an annual charge of upwards of three million 's within the year . Such a charge required the imposition of new Taxes equal to one-fifth of all the permanent Taxes ' then existing . It was apparent that such a course could not be long pursued without risking the total ruin of public credit , and exhausting the resources of the Nation by an accumulation of new Taxes , so rapid as to render the old ones unproductive . Mr. Pitt was alarmed , but not dispirited ; and he determined to meet the urgency of the crisis with a corresponding exertion . He proposed to parliament , in 1798 , to raise , by extraordinary means within the year , such a sum as might reduce the Loan to a moderate amount . The means chosen , were the Voluntary Contribution and the Aid and Contribution Act , commonly called the Triple Assessment , a measure which proved very burdensome , and was in many respects injudiciously contrived