is also 1,500,000l . in arrear of debt due by the public to the East India Company , for services performed by them in former years ; and about 3,000,000l . of pecuniary aid to our allies , of which 1,200,000l . was sent to the king of Sweden , under the sanction of Parliament , and the remainder to aid the patriotic efforts of the Spaniards , with the concurrence and approbation of every man in the kingdom . I must leave to the house and to the public to judge , whether any of those branches of expenditure could have been abridged , consistent with justice or sound policy ; and will now proceed to the plan of the hon . gent . His first proposal was to disband the two regiments of Life Guards . They are represented by the hon . gent , to be totally unnecessary ; but I think when the house considers not Only that these corps are connected with the splendour of the throne , and are called upon to attend upon the sovereign whenever he visits any public place in the metropolis , but that their services are required on all occasions of public ceremony , and are essential for the preservation of public tranquillity and good order , they will not be disposed to allow the hon . gent . to take credit for this pre 1109 posed saving . Indeed it must be obvious that if these two corps were reduced , other corps of cavalry , at least to the same extent , would be requisite for the service and police of London , and the utmost saving , therefore , that could be effected by the sacrifice of the other considerations to which I have referred , would be , the paltry difference between the pay of the life guards and that of cavalry of the line . The next saving is of a more extensive and sweeping nature . The hon . gent . proposes to reduce the cavalry at once to fifteen thousand men . Unquestionably , sir , if fifteen thousand men be a sufficient body of cavalry for this country to maintain , all above that number should be reduced ; but the hon . gent , assumes the fact ; and , if we are prepared , upon the mere ipse dixit of that hon . gent. , to disband nearly one-half of our cavalry , the saving must follow as a matter of course . This is no wonderful discovery . But is the house prepared to act upon the bare assertion of the hon . gent. , and to allow his authority upon this great military question , unsupported by any statement or argument whatever , unaccompanied with any comparative view of the proportion which the cavalry of an army like ours ought to bear to its infantry , to outweigh the opinions of all the great military characters who have been constituted upon this subject , and the judgment of the house itself ? Indeed , sir , the time which the hon . gent . has chosen for proposing this reduction is somewhat singular . It is precisely at a moment when a considerable proportion of our cavalry is distinguishing itself upon foreign service , when we are called upon , from all quarters , to send a much larger corps to co-operate with our allies , and when our decisive superiority in this description of force has recently been so strongly marked and acknowledged by our own generals , and felt by our enemies . This is the period of the war which the hon . gent . selects in order to bring forward a proposal to get rid of nearly one-half of the cavalry . To the Foreign Corps , his next head of retrenchment , he shews still less of his indulgence . They must be swept away altogether . He has talked of them as a description of men not to be tolerated , whose existence as a military corps is a disgrace to the country , and whose conduct on service has shewn