why he did not introduce them was , that , in examining the statute book , he could not observe them included in any oath which went into detail . supported the necessity of an oath , and the propriety of attaching penalties to it . He thought the amended oath proposed much less applicable than the original one . contended for the original oath ; he denied that the amended oath could be taken by any member , because it made a man swear that he had not been returned by the expenditure of any sum of money ; this was impossible , because legal expences might be included under it . He did not think the penalties of perjury should now , for the first time , be introduced into an oath of detail . asked what situation a member would be in , who , after he had taken the oath , should be declared to have been guilty of bribery by a committee of the house ? Would not this go a great way to convict him of perjury ? said , that the people of England would think the person who could not take this oath guilty of bribery ; and that the legal expenses between which and bribery the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) could not distinguish , were such as a man might be arrested for if he did not pay . said , that if the hon . baronet 905 were to open all the houses in the Borough , he might be arrested for the reckonings . said he had never done so , and should not , although the right hon . gent . had set him the example ( Hear , hear ! ) . said , he had stated , when he was indulged with the hearing of the Committee on a former occasion , his wish for a proper oath , and his coincidence in the opinion of sir William Blackstone ; but he , at the same time , stated , that the oath was not indispensable , and , if there was much diversity of opinion on the subject , it would be better not to insist upon it . It was of so much importance to obtain the recognition of the house to a bill with the principles of the present , that he should be sorry to lay this , or any other difficulty in the way that might endanger its passage through the house . thought , that if the words `` contrary to the meaning of this act , '' were inserted , and the penalties of perjury forborn , the objections to the oath would be removed . begged to state an amendment he should propose when the present was disposed of , to the effect that the member had not , nor had any person for him purchased his seat . objected to any oath referential to an act of parliament . rose to make some observations , which , from a regard to the convenience of others , he had reluctantly deferred till the present stage of the bill.—It had indeed , he said , been painful to him to refrain so long from expressing the feelings of astonishment and alarm with which he contemplated the enormous amount of our expenditure , and the delusive and improvident means by 906 which it was to be defrayed . The amount , exceeding by about five millions that of the last year , and by more than nine millions that of the year 1807 , far surpassed whatever the exaggerations of the timid , or the factious , had at any period foreboded ; and the means of defraying it by taking one million from the war taxes for the purpose of supplying the interest of the loan , were directly at variance with the system of financial policy adopted by parliament at the renewal of the war , and most injurious in their tendency to the future prospects of the country.—The contest , in which we were engaged , was evidently one of indefinite duration