many sinecures of that description existed , but he was confident that many offices were sold that did not belong to the courts of justice to dispose of . The Third Report of the Finance Committee contained a recommendation to abolish sinecures in the courts of law . The Committee of Finance in 1797 , had also recommended the abolition of such places , the profits of which were then estimated at 26,000l . By the late Report , it appeared that the amount of these profits had since doubled . There might , perhaps , be room for further inquiry before any legislative measures should be enacted ; but when it appeared that the profits of such places amounted to no less a sum than 52,000l . it was his opinion that this sum would afford a very ample fund to remunerate those whose property might be injured by taking away the right of selling judicial offices . stated , that there were many inaccuracies in the estimates of the Committee , and instanced one office , which they had sat down as one having 2,500l . profits , when the actual profits did not exceed 500l . admitted , that some inaccuracies might have existed in the Report , which the committee was at present engaged in examining with a view to their correction , but still declared , that the gross amount of the profits of such places was such as he had stated . thought , that not only the interests of the judges should be protected , but also the interests of other persons who held offices for life , and now exercising the right of selling offices in their departments ; which right , he was of opinion , ought not to be suffered to continue . Nothing would more effectually contribute to make the public submit cheerfully to the burthens that were necessary , than that they should see that every saving of the public expenditure that was possible was resorted to . The house then resolved itself into a Committee upon the bill , Mr. Wharton in the chair.—On the first clause for extending the operation of the Bill to all officers 271 in England and Ireland , an amendment was proposed by lord Folkestone , to insert , the words `` and in any part of his majesty 's dominions or plantations . '' The Chancellor of the Exchequer replied , that the object of the noble lord was secured by words to the same effect in a subsequent part of the clause . Mr. Maxwell , in seconding lord Folkestone 's amendment , proposed that the operation of the bill should extend to the sale of sheriff 's clerkships , and offices under the keeper of the , signet in Scotland . To which the Chancellor of the Exchequer answered , that the bill would extend , as worded , to all offices not legally sold in Scotland , and if the offices alluded to were of that description they would be included within the operation of the bill.—After a few words from Mr. Horner , stating that judicial offices were not enumerated in the bill , and a reply from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that they were enumerated in the act of Edward VI . which was to be affirmed by this bill , the clause was agreed to without the amendment ; and on the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the office of Treasurer of the Navy , which had been inadvertently omitted , inserted in the clause.—In the clause extending the operation of the bill to all offices , civil and military , the word `` naval '' was introduced on the motion of lord Folkestone.—A long discussion took place upon an amendment proposed by lord Folkestone to insert the words , `` and all offices in the East Indies , '' which terminated in the adoption of the amendment , restricting it to offices in the appointment of the governor-general . Lord Folkestone proposed , for the purpose of obtaining evidence , to give a reward to the informer , and