till the 14th of November , however , that the noble lord began to recollect himself in his office in Downing-street , that something like a plan was necessary . He then wrote to sir John Moore on the necessity of adopting a plan from the situation in which he would then find himself , but yet without suggesting any thing as to the amount and situation of the Spanish armies with which sir J. Moore was directed to act . The only plan suggested by the noble lord was , that if he ( sir J. Moore ) found the Spanish armies headed by one individual , he should place himself under his command , and on the contrary , if under the command of many , he should act in concert with the officers commanding the armies in his neighbourhood . In this communication of the noble lord , the most important part was that which required sir J. Moore to place himself under the commander who might then be entrusted with the conduct of the Spanish armies.—There were many instances on record of British troops serving under foreign officers ; their names , however , were always 448 known before-hand , and they were well ascertained previously to be men of established reputation . He was prepared to admit too , that there were still in Europe many foreign officers , under whom a British army might be safely and successfully employed . But this was the first instance of a British army being sent on a foreign service , and ordered to be put under the command of any person , whoever he might be , who should chance to be at the head of a foreign army . It would be fresh in the recollection of hon . gentlemen , that in the administration of Mr. Addington , when a charge had been made against ministers of having not done sufficient for Portugal at that period , it was answered by the present lord Liverpool , that the Portuguese would not in the first instance agree to put themselves under an officer even of known abilities ; and this answer was received by the opposition as a sufficient excuse . The instruction therefore given by the noble lord to sir John Moore , to place himself under the command of any general that might be appointed to the command in chief of the Spanish armies , though he was only to act in concert and communication with the Spanish generals if they commanded separately , was a most extraordinary measure . The times of revolution usually raised up men to such stations who were often not competent to fill them . It was by such a popular impulse that Castanos had been removed from the head of the army in order to appoint the duke del Infantado ; and Don Palafox raised to the command in chief in Arragon . The merit of these two illustrious individuals did not alter the nature of the case . Had fortune been as blind as the noble lord , it was unknown into what dangers this instruction might have led sir J. Moore . Morla was then in the government of Spain , and might with as much facility be placed at the head of its armies . Had he been so , and had he peremptorily ordered the advance of sir J. Moore to Madrid , sir J. Moore could not , without violating his directions , and being guilty of insubordination , refuse to comply with those orders from a person whose object was evidently not to save , but to sell the interests of his country . Were such to have been the case , sir John Moore with his army , would infallibly have fallen into the snares of the enemy by pursuing the instructions given him by the noble lord . Under these circumstances , sir J. Moore found himself at 449 Salamanca.—He now came to that part of the scene in which Mr. Frere cut a conspicuous figure . He hoped the country would now be enabled fairly to appreciate the services