On another ground , I thought the opportunity peculiarly favourable for the proceeding I now propose . It is now three years since the House has been called upon to take that review of the Finance and Commerce of the Country , which , for a considerable period preceding , had been almost an annual custom ; and it has happened that those three years have been marked by circumstances which render such a review particularly interesting . All the efforts of our enemy have during this period been directed , with greater violence and pertinacity than ever , and with a vast accession of power , to the destruction of the British Commerce , and with it of our resources and means of resistance . In addition to that exclusion from the Continent , which the united powers of France and Russia seemed to render almost total and absolute , we have also found ourselves , in a great degree , excluded from the Western Hemisphere by the American Embargo , a measure , which , however professedly grounded on defensive principles , had with respect to our trade , the effect of direct hostility ; and which not only deprived us of a principal branch of our direct trade , but suddenly cut off great part of the means of indirect communication with other countries which we before possessed . Under circumstances so unfavourable , it will be a matter of surprise as well as congratulation , that our Commerce should not have suffered in a greater degree than appears to have been the case . 1134 With this part of the subject , I shall begin the Statement of the Resolutions I am about to propose ; not , however , meaning to trouble the House with a detail of figures , which will be best examined at leisure , but to point out a few of the most striking and important circumstances . I have , in general , adhered to the form of the Resolutions agreed to by the House in 1806 ; not that I think it in all respects the best , but , because it has been sanctioned by practice , and will be most convenient for comparison with former years . I have , however , introduced two considerable additions . First , I have attempted a statement of the Finance and Commerce of Ireland , which has hitherto been wanting , but appears to me necessary to complete our view of the situation of the United Kingdom ; and I have endeavoured to form a general retrospective Estimate of the Expences of the whole war , and the means by which they have been defrayed , the purpose of which Estimate I shall presently explain . Beginning as I proposed , with the state of Trade , I observe , that the Official Value of all Imports is to Great Britain in the year 1802 was 31,442,318l. , and in the year 1808 , 27,188,025l . shewing a diminution of about 4,300,000l . : but it must be recollected that the year 1802 was a year of peace , and marked by an extent of trade , which no other year , either previous or subsequent , has ever equalled . An average of 6 years presents a more favourable view . On an average of 6 years , ending with 1802 , the Imports of Great Britain were 28,419,626l , and on a like average ending with 1808 , 28,735,862l. , shewing not a diminution but an actual , though small , increase in the latter period . The Official Value of British Manufactures Exported in 1802 , was 26,993,129l. , and in 1808 , 26,692,288l . ; so that all the mighty efforts directed against our Commerce , might , in this view , be considered as nearly unavailing . But upon a comparison of real values they will appear to have produced some effect ; though an effect greatly disproportionate to the magnitude of the means employed , and to the privations and sacrifices , which their employment has inflicted on the subjects , and allies of