, in such a state of uncertainty , should be bold enough to come forward as their securities . It must be known , or are the parties to give up their newspapers , or never to write a line respecting courts of justice , because if either true or false , they may be come upon for their security , if it can not be exactly stated what will amount to a forfeiture of the recognizance . I humbly contend that even in this view of the case , this part of the sentence is illegal , unconstitutional , and void.—In another point of view , my lords , this part of the sentence is equally liable to uncertainty and doubt . Suppose that they can not get the security required , are they to undergo five year imprisonment in addition , and then to be liberated ? No such thing ; as the sentence stands at present , they may be imprisoned to the end of their lives , and in places far distant from their families , their friends and their connections ! Such a Judgment , my lords , is , I contend , unusual , oppressive , contrary to the Bill of Rights , and therefore contrary to law ! Before I conclude , I beg leave shortly to recapitulate what I have submitted to your lordships consideration . I have stated the conduct of courts of law in former times , with respect to cases similar to that before us , and the principles which governed that conduct . I have stated a case from which the court of King 's Bench doubted , or decided negatively , as lo its own powers with respect to confining persons in distant gaols . I have shewn that upon all occasions there have been some particular grounds or special reasons assigned , for a departure from what was known to be a general principle of law , in those instances where such modes of punishment were awarded by the courts . Even so late as the year 1723 , doubts were entertained by the judges and lawyers upon these points ; I have shewn the difficulties under which king James the second struggled , in order to carry a sentence into execution according to his wish , so much that he was 595 obliged to displace the judges of the court , and appoint new ones , creatures of his own ! In the reign of king Charles the first , that prince himself protested against the arbitrary and unconstitutional power assumed by parliament in punishing his subjects in the way now complained of . Such my lords , were the ideas which so long prevailed in the country upon these points ; such was the conduct of the judges , even in the reigns of the Stuarts , when , if it was found impossible to give such a mortal stab to the liberties of the people , I am sure that under the influence of that family which came to restore and to secure to us those blessings of which the Stuarts in vain attempted to rob us ; under the reign of the monarch who now adorns the throne , whom this house and the country look up to as their last and best guidance and support ; that upon all such occasions this high and honourable court will oppose the assumption of a power contrary to law , and hostile to the best principles of the constitution . . I now come to trouble your lordships , and to assure you that the Judgment , in support of which I appear , does not deserve the hard names bestowed upon it , such as were never before used in a court of justice—of cruel , oppressive , and unusual . In good truth , my lords , I believe there could be no reason for bestowing these epithets upon the Judgment , except the knowledge that it was impossible for your lordships to enter into the considerations upon which the court pronounced that Judgment , and measured the punishment it should inflict