per cent , on the whole sum raised both by Loan and War Taxes . The saving at that time can not be wholly ascribed to the War Taxes , because the Act for redeeming the Land Tax had then undoubtedly a considerable , operation . But it seems not unfair to ascribe an equal effect to the present War Taxes , which so much exceed the former in amount . If this supposition be admitted as just , we must add to the former estimate of saving ( including the present year ) above seventy millions of Capital , and four millions two hundred thousand pounds Permanent Charge , making together a saving already effected and annually increasing , of two hundred and twenty six millions of Capital and above twelve millions of Permanent Charge . And to this again is to be added the sum saved before the Peace of Amiens , the charge of which we should otherwise be now supporting . Such , Sir , have been the effects of the system which the Chancellor of the Exchequer has this year forsaken and impaired . A system sanctioned by general approba- 1149 tion , and proved by experience to be solid , wise and œconomical . It has indeed required many sacrifices , and may require more : but it is a most dangerous delusion , to expect to perform great achievements without making great exertions . If we can not reduce our expences to our Income we must raise our Income in proportion to our Expences . I am willing to give credit to the Right Honourable Gentleman for readiness to effect every practicable and prudent retrenchment ; and I trust still more to the disposition of Parliament and of the Public to enforce it . But what more is wanting , and much more , I fear , must be wanting , we must be prepared to furnish ; and it has been my wish , in what I have said , to strengthen the hands of Government ( so far as my arguments or opinions could have any force ) and to facilitate its resuming the wise , the secure , and honourable course hitherto pursued . It would be easy to add much on so copious a subject , but the facts I have brought forward , if supported by the recorded opinion of the House , will have far more weight than any thing I could urge : and I consider the Right Honourable Gentleman 's assent to them as a favourable omen that , notwithstanding his recent conduct , I shall not ultimately find reason to accuse him of having dilapidated the Resources and impaired the security of the State.— concluded by moving the first of the following Resolutions . upon the main view of the subject , agreed with the right hon . gent , in his Resolutions , and had no doubt but our resources , notwithstanding all the difficulties under , which we had been placed , were fully adequate to every exertion we should be called upon to make for the honour , defence and independence of the Country . The preceding Resolutions were then read from the chair , and agreed to . presented a Petition from Becher Westropp Atkins , late Barrack Master in Sandown bay division , Isle of Wight ; setting forth , `` That the Petitioner served his majesty as lieutenant in the 27th regiment of infantry in the West Indies , during the years 1797 and 1798 , under the command of the late general sir Ralph Abercombie , who conferred upon him an ensigncy in that regiment ; and he was afterwards appointed a barrack master in the Isle of Wight , ; and that , in the execution of his various duties in that capacity , the petitioner was struck with the existence of certain abuses , by means of which great sums of the public money were improvidently expended ; and in December 1805 he submitted to the then Secretary at War a plan evidently calculated to effect great savings to the barrack department , and that