put and negatived without a division . rose for the purpose of stating to the house , hat when he first moved for the Papers new on the table relative to colonel Ogle 's Levy , he had applied to the conduct of that gentleman some strong terms ; among others , that he had been guilty of perjury , fraud , and forgery . Since then he , from further inquiry , found that he was in error , and that no such serious charge was attributable to colonel Ogle . He 353 therefore felt it his duty to declare to the house the error he had fallen into , particularly as colonel Ogle had expressed a very anxious desire that such an explanation should take place where the charge had originated . As to the remainder of what he had stated , he did not mean now to retract . He concluded by moving for the copy of a Letter from Mr. Merry of the War Office to Mr. Humphreys , dated 4th October , 1808 , respecting colonel Ogle 's levy.—This paper was accordingly granted . rose and spoke as follows : Mr. speaker ; the question of which I have given notice , and am now called on to submit to the consideration of the house , is as important as any recently brought under their consideration . It is not without the deepest regret I feel myself compelled to advert to the existence of practices derogatory to the honour and reputation of this branch of the legislature . I shall not disguise my full conviction that heavy responsibility attaches to the agitating unnecessarily , at such a crisis , measures by which the feelings of the people may be still more irritated : when I consider the dangers and difficulties to which the country is exposed , I am ready likewise to admit that the present moment , if the choice was open to us , would be the least proper for such an investigation . In common with other gentlemen , I feel it to be the bounden duty of us all , whatever may be our political sentiments , to promote union , and give efficacy to every measure calculated for the general safety and defence of the country . With this declaration of my sentiments , I feel that I am bound to make out such a case as shall show that greater danger may arise from neglecting to discuss the questions proposed to be laid before the house , than can arise from their discussion . Is it policy , or wisdom , nay is it possible for us , to be inattentive or passive spectators of what is passing amongst our fellow subjects ? Can that be termed magnanimity which disregards the voice of the people resounding from every quarter of the empire ? Are not the interests of the nation deeply involved in the estimation and respect in which this house stands with the people ? Could there be a greater misfortune to the country than the loss of confidence in the commons ? To us , then , are attributed the corruption , the prodigality , and waste of public money : we are 354 charged in participating in it : the defects in our representation are pointed at as the source of all these evils ; and we are called on to reform these abuses.—If these charges be false and unfounded , ought we not to refute them ? If true ; ought they not to be corrected ? Lee us act betimes , whilst we have yet the power of fixing the time and the degree to which regulation ought to extend . If abuses have crept in amongst us ; and in truth , they are too notorious and self-evident to be denied ; let us proceed gravely and dispassionately to examine their origin and nature , and to apply effectual remedies . Whatever we now do , will be received by the country as a boon ; and may restore unanimity . Wide as the field is , I promise the house not to