it from the period of its being first incurred the means of its own ultimate redemption . But as Exchequer Bills were then considered in the light of mere temporary anticipations , the Act was not extended to them , but applied to the Funded Debt only . It has , however , been found convenient , in the course of the late and the present war , to raise large sums on that species of security without any effectual provision for their repayment , but with a view of keeping them afloat by annual renewals till the return of Peace , or , some other opportunity of funding them on favourable terms . I am willing to admit that this proceeding , if managed with caution and discretion , may be found ultimately œconomical , and in the case of the late advances from the Bank without interest it was undoubtedly the duty of the Right Honourable Gentlemen to avail himself of so favourable an arrangement ; which we owe to the talents and assiduity of the Committee on Finance . In consequence , however , of this mode of proceeding , large additions have been made to the permanent debt , which have continued for many years without any provision for their redemption . As an example , I may mention the advance from the Bank in 1798 , and that in 1800 , on the renewal of the Charter , although these are by no means the earliest instances . I impute no blame to the Right Honourable Gentleman for this omission with 1137 respect to the additions which he has made , and which will in the last and the present year amount to no less than eight millions . He has only followed the example of all his predecessors , and of Mr. Pitt himself . But I think it high time to apply a remedy to this evil ; and for that purpose I beg leave to suggest to him and to the House two modes of proceeding , for their consideration previously to the next session . The first would be by insertion in every Act for raising money on Exchequer Bills , unless charged upon a fund capable of effectually repaying them within three years , a clause appropriating an annual payment of one per cent , on their amount from the Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt . The other ( and I think the simpler and more convenient ) course would be , to vote annually in the Committee of Supply an additional sum to be applied by those Commissioners equal at least to one per cent , on the amount of all Exchequer Bills outstanding and unprovided for on the 5th of January proceeding . In either case doubts might sometimes occur as to the particular sums to which the regulation would apply , but they would be of no consequence , if the House concur with me in thinking it would be safe and wise to give such a regulation the most liberal interpretation . I shall not trouble the House by referring to any other Resolution , till we come to that which respects the Expenditure of the present year ; and it can not but excite anxiety and alarm to observe that the Expences to be provided for by Great Britain , exclusively of Ireland , exceed eighty-three millions . Enormous as this sum must appear , I believe the Funds provided for its payment will prove sufficient ; and I am not disposed at this time to question the propriety of services , to which Parliament has recently given its approbation . I wish not to starve any service , nor to check any judicious exertion of our forces , but to warn the House that , in the too probable event of a long continuance of the contest , though we may repel hostility and defy invasion , the growing amount of oar expences may exhaust our means , and lay us at the mercy of the Enemy . To one article only of those expences I am