been acknowledged lately , and if they still suffered and tolerated them , after they had been published to the world , could they not see what an effect must be produced upon the morals of the people at large ? Sure he was , that in the times , and under the circumstances in which they lived , they should consider well before they gave their sanction to such abuses . It constituted one of the multitude of blessings enjoyed in this most happy country , and under this constitution , so speculatively and practically beneficial , that free discussion was permitted , the liberty of the press established , and the means of political information generally diffused . But this blessing , at the same time that it was such a source of pride , should also be a source of caution ; it should make them careful to correct those faults , which , though they might not be injurious in other countries , must be peculiarly so in this , from the rapidity with which they were circulated , and the freedom with which they were discussed . As Gulliver saw blemishes in the most beautiful females of Brobdignag , so public affairs were here regarded with a microscopic eye , and the slightest defects perceived . These abuses could not with 735 safety be allowed to continue . It was the opinion of a great man , now no more , that a moderate reform was particularly desirable , in order to separate the more temperate of its advocates from the more violent . This was very expedient at present . With regard to the Oath , the hon . baronet had not observed that the transgression here was to be punished as perjury , while there was no punishment for the violation of the qualification oath . He thought his hon . friend ( Mr. Giddy ) was too refined in his reasoning . He did not deny that some influence might be properly exercised ; but the nearer you approached to that state in which all would vote for him , whom in their consciences they thought the best representative , so much the better.—The hon . baronet had spoken of the inefficacy of oaths in general , and lamented the multiplication of them . That inefficacy , and that multiplication , he lamented as much as any man ; but at the same time they should not deny that oaths were in some cases necessary , and that this was a proper case in which to introduce an oath . The hon . baronet had spoken of the qualification oath ; but when he compared it with the present , he should consider that there was no penalty attached to the breach of the qualification oath , while there was to this . The evil of which the hon . baronet complained , occurred , when the occasion was thought grave enough to have an oath attached , but not grave enough to justify a penalty.—He could wish that there was any other mode of securing the object they had in view , beside an oath ; as there was not , however reluctantly , they must resort to it . He approved of it in the present instance , provided the penalty was attached , and the breach of such an obligation punished as it ought . He allowed the merit and ability of the speech of his hon . friend , which he must again repeat , appeared to him to be a little too refined . That a good landlord should , and must , have some influence over his tenant , independent of political merits , was a position he could not but admit ; but the nearer we approached to selection , upon distinct and independent principles , the nearer we approach to perfection . When his hon . friend endeavoured to justify such practices as had been acknowledged , he proceeded upon a ground as dangerous as it was difficult . Sure he was that no country was ever the worse for adhering to moral principles