the management of them was for the most part entrusted ; but which was often founded more in ignorance and unskilfulness , than in malice or ferocity . Many of these instances were moreover falsely estimated , by those who allowed their sensibilities , ( always ready in their application to others , ) to outrun their judgment . He himself had had as many squabbles as others , with carmen and drivers of different descriptions for ill-treating their horses : but he had more than once had reason afterwards to think himself in the wrong , and * 1026 that his complaints had been ill-founded , or were at least exaggerated . Instances were however unquestionably to be met with , of shocking and atrocious cruelty , which every one must wish to have the means of punishing . A case of this sort known or related , instantly inflamed men 's minds , and disposed them , without further consideration , to call out for a law . But a law was a serious thing , and ought not to be adopted , merely upon such impulses . There had grown up in the country , of late years , a habit of far too great facility in passing laws . The immediate object only was looked to ; some marked cases were selected , in which its operation coincided with the general feeling : but no account was taken of the silent depredations which it would make in numerous instances , on the peace and happiness of individuals , of the manner in which it would embitter the general comfort and security of life , particularly among the lower classes . It was always a question , whether the good effects of a law were , in a few rare instances , a compensation for the general constraint imposed by it , and the instances in which it would operate unjustly . Nor was it true , that in the very cases that would be cited on behalf of the present bill , the crime would go , ( or at least need go , ) unpunished , even though there were no law specially provided for the purpose . What would be the number of instances for example , in which the animal ill-treated , was not the property of some one , who , if his zeal for humanity was what the calls of many for this bill would indicate , might surely , either by himself , or with the aid of others , inflict ample punishment on the offender , on the score of pecuniary injury ? But even where means for that purpose could not be had , or an injury of that description could not be pleaded , the mere publication of the fact , which might be the work of any one , with the steps that might be taken to turn upon it the public attention and indignation , would produce in the end consequences as severe as any that the case required , or that could be hoped from a law . If there was not virtue or humanity enough in the country to make the commission of such outrages ruinous to the party even in point of fortune and circumstances , to hunt down such offenders by a general exclusion from all the benefits of intercourse , and by marking them out as objects of general detestation , it might well be doubted , what the effect of law would be , and whether among those who 1027 * called for a law , there was not more of a fondness for persecution , and lust of power , than of real concern for the interests of humanity . It must at all events be more by manners than by laws that any good could be done upon this subject . Animals used in the service of man were left unavoidably so entirely at his mercy , were exposed so much to clandestine mischief , and could so little make known their own injuries , that it would always be a question , whether an attempt to