the Crown and Anchor . ] There was an opinion among the people , that members of parliament ought to be independent of all except their constituents . In that opinion he concurred , and that was his view of Reform . This measure was so far connected with Reform , that it went a certain way to secure the independence which he had stated . He perfectly agreed that no expectations ought to be held out to the people that could not be realized , but he totally dif- 378 fered from his right hon . friend ( Mr Perceval ) who considered that Reform would render the house of commons less disposed to rush into wars as a proof of Jacobinical intentions . It was his opinion that Reform would have this beneficial effect . Everyone , at all acquainted with the history of the American war , must be sensible that it would not have lasted so long had it not been for the improper influence of ministers ; and the same thing might be said of other instances . There were persons brought into the house by the present system who had an interest in protracting war . He concluded by observing , that in discussions of this kind , the gentlemen on the other side had always an advantage . They talked easily and fluently of the dignity and independence of parliament in general terms , while the friends of Reform were under the necessity of directing their observations to a particular class of men , or against individuals , which was always an odious duty . But as it was a duty , they must perform it in the best manner they could . entirely agreed in the very able speech made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) on the bench below . He wished it to be understood , that the principle upon which he agreed to the motion was the principle which pervaded , what , by the courtesy of the house , was called the Grenville bill , a measure for which he had an hereditary veneration . It was upon that principle that he wished success to the bill of the hon . gent . He would support the bill also , because it took away one of the greatest arguments in favour of Parliamentary Reform . It would diffuse a salutary confidence in parliament throughout the country . With this retrospective view , and looking forward to the future , the motion should have his cordial support . did not intend to trouble the house at any length . He was totally at a loss to account why the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not oppose the bringing in the bill , when he had expressed so determined a resolution to oppose it in its progress . Did he say , that the evils , which it was the object of the bill to remedy , did not exist ? If he did , why did he allow the bill to be brought in ? He was obliged to the right hon . gent . below him ( Mr. Bathurst ) for the qualified promised support he had given him : but he would not admit that he was in the smallest degree obliged to the right hon . gent . on the opposite bench . Was 379 it for the purpose of putting him in a situation of difficulty , and thereby shewing his inability , that he would suffer him to bring in the bill ? In answer to what had fallen from an hon . gent. , respecting factious meetings , he would assert that there was not a man in the house who would more firmly resist the clamour of such meetings than himself . It was not to the inflammatory proceedings of a drunken meeting at a tavern that he looked far the opinion of the people . He abhorred such meetings , and he lamented that men of character , talents , and respectability , should be found to countenance them . Their proceedings