For if he had been asked even ten minutes before he came into the house , what the nature of the noble lord 's motion was , he would have said that the object was , leaving the duke of York out of the question , to refer some collateral points in the Evidence to a committee , to determine what further proceeding ought to be had on the evidence there stated . He did not think it altogether fair to come upon the house ail of a sudden with one of the most important steps that could possibly be suggested , considering the ferment into which the public mind had been thrown . The object of the motion was no less than to arraign the whole system of the government of the country through all its departments ( Hear ! hear ! from the ministerial benches ) . He did not think that a motion of this vague and general complexion ought to be entertained . He admitted , that where a specific case was stated , it would be disgraceful to the house to blink it ; but while the house attended , as it was bound to do , to the interests of the people , it would always recollect that it owed something to the government of the country ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Was this a mode of proceeding which any one would venture to propose with regard to an individual ? If not , why should a different principle be entertained with respect to the government ? The noble lord , he supposed , had some cases in contemplation , for he could not imagine that he would propose the appointment of a committee without having something to lay before them . But why did he not tell the house what these cases were ? He conceived it to be impossible to accede to a motion put in these general terms , embodying suspi- 59 cion , as it were , against the whole of the government of the country . He differed from the gentlemen opposite in many important political subjects , but neither with respect to them , nor with respect to any man could he agree to this vague sort of motion . He himself had been in office ; he knew the responsibility attached to the situation , and was ready to meet any accusation if fairly stated . But this motion extended back—how far nobody knew ; and was calculated to put all those , who , for a great number of years past , had been employed in public situations upon their trial ; many of whom were precluded , in the course of nature , from giving those explanations that might be necessary to defend themselves against charges , or to prevent suspicion . He did not wish to throw a veil over delinquency ; all he wished was that the delinquency and the nature of the evidence should be stated ; that the charges should be specifically mentioned , and the individuals named against whom they were to be preferred , and then the house would consider whether the motion was such as ought to be entertained . Even on the ground of precedent he did not think that this was a proper mode of proceeding . His hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had said , that the house might watch over the proceedings of the committee . But the house could not know what the committee was about till they reported . He gave the noble lord credit for the most honest and upright intentions ; and after what had come to light , he could blame none for being desirous of inquiry ; but the house ought not to depart from the ordinary grounds of its proceedings . The motion assumed that the government was corrupt through all its departments , and this without pretending to state any evidence ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Even in the abuses that had been found to have been carried on in the patronage of the East India Company , there was