tangible shapes had not turned out exactly as they were wished and expected to turn out . For his part , he thought the moment for putting the present charge into a tangible shape would be precisely that , when the 387 witnesses were called to the bar of the house to be examined upon the subject . This motion , it appeared , was treated by honourable gentlemen opposite as one part of a general system organized for the attack of all public men . This he must deny . Where was such a systematical plan to be discovered ? What was to be expected from the feeling of the public , when they saw lately such an instance of the judgment of that house in a case where the accusation was brought home to the accused person , who confessed the commission of the offence , and whose confession was upon record ; and yet that house , ( always so watchful of its privileges and its dignity , ) took no notice of what was proved , and saw no necessity of coming to any criminating Resolution ? A right hon . gent . had thought proper to make some remarks upon gentlemen 's attending certain clubs and societies existing for the purpose as he supposed , of exciting the public mind and inflaming popular passion . What had , in fact , excited the public mind ? What , but the results of recent investigations into transactions of public importance ! What , but the refusal of the house of commons to do justice on a member and a minister who did not deny his offences ! What , without imputing such a design to ministers , would be the consequence of an attempt to stifle the expression of the public voice ? He readily avowed , that during the whole of his political life he had been in the habit of attending meetings of the people . Every word he had said on these occasions he considered himself responsible for . He would not retract one word that he had used on such occasions . He was not one of those who would say they were sorry for having been at public meetings . He thought it fair to speak out , whatever marks of displeasure or censure he might observe on the countenances of gentlemen opposite , for he was neither afraid nor ashamed to avow that his not having been present at one meeting in particular , recently held , which gave great offence , did not arise from any thing he disliked or thought improper in the object of that meeting . He thought , indeed , that advantage might be taken to excite and inflame the public against the persons and principles of the friends of Reform . He professed himself to be strenuously for a Reform in the way in which it was defined last night , as an alteration in the constitution of that house . In noticing the remarks of the right hon . gent. , he applied 388 to the tendency of part of his speech the quotation he ( Mr. Bathurst ) had used— 'Spargere voces in vulgum ambiguas . '' That right hon . gent . supposed that the results of such a Reform as was proposed , would be to exclude all public men from sitting in that house . He did not think so . He was not himself of that opinion , for he did not think that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or the First Lord of the Treasury , or the Secretary of State , or any of the great and efficient officers of the crown , should be excluded from seats in that house . He would not go to the same extent as the Act of Settlement ; but he must say , that he did see many before him holding places , who , without meaning any thing personal to them , he did think ought to be excluded . When a cry was raised against public meetings , because two ministers were charged with corruption