tendency to interfere with the representation of the people ; for sorry should I be to see that system altered—sorry should I be to see the representation of this country so changed , that the whole of our elections should be similar to those of Middlesex and Westminster . Look , my lords , to those elections , and you will perceive the evil of such a representation ! Every noble lord who now hears me has had an opportunity there of observing how perjury , subornation of perjury , and all the vices which are consequent thereon , abound on those occasions , and tend to degrade and disgrace the community . Having thus far , my lords , applied these observations , for the purpose of shewing what the bill is not , I shall now state what I conceive , to be its , principle , and those grounds upon which . I consider it entitled to my support . The introduction of this measure is founded upon the existence of certain abuses . It has been acknowledged , that a practice has long existed , whereby seats in parliament have been sold and purchased . This practice has long been known to exist ; how it sprang up , I believe those most acquainted with the history of the constitution would find it difficult to determine ; and if it were traced back to more ancient periods of our parliament , I believe it would be equally difficult to ascertain its commencement . Most probably it had its origin at a time when it was exercised to a very small extent , and has been gradually increasing through the succession of later periods . At length it has grown to such an enormous degree , that its existence , for the first time , has been openly declared and avowed , and parliament has been called upon to interpose its legislative interference . Under such considerations , my lords , I certainly do not perceive how your lordships can reject going into the committee . It may be alledged , that this is an offence at common law , but I am * 1034 inclined to believe , not only from the exercise of my own judgment , but from the opinion which greater authorities have pronounced upon the subject , that such a practice is not punishable at common law . But supposing it be doubtful whether the buying and selling of seats in parliament is or is not an offence punishable by common law , yet , my lords , I can not hesitate a moment to assert , that , according to all analogy of law , and according to the true principles of the constitution , it is an offence which ought to be punished . Therefore , parliament , when the question has once been brought before them , is bound to give their decision . They must determine either that it is legal or fit to be legal , or else they must determine it is illegal , or fit to be made illegal . The practice being once acknowledged and avowed , parliament , for the first time , are called upon to declare the law , and if it has not hitherto extended to the punishment of this offence , your lordships , by rejecting the bill , would , for the first time , give a sanction to its legality . Then , my lords , it now lies for your consideration to prevent a known and avowed abuse ; and the analogy of law , together with the pure principles of the constitution , call for legislative interference . The law has imposed a severe penalty on the man who receives five guineas for his vote , and yet the same law has imposed no punishment upon the man who receives five thousand for an offence of the same description . With respect , my lords , to the particular provisions of the bill , as they fall more appropriately under discussion when we go into the committee , I shall defer my observations to that