against it were very extraordinary . If they 798 did not institute a previous inquiry , the house were attempting to apply a remedy , without knowing what was the nature of the disease , which appeared to be entirely a new mode of legislating . If the result of the commission did not satisfy the house , they might have recourse to some ulterior information . At all events , the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) was bound by his former professions , at the Union , to find out some modifications to lighten the burdens of the poor oppressed people of Ireland . Instead of doing so , however , that noble lord appeared to forget all his pledges for the public good , and merely to attend to those that went to provide for individuals whom he had taken care to seduce to his own standard . That noble lord professed to be the follower of Mr. Pitt ; sequitur non passibus equis . If he were so , he ought undoubtedly to perform the pledges which that statesman had made , as well as to perform those which he himself had undertaken . If ministers profess to be the successors of Mr. Pitt , let them come forward , with one consent , and redeem the pledges he had given , otherwise they could not pretend to be other than unworthy successors . stated , that he knew of no pledge whatever that was made either by Mr. Pitt or himself , upon the subject of tithes , or upon the Catholic question . He should most distinctly deny that he ever had made any pledge as to Ireland . supported the motion , and in strong terms deprecated the conduct of the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) , as to Ireland . He looked upon that noble lord as the parent of the Union , and he , in order to effect it , had made many promises ; but whenever any question , as to the amelioration of the situation of Ireland came to be agitated , he either put a negative upon it , or moved the previous question . If the noble lord thought he should be handed down to posterity , either for private virtue , or public political conduct , he ( Mr. H. ) must beg leave to be of a contrary opinion . [ Here was a cry of Order ! order ! and the Speaker interfered and observed , that it was irregular to allude to the private character of any individual of that house . ] If ( continued Mr. H. ) the whole of the country were to stand up in support of that noble lord 's conduct , he should be proud in standing single , and stating that he had grossly discharged that public duty which he owed to that country , called Ireland . 799 How many years had passed since the Union , and yet nothing had been done to ameliorate its situation ! No one of the expectations of its unhappy people had been answered , nothing but personal degradation had ensued . Absentees were greatly increased , the capital had been deserted by its nobility , and almost the whole of the great landed proprietors . Much had been promised to that country , but nothing had been as yet performed . said , in reply to the assertion of the right hon . gent . that a want of information had not been laid as a ground of objection to his former motion , that he could appeal to the recollection of several members now present , whether the Secretary for Foreign Affairs had not distinctly stated as the reason which induced him to negative that motion through want of information on the subject which prevailed in the house . If there was any doubt upon this point , he said it was cleared up by the absence of that right hon . gent. , for he had a right to infer , that he was absent because he could not vote with his colleagues on