grounds upon which I defend those for whom I have the honour to appear before you . I am the less solicitous about entering into such a line of argument at present , because it will depend upon what falls from the learned counsel , how far I shall have to trouble your lordships in that respect . I understand that it is meant , on the other side , to quote some precedents . On this topic I shall generally refer to the sentiments of a great constitutional lawyer . Upon the well-known occasion of the question of General Warrants , and orders issued by Secretaries of State for the breaking open of chests , in order to search 593 for papers ; and , on the action brought by Mr. Wilkes against the under secretary of state , lord Camden , in summing up to the jury , said , that all the precedents since the Revolution afforded no justification for a practice in itself illegal , and against the principles of the constitution ! —And in this doctrine , my lords , that great and venerable lawyer was certainly well-founded ! —Here we have the authority of lord Camden , and his opinion of the value and effect of official precedents . In the case which subsequently occurred , of the action brought against the king 's messengers , for breaking open trunks to search for papers , lord Camden maintained and illustrated the same sound , legal , and constitutional principles ; he deprecated the practice of recurring to modem precedent for justification which never could militate against clear and established law ; he admitted the authorities founded upon decisions of the twelve judges , but the twelve judges , he said , could not make law ! I am not ignorant , my lords , of the cases which may be adduced of modern or recent occurrence to countenance the illegal practices complained of . Among these are the cases of Mr. Redhead Yorke and Mr. Gilbert Wakefield , the one for an offence committed in Yorkshire , and the other for an offence in Middlesex , were confined in distant prisons ; that of Mr. Kydd Wake too was of a similar description . It does not follow , my lords , that , because those persons never complained to your lordships , their sentences were not illegal . It was most likely , a lord Camden said upon a particular occasion , that their poverty had prevented their contending against the power of the court . We know , my lords , that it is not every person who has the means of bringing a Writ of Error before the high court of parliament.—Having now gone through the first part of the case , I shall trouble your lordships with a few words on the second part of it : I mean , my lords , that part of the sentence which requires the Plaintiffs to give security for their good behaviour for five years after their respective imprisonments . My objections to this part of the sentence , are on the ground of their being excessive , unusual , and therefore contrary to law ; and , viewing the whole of the case of the Plaintiffs , I am rather at a loss to tell why this security is to be given , or what is meant by it . Your lordships will observe that the sentence is for the publication of what is said to be a libel , and a libel upon 594 a court of justice , but the information does not state whether what was advanced be true or false ! Is it as a security for good behaviour in every case ? Would the security be forfeited by writing a true and faithful account of , and making true and just observations on , the conduct of courts of justice ? The information , no one can tell whether it proceeds on the ground of every thing advanced being true , or every thing advanced being false . The parties will necessarily be bewildered if any persons