the right hon . gent . would then be better qualified to decide whether any , and what further papers , were necessary . conceived with his right hon . friend , that it was essentially necessary to a just comprehension of the subject under consideration , that the reasons assigned by our ambassador for concluding the arrangement alluded to , should be laid before the house . He therefore hoped , that if it were consistent with his public duty the right hon . gent . would not withhold this information . Many occasions occurred in war to justify a departure from positive instructions ; so in a diplomatic mission circumstances might arise to furnish a similar justification . Possibly , such was the case in this instance , and the paper required by his right hon . friend was necessary to enable the house to form a correct judgment . Indeed , it was almost indispensible , and therefore , unless it was produced , he must disapprove of an attempt to bring forward what he could not help considering as partial information . begged not to be understood as refusing the paper required by the noble lord . He only deferred deciding upon the proposition to produce it.—In answer to a question from lord Milton , Mr. Canning stated , that the expectation to be formed as to the conduct of the American government towards our trade , must depend upon the existence of a correspondent disposition on the part of that government , to that manifested here upon the occasion which gave rise to the discussion . But in fact , what arrangement might be made by that government , must be , he observed , at present mere matter of speculation , of which any other man could form an opinion as well as himself . rose , and expressed the deep satisfaction lie felt at their lordships ' recognition of the principle of the bill he had had the honour of submitting , by their agreeing to go into a committee upon it . He thought it unnecessary in the committee to make use of any further general arguments , in its support , though , if it were necessary , he would , from the variety of information he had received from the most respectable and the best informed quarters , give their lordships fresh reasons , and abundance of particular instances , which shewed ( beyond contradiction , as he thought ) the propriety , necessity , and justice of passing the bill . Was particular information wanted ? He bad letters upon letters stating facts concerning such cruelties . Was evidence desired ? He could bring the most unexceptionable testimony to their lordships ' bar , to prove the existence of such practices as were a disgrace to humanity , to a civilized nation , and to every moral and religions profession . He had with him letters , stating the readiness of the parties to appear , from the most respectable clergymen , as well as others , not indeed saying that such cruel practices were universal , but that they were too general , and specifying many particular instances . His lordship then adverted to the inhuman and wicked practice of houghing and hamstringing cattle , of cutting the faces of sheep intended for future slaughter for the use of man , and of still more barbarous practices , such as some he could substantiate : the cutting and tearing out the tongue of so noble an animal as the horse . He stated an old act of Henry the eighth against this last crime , which inflicted a fine of that offence of 10l . to shew the sense our ancestors had of such inhumanity . Hitherto , the matter had been perhaps too much considered only as it related to animals as the private property of individuals ; but he wished this bill to take a higher ground , so that the legislature should declare its opinion upon the morality of the principle , and on the duties that man owed not only to man , but