in saying that the proceed- 969 ing of the hon . gent . was not only unjust , but marked by a total ignorance of the subject on which be had spoken.—Mr . Prendergast then adverted to the propositions which the Directors had made to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in which they had stated their readiness to afford the private trader every accommodation , and to allow him freight on the most reasonable terms . This obligation they had violated , and had subjected the private trader to the consequences of the prodigality with which they managed their concerns . But he maintained , that they had no right thus to waste the property of their constituents , and of the public , upon whom their debts must ultimately fall . He had laid before the house facts which it was impossible to controvert ; and his statement , he contended , was in no respect either unjust or erroneous . He concluded by moving , That the copy of the Memorial of the Directors to the Treasury , in 1797 , some time ago presented to the house , should be re-printed , & c. & c. observed , that the observations of the hon . gent . were premature , as the act of 1793 , and the other matters , would come under consideration , when the house was furnished with all the requisite information on the subject . These papers would not comprehend the whole of the question , and it was not therefore upon them alone that it ought to be discussed . He blamed the hon . gent . for censuring the conduct of the Directors , before the necessary documents were before the house . maintained , that though the principal facts stated by the hon . gent . were correct , the inference which he drew from them against the directors was wrong . The hon . chairman had stated , that after the extra ships had been diverted from their intended destination for political purposes , the merchants themselves had requested to be allowed to ship their goods on board the regular vessels , upon payment of the same rate of freight as the Company paid , which was 44l . per ton ; and yet this favour was converted into a charge of oppression and injustice . He wished the hon . gent . had condescended to explain one fact . The private merchants themselves , as ship owners , had let their ships to the Company at from 19 to 21l . per ton . How then could they expect that the Company should be able to re-let their own ships to them at 14l . per ton ? The real state of the case was , that as to the charge in 1804 , orders had 970 been sent out after the advertisement to raise the rate on account of the war . The orders did not arrive in proper time , and the result was , that the directors had settled the account at 14l . according to the original advertisement . repeated what he had formerly said , that the house could not properly come to a decision upon these points , till the whole of the circumstances came before it . The agreement in 1793 , he observed , went no further than furnishing the private merchant with 3,000 tons of shipping . He next gave a short history of the transactions between the Company and the private merchants . The Company had resisted the project of carrying home produce in India built ships , but in 1802 an arrangement was made by which the Company engaged to furnish the private merchants with English built ships , subject to the regulations of the Company , at the low rate of 14l . per ton . But when the war commenced , it was necessary to raise the rate of freight , and orders were , sent out to raise it to 20l . ; but it having been stated that it had been already signified to the private merchants that the rate would