the gentlemen on the other side , he thought it necessary to repeat , that ministers left it entirely to Austria herself to consider the capacity of her own resources to engage in the present contest , and to determine the question whether the situation in which he was placed with relation to the enemy , was tolerable , or whether it was preferable to make a struggle for her liberation . Such , indeed , was the conduct of this country with every other state . Austria was advised to examine her own internal strength , to compare it with the resources of the enemy with which she had to contend , and not to look to any auxiliary support this country was capable of affording , to enable her to rise out of such a war with safety . His majesty 's government , therefore , although it did not discourage Austria from making an effort which she deemed necessary to her own honour and safety , could not be said to offer any counsels that could commit itself in the undertaking . But when Austria had embarked in the contest , it was thought wise by our government to furnish every assistance in its power . It was not that Austria , engaged in the war exclusively to the aid of England , acting as a conductor to withdraw from its shores the influence of the dreaded lightning , but 826 it was under the impression , that as she had entered into , so she should either come whole out of the contest , or expect that her ruin would be the consequence.—Austria sought self-preservation . She determined rather to attack the enemy beyond her frontiers , than by waiting his approach , to afford facilities for her destruction . Under the impression made by this situation of Austria it was , that every hon . gent . save one , had made an allowance for the manner in which she acted , respecting the advances demanded from this country . The hon . gent , had not perhaps , in so decided a manner as on a former occasion , expressed his opinions on the question of justice on the side of Austria ; though not content with other presumptions in favour of France , he had collected from the early periods of the revolutionary war materials to show that all Europe had not acted with any other view than the partition of unoffending France . The hon . gent , here rested only on exploded documents , which were known to be forgeries , representing the princes of Europe in the light of partitioned , and which documents were current at that period when all Europe was inundated by representations against the crowned heads and old establishments of the continent . On this occasion there was the precedent of the oppressed rising against the oppressor . The hon . gent . had said much of Austria not turning round till she saw France engaged in another quarter . Was it to be expected that Austria should patiently and unresistingly wait till France had thought proper to swallow her up ? He could not persuade himself to acquiesce in the gloomy forebodings of the hon . gent . ; because though Austria might ultimately fall , it would he setting an example of hopelessness and submission even then to despair . He would say , that the powers which now assisted the enemy in his exertions would perhaps , ere the last act was accomplished , regret that they had ever united their means with his . If it should prove , that even after the capture of its capital , the heart of Austria had yet remained entire , then was her situation much superior to what it was at any former period . If the example of the contest in Spain , in which alone the arms of France had been as yet opposed with effect , should be imitated in Austria , he saw no reason to justify despondency as to the Austrian cause . With respect to Spain and Portugal ,