was merely a construction of law . If corrupt practices could be distinctly defined , this objection would not supply . But really , as the matter stood , he did not see that the oath could in all cases be safely taken by those even who meant not to offend . argued ably in favour of the bill , which , however , he conceived would be not only nugatory , but mis- 849 chievous , if it was not framed so as to apply to the patronage of office , as well as to the grant of money . After the incontrovertible evidence which had recently appeared , with regard to a traffic in patronage for the purpose of purchasing a seat in that house , the people must consider any measure of this nature as a mere mockery , if it did not provide against the recurrence of such scandalous practices . As to the objections offered against the adoption of the oath , he confessed that he could not feel their weight . He could not conceive any reason why men should not be prevented from giving as well as from receiving , bribes at an election . Indeed , he was convinced that such prevention ought to exist ; the more particularly when he reflected upon the disgraceful advantage which had been taken of the law as it stood . He had , in fact , seen members of that house come forward in a court of law to prosecute under the bribery act , the very men who had accepted bribes from them ; thus acting the part of informers , in order , as they avowed , to save themselves . What an exhibition for an intelligent and honest public to contemplate ? But he hoped that this measure would be so contrived as to guard against the recurrance of such scenes . from all the arguments he had heard , considered it as very difficult to frame an Oath which would not imply an opinion on the construction of the law . He was therefore adverse to it , as tending only to exclude conscientious men from the house , in order to make room for the perjured , worthless , and abandoned . Dispensing with the oath , he would be happy to give his assent to any proposition that would rescue the house from the aspersions of corruption thrown upon it ; but if the question of the oath was annexed to this bill it would compel him to vote against it . The Right Hon . THE SPEAKER , thanked the committee for the flattering attention and deference that had been paid to his sentiments , and had now only to offer his opinion on the subject of the new clause which had not been introduced when he last addressed them . He had no hesitation in stating it distinctly as his opinion , that unless the Bill applied to the grant of offices in return for seats in parliament it would be mainly deficient . It appeared that under the title of `` gift or reward , '' that application was included , and as the bill already covered the case , it would be 850 much better to have the enactment distinctly made , The course the committee would now have to pursue would be , to receive the amendments proposed , and have them printed . It would then be a proper motion to decide that the bill with the amendments be recommitted . admitted the strength of the observations of his hon . friend , who had just sat down ; but said at the same time , that the oath was so generally worded as to call for amendment . The oath by which any man was to be bound could not be worded in too special pleading a manner . This might seem an odd phrase , but his meaning was , that a man should thoroughly understand that to which he was to swear . He reminded gentlemen of that interchange of kindness that so generally took place between the electors and