of that house ? The right of originating taxation belonged to that house at present , by the practice of the constitution , although not confirmed by an express statute . Was the hon . baronet content to get rid of this too among other things ? The lords , certainly , had never given any express assent to this privilege , and would the hon . baronet rank it amongst those abuses which had grown up in opposition to the prerogative ? But this was not all . The hon . baronet maintained , that 113 statutes would be got rid of ; that if his plan should be adopted , it would overthrow bribery , corruption , tumult , & c. Now how was this to be effected ? Would no contest take place for the representation of the hon . baronet 's districts ? If contests should take place , then there must be canvassing ; and all those temptations to bribery , corruption , and perjury would prevail in spite of the hon . baronet 's regulations , to the full as much as they prevailed in the actual state of things . Yet these were the hopes which he held out to those who were disposed to listen to his propositions ; but how these hopes were to be realized from his plan , he was at a loss to conceive . But the hon . baronet would further annihilate the regulation with respect to the 40 shilling freeholds , and all that the law had done on the subject to 1058 this day ; and would divide the country into districts , in which all should have a vote who paid direct taxes to the state , or the church , or the poor . [ Sir F. Burdett— '' No ; those who pay to them all . '' ] Well , taking it so , there might still be doubts as to what should be considered as direct taxes . The property tax , the taxes for the poor , and the assessed taxes , were direct ; but to settle this point completely , there must at least be one pretty large statute instead of the 113 of which we were to get rid . Was this the way in which the hon . baronet proposed to do away the necessity of employing so many lawyers ? ( Hear , hear ! ) The hon . baronet talked of the advantage of getting rid of the Grenville act , and of all the statutes against bribery , corruption , & c. But why should perjury be mere difficult under his plan than it was at present ? In his districts , a man who had already voted , might come under another court and swear that he had not voted before , just as easily as the thing could now be done in a county . ( Hear , hear ! ) He saw no reason whatever to suppose that any good could arise from the plan in this respect . The truth was , that such a plan could never produce the expected effects , unless the hon . baronet could alter not only the constitution but the frame of the human mind—unless he could at once get rid of human prejudices and human passions . This much he thought it necessary to say ; and he did not think that there was any occasion for his going further . As to the hon . baronet 's proposition , that the house had admitted that some reform was necessary , he never understood that any such admission had been made . He did not believe that the house would allow that it had ever made any such admission ; and the manner in which the hon . baronet 's proposition had been received , convinced him that he was correct in his opinion . It would be really raising the plan of the hon . baronet into an importance which it did not deserve , to dwell upon it at any great length . The house , he observed ,