yielding to any sudden and uncontroulable necessity , in the same proportion should they watch and diligently pursue all such exceptions as might have inevitably occurred , that they might not be made precedents to justify cases not at all analogous . Till the year 1727 Votes of Credit never had been heard of , and such was the laudable jealousy of that house , that in the year 1737 ( he believed ) a limitation was imposed upon that vote of credit , which remains imposed upon it to this day . There was an exception , but it was one which gentlemen would not , he believed , be very forward to cite ; it was that which had occurred in the course of the American war , and the committee upon it had pronounced the introduction of such a Vote of Service into the Army Extraordinaries to be a dangerous invasion of the rights and privileges of the house of commons . He was aware of the grant of money which had excited so much observation in that house , made by Mr. Pitt to the emperor of Austria in the year 1796 ; but in the amendment then moved upon the original motion , it was submitted , that the advance being made without the consent of parliament , was against the law of the land ; this was admitted by those even who were the supporters of that minister upon that occasion . From this view , then , of the transaction , he could anticipate nothing that could possibly be urged in its defence , unless some plea of paramount necessity was made out in palliation of the offence . If , however , that plea was not made out , he hoped they would not be told of the comparative smallness of the sum by way of extenuation.—The sum was nothing , but the principle on which it was granted was , and ought to be , every thing in the eyes of those who were the constitutional guardians of the public purse . The 274 noble lord then concluded with moving `` That the applying any sum or sums of appropriated or unappropriated money to uses not voted or addressed for by parliament , during the sitting of parliament , and without any communication to parliament respecting the nature and amount of such issues , is a misapplication of the public money , and is contrary to , and dangerously invades , the acknowledged rights and privileges of this house . '' stated his surprise at hearing the noble lord say , that the grant of which he complained was unprecedented . If he had reverted to some of the grants voted during the time he was in office , he would find that there were some of an analogous nature . He by no means wished to contend the present question upon a recriminating principle , because he was aware that such an issue of public money could not be withheld without a great public inconvenience . What was the amount , either in expence or quality , of the present motion ? It was no more than this , that on the 23d of May and the 3d of June , 1808 , two sums of 5,000l . each were applied to the purpose of assisting those Portuguese who loyally and nobly preferred an emigration to the Brazils , rather than submit to the dominion of the enemy , by which their native country was subjugated . The objection was , to have the amount of that application brought before that , house in the Estimate of the Army Extraordinaries . He could not see the validity of that objection . It was to be recollected , that the persons served were our allies , cleaving to our protection , looking to England for an asylum , and he was sure with the same expectation of protection as if they had found refuge in a British camp . It was under the reciprocal feeling both of the government which ordered the issue and of the unfortunate and loyal persons who