be only 14l . for the year 1804 , the directors acceded to this . As the war continued the expences rose , but still the charges were within what the Company themselves paid . His hon . friend ( Mr. Wallace ) had truly stated that the merchants themselves had charged the Company at the rate of from 19 to 21l . in 1803 ; and how could they expect to be supplied cheaper ? As to the want of shipping at a particular period , he repeated that this had arisen from the vessels having been detained at Cork , Madeira , & c. for political purposes ; and it was impossible that the Company could either controul this ; or be ready with vessels to meet such an accident . In the year 1805 the private merchants had been furnished with tonnage , in the regular ships at the rate paid by the Company , and what more could they expect ? There was no law or convention in this case that could give the character of injustice to these transactions . As to publications in the gazettes in India , he could not answer for these ; but he could aver , that here the extra ships , in 1805–6 , were charged at only 14l . with some exceptions from particular circumstances . : As the state of the India Company must soon force itself on the attention of parliament , not- 971 withstanding any attempts to conceal facts , or suppress the evidence , I am not aware that any other benefit will result from the present motion , than that general information , which naturally arises out of such a discussion : With respect to the India Trade , undoubtedly , Sir , the restrictions and interruptions which have been imposed on the free merchants , and the extravagant price of freight demanded of them , have produced the effect of diverting the legitimate trade of India into clandestine courses , by forcing a great part of British capital to pass under foreign flags . But I think it rather unfair to charge the honourable Directors with making this exorbitant demand for freight , for whatever blame may attach to the expensive system under which they act , it surely could not be reasonably expected , that they should give facilities to the free merchants and promote their objects , by charging a lower rate of freight than the Company were paying , at a certain loss to themselves . Whenever a corrective shall be applied to the abuses of the Indian trade , it will probably be found to consist in this , in enabling the British merchants to bring their own goods upon their own ships , subject however to the supervision and controul of the East India Company , to be freighted and refreighted , to be imported and exported through their offices , the goods and merchandize to be deposited in their warehouses , in short , in a system , which will enable the British merchant and natives under British protection , to trade upon equal terms with the merchants of every other country : Do this , and you will bring the whole trade of India into the Thames , and for this plain reason . If the terms were equal , the security would be infinitely greater . Sir , I shall take this opportunity of adverting to a circumstance , which though irrelevant to the present motion , is not altogether unimportant . In May 1808 , a Report was presented to this house by the Committee appointed to consider the affairs of India : in that Report an account current was stated between government and the East India Company , by which account it appeared that a balance was due from government to the Company of 1,500,419l . This account was signed by Mr. Wittwer , an authorized agent on the part of government , and by Mr. Wright the accomptant for the Company . In consequence of this Report it was moved by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ,