government a party to the offence . But there was further ground to believe that they had all along connived at it . The British consul in Virginia had forwarded to Mr Erskine a statement of the desertion of Ratford and his associates , with a description of their persons , by which Ratford in particular might have been identified with perfect ease and certainty . These documents must of course have been communicated to the American government by Mr. Erskine , which would appear if this correspondence were produced . Taking the whole circumstances together , nothing could be more absurd than to treat the attack on the Chesapeake as an unprovoked outrage . A palpable offence had been committed against our national rights , and all redress being refused , there was no alternative left , but to take it into our own hands . It is objected , indeed , that by the orders he gave , admiral Berkeley went beyond his power and his just province , taking upon himself to decide questions of peace or war . This , however , can not affect the question be- 347 tween the two nations . Admiral Berkeley did no more than his government had a just right to order him to do ; whether he acted by previous orders or not , could only be a question between him and his own government . Nothing had been done by Britain against America , more than the conduct of America had fully justified . That was not a proper case for the offer of reparation ; if any were due , it would be from that government which had encouraged its officers in a voluntary infringement of our national tights . To make an offer of reparation , in the unqualified manner in which it had been made , was equivalent , to an admission , that the Americans had been guilty of no offence ; in other words , that their government might seduce away our men without question ; or that , if such acts were covered with a sufficient coat of prevarication and falsehood , no other satisfaction would be required . To acquiesce in such conduct could only lead to further provocations : and if this needed any proof , it would be found in the circumstance , that at the very time when the American officers in Virginia were enticing away British deserters , the civil power in Maryland was employed to aid the officers of a French ship to recover some of theirs . Much has been said of the provocations given to America by the British government , yet what comparison can the utmost exaggeration make between those provocations which America resents so vehemently when coming from Britain , and those to which she has quietly submitted from France . The French government , however , has at least had the merit of being uniform and consistent ; while the vacillating and unsteady policy of Britain , leading the Americans to expect the most extravagant concessions , is the real cause of their violence against us . The present ministers had shewn a more steady resistance to these demands , than on many former occasions ; and so far at least their conduct had certainly been advantageous to the country.—Upon the facts already stated , lord Selkirk argued , that sufficient grounds had been laid for an address to the throne to state the opinion of the house , that satisfaction ought to be demanded from the American government , for the conduct of their officers , in seducing deserters from his majesty 's naval service . That proposition rested on the acknowledged principles of the law of nations . But the question was closely connected with the gene- 348 ral maritime rights of Great Britain ; rights which were to be maintained on much broader grounds . The claim of this kingdom to the dominion of the seas has been treated by some of the highest authorities on the law of nations , as altogether untenable , and is still looked upon by many enlightened men as a fanciful creation