of my public duty , I can assure the house , that it was not intentional on my part , and is rather to be attributed to accident than design . I thank the noble lord for the manner in which he has brought this question forward , and for the full and candid statement which he has made of his view of it , before he came to propose his final Resolutions . There is no extent to which the charge can be carried , which I do not wish to hear and to meet , and on this account I am gratified at the full explanation which has been given by the noble lord . I am the last man who will complain of his going too far in urging any charge against myself . I allow him to draw every inference he can from my own evidence , but there are some things which I have to say , that will be directly contrary to what has been stated by some of the witnesses . If gentlemen will judge my conduct , when separated from my political principles , I trust that no blame will attach to it . Here it may be necessary for me to state , and I solemnly declare , that , as a minister of the crown , I never applied my patronage to acquire any unjust influence in this house ; and I am sure no person can contradict me . The patronage I had , and the manner in which I disposed of it , is before you , and it will be seen that I neither bestowed it upon the members , nor upon the electors , nor for any political purpose whatsoever . I also beg leave to state that it never once occurred to me as an original idea , to employ my patronage to obtain lord Clancarty 's return . When I saw Mr. Reding , he told 219 me , that a person who wished to vacate his seat had a nephew , whom he wished to send to India as a writer , and that he had it in his power to favour lord Clancarty 's election . I certainly regret very much that I ever had any connection with Reding ; but I assure the house , that at that time I had no notion , that such a person existed in society as a trafficking broker for offices under government ( A loud cry of hear ! hear ! in which lord Milton 's voice was distinguishable ) . I beseech the noble lord to restrain his impatience ; and again beg leave to assure the house , that I knew not that persons of that description were in existence . If any other member knew of it , I am surprised they never made it a subject of parliamentary enquiry before . When I recommended Mr. Reding to go and make his proposal to lord Clancarty , I perceived no impropriety in the case , as I considered it perfectly fair for one friend to serve another at an election . When I placed the Writership at lord Ciancarty 's disposal , I had no other view than to serve my friend , and if I could do so , I had no hesitation to give a Writership to any respectable gentleman 's son or nephew who could promote my views , particularly as I was myself to determine whether the party recommended was eligible . I certainly considered lord Clancarty to be a man of great abilities , and was or opinion , both on account of those abilities , and of the great quantity of business , for which that noble lord was peculiarly qualified , that if he had at that time a seat in parliament , the country would derive much benefit from his services . In my opinion , no turpitude attaches to the transaction , and if a pecuniary consideration could have formed any part of it , it was least of all to be expected to take place between a father and a son