symptoms , the first eruptive pustule that indicates the presence of the disease . The disease itself is however denied ; and we are required to believe , that the whole of the present cry originates in nothing , but in the abuses recently discovered in the business of the Duke of York . The amount of these discoveries is , that the mistress of a man in power had received money for the use of the influence , which she had , or pretended to have , in procuring places and appointments . This , if it stood alone , would be an odd reason for arraigning the government , or even for arraigning the person himself : and as for participation or connivance , though there are persons who accuse the Duke of both of these , their numbers are few , ( speaking always 749 of those whose qualifications for judging are such as to make their judgment of any value , ) and even of those few , fewer still think that their suspicions , whether true or false , admit of any sufficient proof . Yet with all this , such is the surprize excited in this country by any suspicion even , of corruption in persons of high rank and station , and such the commotion which it never fails to create , that the Duke of York , a member of the royal family , the king 's own son , in full possession of his father 's favour , and of the respect and good will of the greater part of the nation , is fain to quit the situation of commander in chief , which he has held with credit for fourteen years and more , and to withdraw into retirement , sooner than run the risk of the steps , which parliament , it is feared , would otherwise be induced to take . Can any man in his senses suppose , that an instance like this was calculated to inspire the country with a distrust of its government , or to excite a desire of new-modelling its parliament , as being too submissive to the wishes of the court ? We must look to other motives and purposes ; to which the present bill is meant to serve as an instrument , and for which the business of the Duke of York is made to serve as a pretext , being after all , it must be confessed , a very flimsy and sorry one . Upon what principle is it that we are told , that it is to libel the people of England to say , that there are among them thousands and thousands who wish the destruction of the present orders of things , and who are labouring night and day to carry into effect that laudable purpose ? And with what decency , it may be added , is this libel charged upon us by those , who are every day libelling this house , and all the higher orders of the state , in the grossest and most unmeasured terms ? Why is it more a libel than to say , that there are among the people of England robbers , murderers , and housebreakers , and offenders of all descriptions , and who , numerous as they are , would show themselves in much greater numbers , if the fear of the law did not keep them down ? Are there not as powerful motives , passions as fierce and strong , and interests as tempting and urgent , to arm men for the overthrow of all government , as there are to incite them to any other act of violence ? There is no government , bad or good , that can boast of owing its stability ( or quiet at least ) to any other cause , than to the difficulty and danger which is opposed to every attempt to sub- 750 vert it . Let but the project be easy , let but hopes be entertained of its success , and thousands will be found , who from motives of