dangerous indeed to attempt any alteration in the system of representation , without having the fullest prospect of great advantage being likely to arise from it . We had in the course of events been engaged in a long and expensive war , and yet this country had flourished , every mouth had been supplied , and every symptom of prosperity had been manifest . We saw cur coasts and our harbours abounding with redundancy of capital . He should take upon himself to assert , that if the effects of this contest for Parliamentary Reform were to throw the country into confusion for one single week , more imminent danger and disadvantage would arise , than what had been occasioned by all the effects of corruption , existing from the time of king William , to the present period . He therefore should call 726 upon the country to pause before they incurred the risk of our all , for the small benefit likely to arise , from any change proposed . declared , that doctrines so novel and extraordinary had lately been introduced into that house ; doctrines so subversive of every sound principle of the constitution of parliament that he was altogether at a loss how to discuss them . He stood in a situation unprecedented in the history of the country , for he had not to address the Representatives of the Commons in parliament assembled ; that title they had disclaimed by the avowal and defence of their corruption ; but he was about to speak to an assembly composed of some representing the Treasury ; some the Admiralty ; some their patrons ; some their own money ; and a few representing populous places ; an assembly constituted under a system resembling the fortuitous concourse of the atoms of Epicurus . Under these circumstances , he felt himself somewhat at a loss what to say ; but in justice to the large body whom he represented , he thought it his duty to raise his voice and reprobate doctrines the most abominable that had ever been avowed since England was England . Much had been said of the dignity of that house ; but if they were not Representatives of the people , where was its dignity ? —The present debate had been opened , on a former night , by an hon . gentleman opposite , ( Mr. George Johnstone ) whom he did not then see in his place , in the most extraordinary manner , and upon the most extravagant ground , that had ever been avowed by any member of parliament . That hon . member had attempted to justify the present mode of sending members to that house , by comparing it with the abuses and corruptions of former periods : he had , for the purpose of covering the disgrace incurred by the late transactions in that house , even gone the length of avowing , that the British parliament had been formerly in the pay of a French monarch . To what particular period the hon . gentleman alluded , he knew not ; nor upon what , information he grounded his statement . He might perhaps have had in view that period of the reign of Charles 2nd , when a British sovereign was not proof against the temptation of French gold , and the important fortress of Dunkirk had been sold for a sum of money . But he would ask that hon . gentleman , whether , in his charges against 727 the parliament of that day , he had his information from the romances of Dalrymple , or the libellous list of Barrillon , the French ambassador ? a list in which the names of Russel and Sydney appeared ! Did the hon . gentleman believe such statements as these ? If he did , he libelled our ancestors . The hon . gentleman had next compared the present House of Commons , or rather this Assembly , for it was not now the Commons of England in parliament assembled with— called the hon . baronet to order . submitted , whether ,