received the money ought to be liable to a forfeiture of the whole ; to be punished for a misdemeanor ; and he would further propose a penalty of 500l . to the informer . But he was rather disposed to stop short of what had been suggested by his right hon . friend , respecting the rendering this offence in the member a misdemeanor in a court of common law ; for if such an offence was tried there , and a verdict of guilty pronounced , the house would consider the crime as proved , and proceed to expel the member ; which would throw the question of the validity of a seat in that house upon a court of common law.—The same objection , the right hon . gent . admitted , applied to the bribery laws at the present moment ; but it had so occurred , that since the passing of the act of the 2d of George II . the offence had never been brought to a court of common law , till previously exposed by a petition in that house . He thought also that certain limits of time as to the inability of the member should be established , and that the seat should be merely vacated in the first instance . He was not surprized that , at first , it should be intended that the bill should extend to the promise of offices . But the more he considered this the more it appeared utterly unsafe to go to this extent . Offices there must be : the business of the state could not go on without them . 845 The disposal of offices must rest somewhere , and here that power was vested in the crown . That this power must create influence was beyond all question ; and every body agreed that it was proper that such influence should exist in the crown . The only objection that had been made was to the extent of it . But the effect of such a regulation as that which was proposed with respect to offices , would be , that none would either ask or receive an office without the risk of a conviction for a misdemeanor , however innocent . The only evidence which a jury would have to decide upon would be , that a member had procured an office for a friend who had voted for him at an election ; and the probability in many such cases would be so great and the difficulty of proving the absence of all corrupt motives so considerable , that the most innocent men could hardly escape conviction . It might be said out of doors , that he urged these arguments for the purpose of preserving the free use of the patronage of his office . But he should not do justice to that office , nor to the house , unless he stated plainly his views on the subject , to whatever odium it might expose him . If he were to adopt the proposition , he would expose the consciences of all who were to succeed him to the greatest snare that could possibly be imagined.—Another object was , to guard against the possibility of conviction for the lawful expences of an election , such as the payment of agents , & c. Such expences did lawfully occur in the election for the largest counties particularly , and he instanced the last election for the county of York.—With regard to the Oath , the right hon . gent . had observed , that the difficulty of describing and qualifying the acts to which it was to refer with sufficient precision , rendered it wholly inadmissible . Suppose an oath had existed in the case of treating , one Committee might decide that a certain act came under the provisions of the treating law , while another decided in a manner directly the reverse . It would be impossible , in such cases , to ascertain what a member might safely swear , and what not . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen ) proposed