trading with France , and it was mere matter of courtesy to propose any arrangement to the American government on the subject . Now , let the house see in what a situation the relations between this country and America might be placed in consequence of this arrangement . The Non-Intercourse Act Was to expire on the 20th of May , and , in the arrangement of Mr. Erskine , there was no stipulation for re-enacting it , as against France ; so that our Orders in Council might be rescinded at the very moment that the trade between 1026 France and the United States might be perfectly open . The better half of the agreement into which Mr. Erskine was authorized to enter into with America was , that she should shut her ports against France , and this could only be done by her reviving the non-intercourse system as against that power . There was another question of a curious sort respecting the Non-Intercourse Act . When this country determined to make atonement for the injury committed against America in the affair of the Chesapeake , it proposed , through the medium of Mr. Rose , that the proclamation for excluding British ships of war from the waters and havens of the United States , should be recalled : this was refused . Any power receiving an injury from another , with whom she is in friendly intercourse , has certainly a right to call for atonement for that injury : but if without waiting to see whether it will be granted or denied , she takes her retaliation into her own hands , her right to atonement from that instant ceases . America , therefore , in resorting to retaliation , sided pro tanto , with France . Upon the change of the executive government in America , it was understood , that there was a disposition in the new government to come to an immediate arrangement on the subject of the Chesapeake . The proposal was therefore renewed . How that proposition was received by the secretary of the American government was evident from the correspondence that was published . How far that gentleman was disposed to re-establish the former relations between the two countries ; how far he was inclined to strew the path of reconciliation with flowers , any Englishman who read that gentleman 's note might judge . By Mr. Erskine 's arrangement , our Orders in Council were to be rescinded ( they are so in fact at this moment , for they can not be put in force as against America for a limited period ; ) and this great price was to be paid—for what ? Why , for six weeks liberty to trade with America . If this agreement had been transmitted to government for its approbation , no disclosure would have been made on the subject . But government was under the necessity of coming to some determination on the subject within 21 hours ; and being resolved not to sanction it , it was necessary to make the disclosure contained in the papers on the table , particularly as it was said , that the arrangement was agreeable to the Instructions to Mr. Erskine . But 1027 these reasons would not justify any farther disclosure ; such disclosure might prejudice existing or future negociations , and embarrass that ulterior arrangement , which he hoped would be terminated satisfactorily . There was another point in Mr. Erskine 's Instructions to which he found it necessary to allude . He was instructed to procure an interdict of all commerce , as well between Holland as France ; for upon what plea could the former be entitled to any exemption ? If she were a dependent power , she must follow the fate of France . If she were an independent power , and still submitted to the dictates of France , she was the more blameable , and was therefore the less an object of indulgence , How these instructions were fulfilled , would appear from the correspondence of Mr. Erskine already before the house . He must have