of filling public stations . But it is denied that this resignation was the result of the opinion expressed by the house of commons itself . It is said a very large proportion of the house decided favourably to the Duke of York , and that it was the voice of the people , alone , which compelled him to resign . In the view that I take of our constitution , considering it as a machine for practical purposes , I am satisfied when a beneficial result is attained ; nor am I anxious to inquire , when our object is accomplished , by what means it is brought about ; but surely it was parliament itself that compelled his royal highness to resign . No person who observed the public proceeding of the house , and knew the feelings and sentiments that pervaded it , would deny that it was prepared ultimately to hare concurred in a rote for his royal 655 highness 's removal from office , had not his resignation prevented it ; although it refused to record on the Journals a resolution , which , in a case of much doubt , affixed an indelible reproach on his character . But I am prepared to go still further , and to assert that this result is , in reality , the most beneficial that could be attained ; and such as a moderate and politic person would hare desired , whatever had been the light in which he viewed the conduct of the Duke of York . By his removal from office , the great practical object in view was attained ; and for all purposes of example , the public nature of the inquiry , and the result , would operate to deter others , quite as forcibly , as if we had proceeded to the severest punishment : at the same time , by refusing to record on our Journals the Resolutions proposed , we abstained from degrading monarchy in the person of a prince so nearly connected with the throne , and escaped from the serious embarrassments which would have ensued , had the regency , or the sovereignty of the realm , descended to a man disgraced and dishonoured by the deliberate and solemn vote of parliament . Lamentable , indeed , will be the condition of the country , when parliament shall be found insensible to the feelings of the nation ; but far more calamitous will be the times , when it shall become the mere echo of the voice of the people . Individually we ought to sympathize , we ought to partake of every sentiment of those , by whom , and for whom , our authority is constituted . But in the resolves of parliament , the sentiments of the people ought ever to appear softened and refined ; divested of all their grossness ; and , above all , purified from that passion and violence which is inseparable from popular feeling . But it is contended , that the practices which this bill attempts to remedy are contrary to the theory of our constitution . After what has passed in parliament ; after it has been said , that the practice complained of is `` notorious as the sun at noon-day , '' ( see p. 519 ) . it would be prudery in me to deny that something of the kind may exist . But I can not admit that it is `` notorious as the sun at noon-day ; '' and if such abuses prevail , I believe them to have been , uniformly practised in secrecy . When gentlemen , however , appeal to the theory of our constitution , they appeal to that which I do not distinctly comprehend , to something of which I suspect they themselves have no very definite con- 656 ception . So much , however , is certain , that every theory of our constitution diners altogether from the practice . Our theory supposes the power of the constitution to be lodged in three branches , checking and controlling each other ; while it is perfectly