independence , and achieve her liberty , he was therefore to consider her cause as lost ? He trusted that many , very many , more efforts would be made ere that melancholy result would ensue . He trusted that by the desultory mode of warfare now adopted , the Spaniards would gradually diminish the forces of their oppressor , and render their country a conquest which it would be difficult to make , and which it would be impossible to retain . In consistency with the principles hitherto acted upon by the British government , it was not intended to dictate to the Spaniards the line of conduct which they ought to pursue , but he trusted that it would not be long before we should learn , that they had adopted a system by which the force of France would be turned against herself with accumulated violence . Till that period , the universal rising in Spain against the scattered forces of the enemy , might prevent any great advantages being gained by them . These hopes he should not have been able to entertain , nor endeavour to inspire , had it not been for the experiment under discussion ; had not military aid been afforded to Spain , and that in such a mode as to shew that Great Britain felt an earnest desire to encounter every peril , and to share every danger , of that nation whose cause she so warmly espoused . although he was not quite so sanguine as the right hon . gent. , did not yield to him in good wishes for the Spanish cause . The difference between them was not as to the principle of assisting Spain , but as to the mode of acting upon that principle . All the papers confirmed the opinions which had before been given from his side of the house . Mr. Frere had , at last , found a friend ; and certainly no one ever stood more in need of one . But though Mr. Frere had found a friend , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had 478 lost one ; for the right hon . gent . had not in any part of his speech , undertaken to defend the general management of the campaign . The defence with respect to Ferrol was no defence at all . The Spaniards refused our offer , it was said , to garrison their naval arsenals . But were it not for the expedition to Copenhagen , there would have been no difficulty on that head . Arrangements might , however , have been made , by which the object might have been effected , had it not been that no such idea entered the heads of ministers till too late , and the favourable opportunity was lost . An article had been introduced into the Treaty , relative to the fleet at Cadiz . Why did not ministers act upon this idea sooner , with regard to the fleet at Ferrol ? He contended that it was imprudent to enter into a treaty of the nature of that now concluded , with a Junta which had concealed information , the want of which placed the British army in the greatest danger . Some of the Junta had turned out to be traitors , and he thought that consequently , his majesty 's name ought not to have been so rashly and formally committed as it was in this treaty.—He then adverted more particularly to the conduct of the campaign , and said , that it was matter of substantive charge against ministers , that they had so long delayed to send troops into Spain ; that they had spent the time in writing dispatches while Buonaparté was marching his troops . They should have sent troops at an earlier period , if they thought it fit to send them at all.—He next adverted to the state in which the army found itself when it arrived in Spain . Lord Wm . Bentinck , whose good sense he commended , had given notice as early as the 14th of November ,