, I desire not to be understood as approving , in any degree , of the latter transaction ; it is not for the credit of government , and ought to have been avoided . But let us look at times somewhat more within our own memories ; let us look at the administration of lord North . It were needless to weary the attention of the house , by tracing the various instances of ministerial influence , and of parliamentary servility , exhibited in the proceedings on the Middlesex Election ; it is sufficient to state , that towards the close of the American war , when most of the counties in England had petitioned for a careful review of our expenditure , the motion of sir George Saville , for laying before parliament the Pension-list , was rejected , and ministers condescended to inform the house of such pensions only as were payable at the exchequer . Does any minister now exist so hardy as to propose to parliament such a vote ? or if , lost to shame and prudence , he suggested such a proposition , how many of this corrupt and degraded parliament would support him ? These facts are sufficient to prove how much more pure and honest is the pre- 658 sent practise of parliament , when compared with any former period of our history ; and , indeed , gentlemen , when they talk of restoring the constitution to its ancient purity , are themselves compelled to acknowledge , that our constitution is in a progressive state of amendment . An hon . gent. , ( Mr. Whitbread ) himself the chief supporter of reform , distinctly stated the fact ; he told us , that parliament was reforming itself ; that since the Grenville act the franchise of three boroughs had been extended ; and that every borough in the kingdom was attempting to free itself from the controul of the patron by whom it had hitherto been ruled . The fact is undeniable ; and if 275 members were returned to parliament by individual interest , as was stated in the Petition for Reform in 1797 , the proportion is now greatly diminished . No one can deny the sentiment that now pervades every town and city in the empire ; nor is it to be doubted , that in a very few years their independence will be exerted to such a degree , that no returns will be made by individuals , but those who are possessed of burgage tenure . Is it nothing , likewise , that , by the operation of the wise laws alluded to early in the debate , all the disorder , all the riot , all the confusion formerly incident to elections , is at an end ? In former times these were great and serious evils ; they were not the pretences on which the septennial act was justified ; but they were felt by grave and well-disposed persons to be of such a nature , as greatly to serve in justifing parliament , when it extended its own power and duration . Even Mr. Burke , in our own times , in arguing this question , speaks of the disorders , attendant on elections as an important consideration , why the duration of parliaments should not be shortened . Every one has read of the disorders that ensued in the metropolis , on the election of Trentham and Vandeput ; we ourselves witnessed the evils incident to the elections of Mr. Fox and lord John Townshend . Is it no benefit , that such scenes of violence and disorder are now entirely at an end ; and that the elections in 1806 and 1807 were conducted with as little confusion as occurs in the annual choice of our magistrates ? —Another great and important change stands recorded , by the most incontrovertible of all evidence—our own proceedings . The house had occasion to scrutinize the mode of election in no less than eighty cases , in the short 659 space of a twelvemonth ; and in no one instance was bribery