highest authority , and it is intended to leave 200,000l . per annum to maintain those which have been constructed in repair . Under the head of Charges of Management , the hon . member has attempted to shew an error in calculation on the part of the hon . member behind me . He has denied that a diminished rate of management of 1l . 12s . 6d . per cent . would afford a saving of a million a year ; and he seemed to rejoice extremely at the discovery which he had made . But the hon . member is himself grossly in error . He has calculated the saving upon the amount of the charges for management of 2,800,000l . and not upon the amount of the gross receipt of the revenue of 64,000,000l . on which he ought to have calculated it , and which calculation would have shewn him that the saving would exceed a million . As to what the hon . member has said of the impracticability of reducing the rate of the charges of collecting the revenue lower than it is now , I , Sir , can never accede to that doctrine ; to pay near three millions a year for the business of collection , is to pay a most enormous sum , and a fact , that on the face of it proves an alteration of system to be absolutely necessary . The whole of the excise revenue is collected at little more than 2 per cent . Why , therefore , 3 per cent , should be too low a rate upon the whole revenue , it not easy to understand , unless that the other departments , being of longer standing , were more encumbered with sinecure offices , pensions and established habits of wasteful expenditure . In regard to the charge of collecting the revenue in Ireland , the hon . member had said nothing . It was proposed to reduce 1128 the rate from 11l . 12s . 6d . per cent , to 4l . 12s . 6d . the rate at which the English revenue is now collected , and this would effect a saving of 388,000l . No one , Sir , I believe , can deny that there exists good ground for effecting this saving . I am sure that I know of no reason arising from local circumstances , why this rate of 4l . 12s . 6d . should not be fully sufficient ; and if proper measures were adopted , I feel quite confident that it would prove to be so . The saving which had been proposed to be made by taking away the bounties on promoting and encouraging trade and manufactures , can not be disputed by any one who forms his opinion on the subject , upon the established principles of political economy ; and the hon . member not having objected to the amount which has been set down , in consequence of some of these bounties being rather of the nature of drawbacks of duty , than direct bounties for the mere encouragement of trade , as I had in some part conceived them to be , there is good ground to infer that a saving to that amount may be efcted . In speaking of the commissioners for auditing the public accounts , and inquiring into financial abuses , what the honourable member behind me said , has been wholly misunderstood . He said that he found these several boards cost the public 80,000l . per annum , and that the progress made by them in auditing the accounts , and detecting abuses , was very slow and inadequate to such an expenditure , and that it would be better to appoint select Committees of this house to do that business , having one board of auditors to transact the business of each current year . If I understood the hon . member correctly , he proposed this plan with a view of ascertaining , in the most expeditious manner , what part of the six or seven hundred millions ,