he had met with , what terms were too strong to reprobate such a conduct in those concerned in such a proceeding ? How did the present case stand ? By a statute made in 1806 , it was enacted , that any officer in the customs or excise in Ireland , convicted of taking money in the execution of his office , should be incapable of holding any place under the government . By a former statute on the same subject , it was declared , that such persons , taking a bribe for neglecting their duty , should be incapable of holding any employment ; but it was found they got out of this statute , by asserting they took money for performing their duty . To remedy which the former statute was enacted . It appealed from the report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into abuses in the Customs and Excise in Ireland , that in Sept. 1806 , they called before them a person of the name of Beauchamp Hill . Upon his examination , he stated , he had been a surveyor for four years , and that he was in the habit of taking a present of 20 guineas per month from every still contained in his walk . It also appeared , by his examination , that he justified this practice on the ground of precedent and notoriety , and also from necessity , owing to the inadequacy of his salary to his support . This might be admitted as some excuse in his favour , but still the law was precise in marking the offence , and pointing out the penalty ; and though the offence might be overlooked on the plea of 788 necessity , yet he conceived that should have been the extent of the mercy shewn him . Notwithstanding , however , he was found , in the month of March , 1808 , promoted to the office of Inspector-General of Excise ; that is , to oversee that others did not abuse that trust of which he himself had been convicted ; and this , jointly with another person , in the room of two , who were removed on charges of misconduct , which they had denied , and upon which they had demanded a trial . He concluded with moving : `` That it appears to this house , that , by the 46th of his majesty , ch . 88 , it was enacted , on the 12th July 1806 , that any Officer of Customs or Excise in Ireland , who should , directly or indirectly , ask , take , or receive any sum or sums of money from any Distiller , for or on any account whatsoever , should be deemed and taken to be guilty of a misdemeanor , and should be rendered incapable of holding any office or employment civil or military : —that it appears to this house , from the fifth Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry in Ireland , appointed by parliament , that Mr. Beauchamp Hill declared before the said Commissioners of Enquiry , in his examination upon oath , in the month of Sept. 1806 , that he the said Beauchamp Hill , being a surveyor of excise , was then , and had been for some time previous to his said examination , receiving 20 guineas per month from each distiller in the district committed to his charge , which was a part of the city of Dublin : —That it appears to this house , that , on the 8th day of March , 1808 , the said Beauchamp Hill , having , by his own confession , under the provisions of the before-recited act , incurred the penalty of incapacitation attached to his misconduct , was promoted to the responsible office of inspector-general of that department of the revenue in which this breach of the law was committed , in direct violation of the enactment of the said statute . '' said , that certainly owing to the inadequacy of their salaries , an universal system of corruption had formerly existed