most awful moment : he did not attribute improper motives to any man , but he had unfortunately long been of opinion that the system upon which the government had for some time acted , was not such as ought to be continued—and had the further misfortune to concur with many others , who thought that if it was continued the most calamitous consequences might ensue within a period , up to which , those in that house , who were not very old , might live . Therefore , great as was the inconvenience of granting those unlimited powers , which it was proposed to vest in this committee , he must , without any prejudice or partiality as to this or that government , rote for the noble lord 's motion . Considering the 63 times , considering the state of public opinion , he thought that the investigation , however inconvenient , ought not to stifled . He took it for granted , that the noble lord was prepared to bring some points before the committee as soon as it was constituted ; and he could conceive that he might have some very rational reasons for not chusing to mention them at present . Understanding the motion to be directed not particularly against the existing government or any other , but generally against abuses , he felt it his duty to support it . He venerated the antient institutions of the country , and no better proof could be given of that veneration than to strike at the abuses which had crept into them and threatened their destruction . The great object was to root out the system of corruption and abuse , and believing this to be the design of the noble lord 's motion , and conceiving it , notwithstanding its inconveniencies , to be well calculated for that purpose , he could not refuse to give it all the support in his power . .—Sir ; the right hon . gent . below me , who made the charge against the noble lord , of not having stated in his notice the nature of his intended motion , can certainly not support that charge ; for the noble lord did in his notice distinctly state , in substance , the nature of his motion ; and that , too , in terms sufficiently explanatory to authorize him in bringing it forward in its present shape . Sir , I can not agree with those gentlemen who object to the adoption of this motion , on the ground that it is of too general and indefinite a nature . The objects which are intended to be included in the inquiry are three ; and they are certainly specifically stated . The first applies to the mode that was adopted of augmenting the army at the time of colonel French 's levy being on foot ; the next , to the illicit purchase and sale of commissions in the army ; and the third , to the infamous traffick in the disposal of places in various departments of the State . The powers demanded for this Committee are therefore by no means of that general nature which has been asserted . It has been said that the Committee would have an object of inquiry to seek , as their labours would commence without having one before them But this I deny ; for here are three specific objects , every one of which is specifically named , to which the inquiries of the Committee are proposed to be directed . I make these observations with a view of showing 64 that no such charge as that which has been brought against the motion can be supported . But , were the motion more general even than it is , I for one , should certainly vote for it . It is impossible to have sat in this house , and have heard what has passed here , and to have read so much of what has passed elsewhere , without entertaining a strong suspicion of the existence of numerous , crying , and notorious abuses in