easily be shaken , nor affected by slight and common-place arguments . I have stated fully and dispassionately , and I hope clearly and satisfactorily , to this house and to the public , the Remedy 1056 for all our Grievances , which I have been so often called upon to produce . I have obeyed that call : in that at least I hope I have given satisfaction.—The Remedy I have proposed is simple , constitutional , practicable , and safe , calculated to give satisfaction to the People , to preserve the Rights of the Crown , and to restore the balance of the Constitution . These have been the objects of my pursuit—to these have I always directed my attention—higher I do not aspire , lower I can not descend . I conjure this house to consider the necessity of doing something to satisfy the rational expectations of the public , that , we should not go back to our respective parts of the country in our present acknowledged contaminated condition , without holding out some reasonable hope to the country for its peace and tranquillity , that a Reform adequate to the removal of the enormous and multiplied Abuses and Corruption now known to exist , and which I contend can only be effected by a House of Commons fairly chosen by the people , will early in the next session be entertained with good faith , and taken into our most serious consideration—I would have the timid bear in mind , who stand so much in dread of Innovation , that the simple Remedy now proposed is but a recurrence to those Laws and that Constitution , the departure from which has been the sole cause of that accumulation of evils which we now endure—that in many cases timidity is no less fatal than rashness—and `` That the omission to do what is necessary , seals a commission to a blank of danger . `` —I shall now conclude with moving , `` That this house will , early in the next session of parliament , take into consideration the necessity of a Reform in the Representation . '' seconded the motion . thought it incumbent upon him to trouble the house with a few observations , after what had fallen from the hon . baronet ; and they would be but a few . The object of the hon . baronet appeared to be , that the house should give a pledge that it would , early in the next session , go into a Committee on the State of the Representation . He saw no reason whatever for entering upon the question of reform at all , and therefore could not agree to vote for any such pledge . In many of the propositions stated by the hon . baronet , he was unable to follow him . Among other things , he assumed it as a fact , that the 1057 people were in general desirous of a reform . This he absolutely denied ; and affirmed , that on the contrary , they were more united against reform than almost upon any other question—because they thought reform unnecessary . He admitted that the hon . baronet was accustomed to associate with a certain description of persons who were desirous of reform , and who would willingly pass such resolutions on the subject as he proposed to them . But it did not at all follow from that circumstance , that the generality of the people were favourable to reform . He really was at a loss exactly to know what the hon . baronet proposed himself . The hon . baronet said , that all he wanted was to be found upon the statute law of the land . What could he find there that could destroy the ordinary practice of the constitution ? The statutes indeed were explicit on the subject of the representation ; but something more than this was to be found in the practice of the constitution with regard to that house . What did the hon . baronet propose to do with respect to the privileges