the previous question was carried upon the first resolution , and the second was negatived without a division . rose for the purpose of submitting to the house the proposition of which he had given notice , and to which he could not anticipate the slightest rational objection . It was his intention to have pressed this proposition on a former night , if he had not been induced to withdraw it on that occasion , in consequence of the suggestions of several members , that they were not prepared to discuss the question then , as it had come upon them by surprise . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had declared himself ready to meet the question in that instance , and to give a direct negative to a Resolution , that it was desirable still further to limit the number of persons , holding places , or pensions , or sinecures , having seats in that house . That right hon . gent . could not have forgotten the foundation of the reference to the Committee of Finance on this subject , which reference had grown out of a proposition of a noble lord ( lord Cochrane ) now member for Westminster , submitted to that house on the 7th of July 1807 . The ground upon which the noble lord had brought forward that proposition , was the impression upon his own mind , that the influence of the crown in that house was considerable , and a conviction , that , according to the opinion of the public , the influence , of the crown in parliament was too great ; that the corruptions which were known to exist , were the necessary consequence of that influence ; and that a solemn investigation was necessary in order to ascertain by what constitutional means means it could be reduced . With a view to this investigation , the noble lord h id moved for a return of all the places , pensions , sinecures , offices , or emoluments under government , enjoyed by persons having seats in that house , or by their immediate connections . The right hon . gent . however , generalized the proposition of the noble lord , in the reference he made to the Committee , directing it to report upon all sinecures , pension , & c. distinguishing those held by members of parliament . It was said at the time , that the object of the right hon . gent . was to slur over the matter , and to mix it with other considerations , in such a manner , that it would be impossible to come to any distinct decision upon the real 935 question . He did not mean to say , that the right hon . gent . had any such intention ; but certainly the effect of his interference on the occasion was , that the whole question became so confused , that the simple and distinct proposition of the noble lord was absolutely lost in the extraneous complicated matter blended with it . When the house had been lately in a Committee on the Bill of his hon . friend , and a reference was made to the original intention in forming the Committee of Finance , it was proposed to leave out the word `` influence , '' as if the reference to that Committee extended only to economy and not to influence . The noble lord who had originated the proposition for the appointment of the Committee , was at the time in the house ; and he had expected that the noble lord would have taken the occasion to recal the attention of the house to the real state of the original reference to the Committee . As the noble lord had left the house without saying any thing upon the subject , he then felt himself bound to move the Amendment he had submitted to the Committee , which the right hon . gent . had declared himself ready to meet , but which , on the suggestions of others , he had then been