Revenue Officers , innumerable other obstacles to a free communication arise from the circumstances of hostility . Our Navy , our Army , nay , even the Navy and the Army of our exasperated enemy , contribute to protect the Revenue . But to continue these duties , when a free communication is restored , would not be to enrich the Exchequer , but to swell the profits of the smuggler , and deprave the morals of the people . The charge of 2,200,000l . has already been thrown upon these Excise duties ; and I leave the House to judge whether more can be attempted.—And it is almost superfluous to point out the wide difference between the inconveniencies of a temporary charge , for a few years , as proposed by the late Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the long continued pledge of the . Right Hon . Gentleman . A second objection to this diversion of the War Taxes from the purposes for which they were originally granted by Parliament , is , the continual and progressive increase it must occasion in the difficulty of raising the supplies . Supposing ( which I have shewn not to be the fact ) that there remain a considerable sum , which might not improperly be continued , in time of Peace ; still as the amount of the Loan must 1146 annually be augmented by a sum , equal to the War Taxes which have been appropriated both by that , and all preceding Loans , they would be most rapidly consumed , by a continual accumulation of compound Interest ; and when it shall become unavoidable to seek for fresh funds for these augmented Loans , where will they be found , and in what state of credit will these Loans be raised ? If the Right Honourable Gentleman thinks that the People , having been indulged with a respite from further taxation , will return to it more rapidly , he is greatly mistaken . Having once been told by authority , that further burdens were either intolerable or unnecessary , they will readily listen to those , who will never be wanting to tell them the same thing again ; and they will be disposed to countenance wild plans of retrenchment , and chimerical schemes of Finance . Another most important objection occurs when we consider the establishment which it will probably be necessary to maintain , whenever Peace may be concluded . It has been not unusual to insert , among Resolutions of this nature , a conjectural Estimate of the future Peace establishment . But I have not thought it advisable to propose any thing so vague and uncertain , and depending on so many contingencies , beyond the reach of any human foresight . Yet thus much I must be allowed to say , that judging from every circumstance within our knowledge , and unless a state of things wholly dissimilar from what now exists shall take place , our Peace establishment must so far exceed whatever has hitherto been known in this country , as to require , in addition to the ordinary revenue , the continuance of as large a portion of the War Taxes , as can by any one be deemed proper to be supported during Peace . It is an objection not less important , though of a totally different nature from any of the preceding , that the system of Finance pursued this year , has the strongest possible tendency to encourage prodigality in the public expenditure . It is no less true in public than in private œconomy , that what is easily acquired , is often needlessly spent . It is also the natural bias of every department , and may even proceed from laudable though inconsiderate zeal for the public service , to draw to itself as large a portion as possible of the Supplies . If this be not checked ( as I fear at present it can not be ) by a firm 1147 and over-ruling controul at the Treasury , it naturally leads to an indefinite and wasteful expence . But