of her damages , the ship under capt . Hardinge 's command was obliged to fall back in order to repair . The Frenchman did the same , and took that occasion to sheer off '' . On other minds this circumstance may have operated far differently than it did on the mind of capt . Hardinge . After having refitted , he proceeded not out of the enemy 's course , but again came up with and engaged him . The result of this action deprived the service of a most gallant and distinguished officer . The hon . 610 gent . could not here , he said , neglect to pay the deserved tribute to the exertions of lieut . Dawson , who seconded with vigour and effect the operations of his lamented officer . The hon . gent , felt that the address he was now making was directed to an assembly composed of those who were acquainted with the acts by which a gratitude for and admiration of such acts were to be created in posterity . They were men who knew how to appreciate the incentives to casting off a life of luxurious ease , and embracing the rugged duties of a life devoted to the service . It was well known also what feelings were entertained on this head at periods of the remotest antiquity.—After having read the account of this last gallant exploit performed by capt . Hardinge , as transmitted officially by sir Edward Pellew , the hon . gent , called the attention of the house to the request mad * by sir J. Mackenzie , a man , who well knew how to estimate true glory and great achievements ; that the inhabitants of Bombay would erect a monument to the gallant capt . Hardinge . He also noticed the letter of gen. Maitland , governor of Ceylon , which spoke in the strongest commendatory terms of the services performed by the fallen hero . Those testimonials must be highly pleasing to the friends of capt . Hardinge . Admiral Tyler stated his ardent wish that a monument should be erected to the memory of this distinguished officer . A great and illustrious commander ( earl St. Vincent ) , in his letter on this occasion , broke out into most rapturous expressions on the bravery and conduct of so young a man . The hon . gent . felt it necessary to state what he did , as some dissent to his proposition might arise . He trusted , however , that if any dissent did take place , it would be only created by an adherence to the cold forms of office . It would be seen that capt . Faulkner was rewarded for a single action . It was not his wish by extending the grant of honours by any means to cheapen them.—The hon . gent , concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to direct that a monument be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of capt . George Nicholas Hardinge , of the San Fiorenzo frigate , as a reward for ihe services performed by him in the course of a short but gallant life , and particularly for the protection he afforded to the Indian trade , in successive Actions with a 611 vessel of superior force , in the month , of March 1808 ; and his majesty 's faithful Commons will make good the expellees attendant on the same . '' felt himself under the necessity , however reluctantly , of opposing the motion ; because , if once the principle were to grow into practice of voting a monument to every officer whose valour might lead to a loss of his life in actions with single ships or frigates , not only Would the claims upon the country become innumerable ( such was the prominent valour of our naval officers ) , but the thing from its frequency would cease to be , what it now was