he people . The sort of feeling that became a representative of the people was a common interest with the people at large . Those who held these sinecures and pensions had a different interest . They had other people to look to , to whom they were bound , if not by expectancy , at least by gratitude , and therefore they were not altogether as independent as other men , or as fit for representatives of the people . If they did not expect any thing from ministers , therefore , they had their debt of gratitude to pay to them , and did not continue with the people , as true and honest representatives ought to do . On this ground he objected to them as much as to persons having pensions during pleasure . did not conceive that the reduction of placemen in that house would produce much effect . The increase of the influence of the crown was principally from the increased patronage in the revenue , the army , and navy , but did not appear directly upon the members of that house . Though the influence of the crown , upon the whole , had greatly increased , it had rather diminished in that house . The immense military force , and the expenditure of the country , were the causes of this increased influence , which , though it did not operate so much in that house , had a great effect on the country at large . His hon . friend would agree with him , that the inflence of the crown , instead of increasing , had diminished in that house , when he stated that in 1738 the number of persons having places and pensions under the crown amounted to 234 , having among them an income from the public purse of 212,000l . per annum . The observation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , however , as to the motion of Mr. Dunning , did not apply . He did not allude in that motion to the influence of the crown in that house , but to the influence of the crown generally . That great man would have been the last person in the country to admit , that the influence of the crown in that house ought to prevail , or that such an idea ever had been , or ever ought to be , entertained in parliament.—One reason why he agreed with the motion , was , because he thought the Welsh Judges ought to be excluded from seats in that house , as should also the Masters in Chancery . He once more begged to recommend to the right hon . gent . the review of the establishment as to the Welsh 947 Judges , and particularly that fiction of law , that there was one sovereign of this country and another of Wales . He thought the Welsh Judges should be removed entirely , that Wales should be treated as a part of England , and three more added to the number of the Judges of this country . said , he felt not the least difficulty in agreeing with the motion proposed . It seemed to him , that after the Report of the Committee of Finance upon this subject , and the consideration given to that Report in the course of last week , if they were to negative this motion it would be almost saying to the country , that they were to disregard totally that part of the Report ; a proceeding which would be most impolitic , injurious , and improvident . He was not prepared to say what offices or sinecures ought to be abolished ; at the same time he could venture to say , that his views of the subject did not coincide entirely with those who had spoken , though he was convinced that something should be done . To say that it was only necessary to exclude the members holding official situations , from that house , shewed an ignorance of the constitution , and the manner in which the government was