was on this ground , frankly stated by the Spanish government as likely to mislead many of their countrymen , that they declined an offer in which they allowed they did not see any thing dangerous or dishonourable . But a much more important consideration than even the principles on which this instrument was founded , was the relative situation in which the events at the close 473 of the last campaign left the two countries . He would not enter into a critical examination of every military movement of the last campaign . Such a retrospect would be very painful , and certainly was not necessary on that occasion . But it was necessary , and would be his duty , to follow the noble lord , when he attributed a part of the operations of the campaign ( which he believed the noble lord considered to have been misconducted , but which he himself did not think had been misconducted ) not to the free will of the general who commanded , but to the improper interference of his majesty 's ministers in Spain . This was a question which it would be difficult completely to decide , it both the individuals who were concerned in it were members of that house , and if , fortunately , both were alive , capable of stating the facts to parliament , and of rendering further service to their country . It was distressing , therefore , to come to the discussion under the difficulties which existed upon it . When the individual , in whose defence it was probably expected he should speak , though living , was not present , and when the other individual , for whose memory he entertained the highest respect , was no more , he would freely acknowledge , that even if the error imputed were an error of great magnitude , the battle of Corunna ought to obliterate it ; but he imputed no such error . He would say , that on a fair examination of the evidence , with as much impartiality as he could assume , and on a free comparison of his own sentiments , with those of others , be believed in his conscience , that the fact of sir John Moore 's advance ( so much condemned by the noble lord ) being attributable to the interference of Mr. Frere , was not true . If he thought otherwise , he should by no means be disposed to shield Mr. Frere from the responsiblity of it ; for considering the advance in a military point of view , in his poor judgment he could not but think it a wise measure ; but in every view which ennobled military objects by exalting military character , he was sure it was a perfectly wise measure . So far , therefore , from shielding Mr. Frere from the responsibility attached to this forward movement , he should rather hail it for him as a most meritorious act . But truth compelled him to declare , that although he did not think it a blameable measure , the merit of it was not Mr. Frere 's . Of this he 474 was convinced , that if the gallant general , whose loss the country had to regret , was present to state his own case , the house would never have heard from him one word of the tendency of the noble lord 's observations . To this conviction he had not brought his mind on light grounds . It was founded on the fact , that sir John Moore had not transmitted his correspondence with Mr. Frere to government.—Did the noble lord mean to attribute to sir J. Moore , that having made a movement , by which the existence of the British army was endangered , he withheld from government any knowledge of the motives on which he had acted ? This would be to prefer a serious charge against that gallant officer , who , he dared to say , had never been wanting to his duty , but who would have been wanting to his