revenue this year fell short of that of last year by about 300,000l . but this was owing to the peculiar circumstances of the war ; some falling , too , was to be expected this year , when compared with a year of great abundance , and could not possibly be such a cause of despondency as the hon . gent . 's statements went to make it . Mr. Huskisson then went into a detail of his financial operations of last year in mortgaging one million of the duties on malt and sugar to pay off Exchequer bills ; instead of allowing it to go as usual to the consolidated fund . By this means there was an apparent defalcation in the present year to that amount , which did not exist in reality , as would be found in the re- 865 ceipt of the revenue for the year 1810 . With regard to the Convoy duty , that must necessarily cease on the re-establishment of peace ; but it did not follow that a considerable part of what was now raised under the head of Convoy duty might not then be continued under the denomination of Customs . There was no reason , then , for the despondency manifested by the hon . gentlemen , but this he did not state in opposition to the proposition that economy was desirable ; while the burdens continued to be so great as they were , in his opinion , the house required no other incitement to alleviate them by every means in their power . , in explanation , stated , that he quoted from the returns laid before the house as to the funds to be relied upon in the event of peace . There was at least one part of the war taxes , namely , the Convoy duty , which must inevitably cease . considered that a fallacy had run through the whole of the statement made by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) as in his calculations he had not stated the produce of new taxes laid on in 1808 to the amount of 1,700,000l . The noble lord was going on to point out this supposed inaccuracy , when rose and corrected his misconception of the matter . He shewed , that what the noble lord intended to consider as new taxes , were only a new arrangement of the assessed taxes already in existence . said , he did not expect the debate would have taken the turn which it appeared to have done . He thought , however , his hon . friend who brought forward these Resolutions , had acted very right in drawing the attention of the house to economy . As , however , the hon . gent . who had just sat down had gone into figures on the occasion , he would beg leave to state a few similar facts from a paper he happened accidentally to have in his pocket , but which he never had an idea till that moment of mentioning on the present occasion . He calculated that , upon the arrival of peace , if it were to take place to-morrow , the amount of the public expenditure for the support of the army , navy , and miscellaneous charges , would , at least , be equal to 48 millions , to which add the interest upon exchequer bills , which would make it exceed 49 millions , and he would ask , how was this sum to be provided ? The whole of the revenue , applicable to a peace establishment , 866 he estimated at about 38,500,000l. , and the deficit must , of course , be supplied either by new taxes , or by loans . According to his estimate the deficit would exceed 11 millions , but even according to the statement of his hon . friend , it would amount to more than 8 millions . This deficit would be to be met either by continuing the war taxes , or by a loan , or by raising new taxes ; unless