Mr. White , and he was surprised it was permitted , as justice seemed to say decidedly , that for the same offence there should be the same measure of punishment . He would not say whether he should bring forward any motion on the subject till the question in the house of lords was determined ; but he hoped that in the mean time those who had it in their power would take care that justice should be fairly dispensed . In allusion to what had fallen from an hon . friend of his on the other side of the house , that he was surprised he would present a petition from persons who were of that description , viz . libellers , his answer to this was , he thought that a strong reason why he should bring it up ; for obnoxious persons were generally those seized on by the executive government , and were the means by which such proceedings creep 191 into practice , and which might afterwards become detrimental and injurious to the subjects in the general.— requested the attention of the house to the few observations he had to submit to their consideration , previous to his bringing forward the motion of which he had given notice . The Bill which it was his intention to move for leave to bring in , was , word for word , the same as that which had already twice passed that house , but which had as often been rejected by the house of lords , on the ground of its being desirable that the business should be further considered . This question had already received the most ample investigation and discussion . The measure , his lordship observed , which he recommended Was no object originating in his own legislative views , it grew out of two Reports of that house , and was the first practical act recommended for adoption by two successive committees appointed by that house . In that house it had been on former occasions received without a dissentient voice ; even the king 's ministers did not feel it either justifiable or politic to interfere with it in its passage through that house . But an opposition formidable in its means and persevering in its hostility appeared in another branch of the legislature , and was for a time successful , not only against the unanimous feeling of that house , but also against the general and expressive voice of the country . The principle of the measure , after some modifications , had however at length passed that house , meeting in its progress considerable opposition in a quarter were one should suppose every duty to the country and every regard to personal dignity forbade intrusion . The opposition that was there exerted , was a question of no easy solution , but the protest which was subsequently affixed upon the Journals of that house , held no inconsiderable rank amongst the follies of princes either of past or present times . For that extraordinary record of human ingenuity he could not assign any rational motive , and for that best of all reasons that no rational cause was assignable . Every man who venerated the throne and loved the constitution , saw with pain the names affixed to that protest ( alluding to the signatures of the Dukes of York , Cumberland and Cambridge to the protest against the present Reversion Act ) . That 192 feeling , however painful , was considerably alleviated by the consideration that the prince nearest to the throne , and first in the public estimation and hopes , had too great a knowledge of the interests , and too strong an affection for the constitution of his country , to commit his character and his principles by giving his august signature to such a record . The nature of the Bill he meant to propose was perfectly well known to the house : for the value of it he would refer them to the third Report of the Committee of Finance . As to any objection that might be made to