is called upon to put a stop to the traffic in seats is , the open and unblushing disclosure of the practice . It is become , as has been truly said , as open and indisputable as the sun at noon day.—What is the sensation this has produced in the public mind ? Let me ask , gentlemen , has there been a public meeting in any part of the kingdom that has not expressed their sentiments upon the necessity of the reform of parliament ? Do those gentlemen who con- 780 tend against putting a stop to the sale of seats in this house , flatter themselves their arguments will convince those out of doors , whatever they do those within , that such things are right and ought to be tolerated ? If they account us of any authority , the unvaried opinion of all former times , are they not in direct opposition to them ? The honour , the dignity , and security of this branch of the legislature , is recognized to depend on its purity . The best and most esteemed writers upon the constitution are agreed , that the esteem and veneration of the people is the foundation of the democratic part of our government.—Can those who are best willing to contemplate the present crisis , overlook the peculiarities of the present moment ? In all other times , the people have addressed their complaints to us , and looked to this house for redress . Is that the case now ? What has produced this conduct , so different from former times ? Does it proceed from the people having more or less confidence in us ? In answer to those who say , how has the nation thriven , and could this have been the case if the system had been so ruinous and bad as is now represented ? Sir , there are who will equally contend , that hitherto the exertions of the people have been a counterpoise to those growing evils . As proofs , they point to the * accumulation of our enormous national debt ; the oppressive burdens under which the nation labours . They charge the facility with which , for the last hundred years , we have entered into wars , and the pertinacity with which they have too frequently been persevered in ; the pliability of parliament they attribute to the defects of its construction , as well as all the other evils under which they suffer . The people loudly express their disbelief that any one would sacrifice every six years five thousand guineas to procure a seat in this house , without having views that it would be unbecoming in me to state . Sir , with such sentiments entertained of us by the public , is there any rational hope we can regain our lost consequence , or re-establish ourselves in the public opinion , whilst we suffer the continuance of a practice so degrading . Our nakedness is so apparent , that unless we are determined to renounce all sense of modesty , some measures must be taken : our neglecting will be considered as equal to refusing to act , and must disgust all the sound and virtuous part of the community . All those who wish our destruction , ( if 781 any number of such there be ) will rejoice if we omit to put an end to such practices . It will be in vain to condemn the practice hereafter , if , after its present notoriety , we do not put an effectual stop to it.—Those who argue the present feelings of the people will soon subside , and that in a short time their demands for Parliamentary Reform will be forgotten , appear to me to have taken a very superficial view of the state of the country . I can not believe the people of England to be so besotted as to look with indifference upon the most important of their privileges.—The pride , the boast of this nation , has been in its right of chusing the persons , into