it any precise detailed calculation . It might not have been , practicable to keep down the annual expenditure to 32 or 33,000,000l. , stated in that plan , though he thought much might have been done towards the attainment of that object ; but the great advantage of that system would have been , that the excess of expenditure above that sum being to be provided for by immediate taxes , parliament and the country would have been fully aware of the increase of the expenditure by the proposed increase of taxes , and a salutary inquiry into the cause of that increase would have been the necessary result . On the contrary , under the plan of the present ministers , the people were to be deluded with the shew of imposing 914 no taxes , whilst the enormous increase of expenditure was kept out of sight , and a permanent burden was imposed , which tended to the ruin and destruction of our resources . The noble earl had stated , that under the plan of the late administration 3,600,000l . would now have been mortgaged , and that under the present plan 2,200,000l . only were mortgaged ; but mark the difference , by the former there would only have been an annuity for fourteen years with the improved operation of the sinking fund created , whilst by the present plan a burden of 1,000,000l . a year was imposed for ever upon the country . The present ministers had no sooner come into office , than they set about deranging this plan of their predecessors . It was true that it was partly adhered to in the first year ; but with this marked difference , that the property tax was included in the pledge , which it was the object of the late ministers to exclude . By the plan of the late administration , the war , as stated by his noble friend ( lord Sid-mouth , ) might have been carried on indefinitely . The enemy aiming at nothing short of our destruction , had adopted two modes of attempting that object , which he sometimes pursued united , sometimes separately ; the one was direct attempts upon the country , the other endeavouring to wear us out by protracted hostility and , thereby exhaust our resources . To repel the former , we must rely upon the valour and discipline of our navy and army , to the spirit and bravery of the people . To meet the latter , it became necessary to adopt some permanent plan which should place our resources beyond the peril of being thus exhausted by the artifices or obstinacy of the enemy . It was with this view that the plan of the late administration was formed , under which each portion of the war taxes , after paying off in fourteen years the sums charged upon it , would have been released from all incumbrance , and again applicable to the public service for a similar purpose ; and thus we might have been enabled to maintain the dreadful contest in which we were engagad indefinitely , and convince the enemy , that he could have no hope in continuing the war of being enabled either to exhaust our means , or to render us more accessible to his power by any perseverance in his designs against our finances . But what must be the consequence if the plan of the present ministers were persevered in ? by pledging one 915 million a year in perpetuity , it must be evident to every one , it must immediately be evident to the enemy , that at the end of a certain definite period our resources must be utterly exhausted ; for when the war taxes should be in this way all mortgaged in perpetuity , to what resource could the noble earl then resort to carry on the war , or to support the credit of the country ? He was , however , glad to hear from the noble earl , that this arrangement of the present year was not intended as part