1808 , and any information of which his majesty 's government may be in possession relative thereto , or relative to the two Letters of the right hon . John Hookham Frere to sir John Moore , dated Talavera de 264 la Reyna , the 3d of December 1808 , and to the message which is stated to have accompanied those Letters . '' had already communicated to the hon . gent , that it was impossible to comply with his motion , because government had no such papers as he had moved for to produce . He left the house to judge of the candour of the hon . gent . under these circumstances , who seemed to have taken this occasion to throw out insinuations against Mr. Frere before the time for discussing the subject altogether had arrived . He had heard this with feelings which he would not trust himself to express . When the proper moment came he would endeavour to discharge his public duties and those of private friendship . He was surprised the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) had not called the hon . gent . to order when he was reading the extract from the letter of the Junta ; he who had on a former occasion made so much noise about garbled extracts . That letter , however , was not in the possession of government ; and as to the other part of the motion , all the communications of Mr. Frere on the subject were on the table . observed , that the offence of his hon . friend had not deserved the wrath of the right honourable secretary . It was extremely proper to move for these papers , and to state the grounds of the motion , even though government had them not to produce ; for it was very important to know that there were no such documents ; and this fact did not operate much in favour of Mr. Frere . As to his calling his hon . friend to order , the right hon . gent . ought to be aware that there was a difference between reading an extract of a letter in moving for a paper , and the production of garbled extracts to form a foundation for a vote of the house . This was what they had complained of ; for a Secretary of State might by this means give any complexion to the documents that would best suit his own purposes . stated that Mr. Frere had accompanied the Junta when they left Madrid , and could have known nothing of Charmilly , or the letter of Morla , had it not been that the Junta stopped at Talavera de la Reyna , on their way to Seville . Here Charmilly found him , when on his way to sir John Moore , with a direct communication , never intended to be forwarded through Mr. Frere . did not know whether the right hon . gent . had attended to the extent of his hon . friend 's motion . He wished he would state whether there was any communication from Mr. Frere relative to the two letters which he had sent to sir John Moore , and which had been received by him when Charmilly arrived ? did not know of any . said , there were no documents at his office on the subject , cither from Mr. Frere or sir John Moore . He wished to correct a mistake , which , he understood , to have prevailed . It had been said , that Charmilly went to Spain recommended by him . There was no foundation for the report . Charmilly had applied to him to be sent , but he had told him that he did not know of any service in which he would be wanted , and he really never knew that the gentleman was in Spain till the mention of this transaction . would reserve what he had to say on the subject of Mr. Frere 's conduct till the proper time , but he supposed the