as to the allusions which had been made to his noble relation 's offices ; the balance did not remain in his hands , it was lodged in the Bank . commented on the sur- 201 prising silence with which ministers were afflicted all of a sudden ; it was one of their periodical fits . He remembered , indeed , one occasion on which a plain blunt man , telling a plain blunt story , produced a splendid tirade from the right hon . gent , opposite , ( Mr. Canning ) , but now he seemed completely dumb ; there was no getting a word from him . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had , indeed , condescended to give his opinion on the subject , and what had he said ? Why , indeed , this bill would produce very little saving . For his part , he always looked with a jealous eye at such expressions . This bill might produce a little saving , that bill might produce a little , and the other bill produce a little , and all these little savings rise to something considerable . He was an advocate for a partial reform , but he would not go too far ; much , however , was to be done before that could be objected . Many Reports on the table were yet to be considered , and those reports would , if properly attended to , prove a mine of wealth . Much saving might yet be effected by economy , `` Magnum vec- `` tigal parsimonia '' was an old and true saying . But this saving could not be effected , because the people thought it necessary ! The Lord Chancellor had , it seems , said he would advise the king to grant an office in reversion , merely because the Suspension Bill was passed . Perhaps he would wish to give that advice in order that his royal master might fix upon him for the reversion ( A laugh . ) That noble lord was , it seems , a great reversionist himself , and on that account would not wish so good a thing should be abolished . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , too , deprecated the nomination of committees , `` wide-wasting '' committees , as they had been called ; they did waste a little indeed ; they wasted the Bank a little , and they wasted the East India Directors a little , and they were even powerful enough to waste the Dutch-Commissioners ( A laugh ) . Oh ! they were indeed `` wide-wasting '' Committees ! He hoped ministers would be pleased to deliver their sentiments on the subject : their silence , indeed , reminded him of an old story which he once heard of the monkeys . The monkeys , it was said , could speak if they would , but they were too cunning , for they knew if they spoke they would be made to work ; and just so the ministers chose to remain dumb , lest they might he employed . said , that he felt himself always at liberty to exercise his discretion as to the period of the debate in which he thought proper to rise . The vote he should now give was in exact conformity with that he had given before . With respect to the question of Reversions , he did not think it of such importance as the noble lord seemed to imagine ; there was no need of passion on the occasion , it might be said against Reversions , that they put it out of his majesty 's power to reward services , because they anticipated giants ; but it might be urged on the other side , that they afforded a stimulant to the public man by the consideration that the reward of his labours would descend to his children ; either side might be embraced without subjecting the advocate to the imputation of any unfair principle . Upon the whole , he thought that the arguments in favour of Reversions were better than