London , fish is cheap and abundant . The London market is to those places with respect to fish , just what the Continental market is to Great Britain with respect to sugars . When there is a demand for the Continent , sugar uniformly becomes dear and scarce in Great Britain ; when there is none , it becomes cheap and abundant : and all the fluctuations in the price of British plantation sugar sold for home consumption are occasioned by the demand , or want of demand for exportation . I may state , in farther proof of this proposition , that the value of foreign sugars brought to Great Britain for exportation , is , generally speaking , precisely the same as that of British plantation sugar imported for home consumption , with the difference of duty only . Within my memory , I have known but one exception to this general rule ; and that is one of those exceptions which do not weaken , but confirm it . After the Act was passed last year substituting the use of sugar for that of corn in the distilleries , British plantation sugar became 10s . per cwt . dearer than foreign sugar , exclusive of the duty ; for it was then thought , that the distilleries and the home consumption would consume all the British plantation sugar , and leave the Planters independent of the foreign market . But this expectation has since proved fallacious ; more than 40,000 hogsheads still remain in the West India Docks , now that the new crop is on the eve of arrival ; and the disclosure of this fact , together with the capture of Martinique , has occasioned a fall in the price of British plantation sugar of from 12 to 14s . per cwt . The value of foreign sugars , on the contrary , has remained nearly stationary , and the prices of both are again restored to their usual equilibrium , now that the dependence of the British Planter upon exportation is clearly ascertained . If the arguments I have before adduced , fail in convincing those who hear me , this fact establishes the truth of the proposition for which I contend , beyond all possibility of contradiction . I admit , Sir , that if his Majesty 's Ministers , at the commencement of the present war , had adopted the plan of excluding the produce of all the conquered colonies from British consumption , they would have given a most important advantage to the British Planter ; because the home consumption and the distilleries would , in that case , have rendered him independent of the foreign market . But we have captured French settlements , Dutch settlements , Danish settlements , and have admitted the whole of the produce to home consumption , to an extent that now puts this independence entirely out of the question ; as will appear by adverting to the amount of our exports . In 1807 we exported 95,000 hogsheads of sugar ; in 1808 we exported about 50,000 , and had also the benefit of the distilleries ; notwithstanding which a surplus of 40,000 hogsheads remains on hand . As therefore it is now impossible to prevent our dependence on the foreign market , and the sugars of Martinique must at all events come to Europe , the excluding them alone fom home consumption would be of no advantage whatever to the British Planter . I farther admit , that if a total stop could be put to the exportation of sugar , any addition to the quantity imported for home consumption would affect the price , and prejudice the interests of the British Planter ; and this is the only case that I can figure to my imagination , in which the admission of the Martinique , sugars in the accustomed mode could be made the subject of a reasonable objection . But experience has now so clearly demonstrated the inefficacy of the decrees of Buonaparté , to prevent our commercial communication with the Continent , that I consider this as an impossible