Palace-yard , Westminster , to a fine of 5,000l . and to incarceration in 587 those remote prisons I have mentioned . * The case is so far precisely parallel with that for which I have the honour to stand before your lordships . My lords , I can entertain little hope that any thing stated by a person while undergoing such a sentence , can have much weight with the deliberate wisdom of your lordships ; but the sentiments uttered by Dr. Bastwick , under the circumstances , deserve some consideration . In order to excite sympathy and compassion , he addressed the populace , and particularly dwelt on the measure of sending the sufferers to remote places of confinement as new , unjust , illegal , and oppressive . It is not likely that a man in such circumstances should have so openly asserted a direct falsehood , which must have been apparent at the time , and have rather hurt than benefited his cause ; but what he advanced was never contradicted , and the practice complained of was conceived by the people , at the time , as a novelty , and contrary to law . Petitions were afterwards presented to the house of commons , on behalf of Mr. Prynne , Mr. Burton , and Dr. Bastwick . The petition of Mr. Prynne , particularly complained of the hardships inflicted upon him and his fellow-sufferers , and in the prayer of his petition he requested that the house may take their grievances into its most serious consideration , in order that such novel practices may not become precedents to the prejudices of others . We all know , my lords , that Mr. Prynne was one of the best lawyers that ever appeared in Westminster-Hall , and that such a person was not likely to be ignorant of the laws of his country , or so foolish as to state , on such an occasion , to parliament , that the punishment they had undergone , by being sent to a place of confinement out of the county in which they were sentenced , was , illegal and a grievance . As soon as those petitions were read , my lords , they were referred to a committee to consider and to report upon the several abuses therein stated , as committed by the court of Star-Chamber , or any officer under its authority . From these proceedings we may fairly infer that the conduct complained of was an abuse of the authority of the court , and contrary to law . It was afterwards resolved that such practices were against the law , injurious to the liberty of the subject , and ought to be prevented . A distinct resolution declared * 3 Cobbett 's State Trials 711 . 588 that the sentence of the privy council for sending individuals to distant prisons for confinement , was illegal . Mr. Prynne was ordered to be restored to his degree in the University of Oxford , and to his chambers among the Society of Lincoln 's Inn . It was ordered by the house of commons , in March 1640 , that a committee should be appointed to consider of the Court of Star-Chamber , and to prepare a bill concerning the same . In May 1641 , a bill was passed in the commons for taking away the power of the Star-Chamber . This act was now on the statute-book as the 16th Charles 1 , chap . 10 . The bill underwent much consideration in the lords , as appeared by their lordships ' journals , and after some difficulty it was passed . The illegal practices of the court , and the grievances occasioned by them , were duly noticed , particularly in the preamble of the act , which prescribed that from and after the 1st of August 1641 , the court of Star-Chamber should be actually dissolved and abolished . It appeared that at first there was no intention to abolish the Star-Chamber , and the idea was not entertained until after the report of the committee . Now ,