alone , but for the whole Parliament . The party who received the price of his venality should 843 also of course forfeit it , with any further penalty which it might be thought right to superadd . And , beyond this , I would think it a proper course to declare it by positive law , what is implied by the judgments which I have already cited—that by such traffic each party becomes guilty of a Misdemeanor . Upon the whole , Sir , that for which I am most anxious is the establishment of the principle ; being firmly persuaded that honourable minds , which may have hitherto deviated from what I think was the straight path of their duty , or may have been made to vacillate by the practices which they saw prevailing around them with impunity—will shrink from them with abhorrence , when they find them condemned by a specific law : And other men , if actuated by motives less honourable , will be restrained by fears not less efficacious . I shall therefore listen with satisfaction to any amendment that goes this length , accompanied by such brief and distinct provisions as may give a reasonable security that its execution will be accomplished.—And I shall be contented to lay aside for the present all questions of doubtful policy or difficult expressions ; thinking it better to reserve them for future experience , and , if necessary , for future legislation . I would presume also to recommend this course to the House , as the most prudent and most likely to contribute to the further progress of this Bill , and its ultimate passing into a law ; on my own part most cordially and earnestly hoping for its success , as a measure which has now become indispensable to the honour of this House and of the Country . observed , that the alterations which he had been enabled to frame would go a great way to meet the ideas of his right hon . friend who had just sat down ; and he concurred with him , that it would be equally wise and prudent to make not only an enacting but a declaratory law . He also concurred with him , that the person guilty of this offence ought at least to be deprived of his seat . It was not necessary , he thought , to state what the law was before . He would merely say on that head , that in his opinion the law was so doubtful , that in a court of law , if the point came forward in a civil suit , it would be declared to be unlawful ; but if a person should be indicted for a misdemeanor , the law was not so 844 very clear , but that the defendant would in all probability be acquitted . If the offence could be described in such a way as not to endanger the safety of the innocent , he should be ready to concur in the principle of the measure . But at the same time , the enactments ought to be well guarded , for he confessed that he had felt great difficulty lest the house should controul where it had no such intention ; and he thought they ought rather to fall short in the first instance , than go too far . The object was to come at the case where there was a distinct , sale of the seat . In this case , it would be proper to reach not only the individual who could influence the whole of the voters , but also the person who by a minor interest could effectually decide the election between two candidates . It would be still farther necessary to extend the provisions of the act to the person who received money for his influence , whether he was a voter or not , and to render a contract for the payment of money to any person for his influence a ground for vacating a seat . He perfectly concurred in the opinion , that he who also