divine to what other fund the country was to look for support in supplying the deficiencies of a declining revenue . He begged the committee to consider this point , upon which he was induced to dwell , with a view to urge more strongly the necessity of paying the utmost possible attention to every thing connected with economy . It was quite clear that every practicable arrangement should be made for that purpose , and with that impression upon Ins mind , he regretted much to observe that such a tardy disposition to promote the objects recommended by the Committee of Finance should have been manifested by those , who had the power of giving effect to the recommendations of that Committee . He had therefore felt it his duty to bring this business forward . Since he had given notice of it the right hon the Chancellor of the Exchequer had thought proper to propose a set of Resolutions in lieu of those which he had the honour of submitting to the house . Being anxious only for the object which his Resolutions had in view , he was not of course tenacious of terms or forms , and therefore he would interweave with his first Resolution , upon proposing which the discussion might arise , some of the words suggested by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Upon the adoption of these words he was the more determined , because in reviewing his own Resolution , he saw that it contained rather a sort of apology , for calling the attention of the house to a consideration of the principles of economy , than a direct assertion of the expediency of economising the public Expenditure in every possible case . The hon . member then proposed his first Resolution , which declared in substance , that it was peculiarly necessary in the present circumstances of the country , to attend closely to the principles of economy , and to make every practicable arrangement for the purpose of limiting the public expenditure . This Resolution being put from the Chair , rose , to correct some mis-statements with respect to the finances of the country into which the hon . gent . 864 had fallen . He had stated that the amount of the Permanent Taxes was not equal to the discharge of the interest of the public debt . This was not the case . On the contrary , last year they had voted a surplus of between four and five million , out of the Consolidated Fund , independant of the other heavy charges to which that fund was liable.—The committee must recollect , that there had been voted for the year the sum of 3,500,000l . as the surplus of the Consolidated Fund , together with 800,000l . which remained unappropriated from the produce of that fund in the preceding year . Of course , it was quite a mistaken idea , that the permanent taxes were insufficient to defray the interest of the public debt . The hon . gent , had fallen into this mistake from his confounding the produce of the Permanent Taxes , and the Consolidated Funds.—The difference between the permanent charges , and the produce of the permanent taxes , was what was usually voted as the surplus of the consolidated fund , being an excess of produce above the charges . He need not , therefore , inform the Committee , that not only the interest of the public debt , and other permanent eharges were defrayed out of the permanent taxes , but many other items of expenditure connected with the various branches of the public service were charged upon the surplus of the consolidated fund . The permanent public charge was thirty-three millions . The supply to defray that charge amounted to thirty-seven millions . This statement could admit of no dispute , as it was proved by the returns on their table , and therefore it was impossible for the hon . gent . to say that the permanent taxes fell short of the annual expenditure . He did not deny that the produce of the