proposed by my noble friend grounded upon facts , the noble lord should propose to us to pass it by without notice 227 as a matter wholly unworthy of detaining us from more important business . I agree with my noble friend that a negociation upon a corrupt principle was intended to be carried into effect ; I should be sorry that any man should think of confounding the intention with the execution , and attaching to them an equal criminality ; but , if the intention is less criminal than the execution , are we therefore to conclude that entering into such a negociation is no offence whatever ? I expected that the noble lord would have said he agreed as to the facts , but thought the expressions were too strong , and that he would have proposed some other form of Resolution , as a middle course , not liable to that objection . I will admit that many may have entered into , and continued the same system ; that they may have been equally guilty with the noble lord , though they succeeded better in concealing their faults from the public ; but , is that a reason why , when such a fact is brought to light , the house of commons should pass it over lightly ? If they do , it will be in effect publishing to every person who may fill the same situation hereafter , that he may pursue the same traffic , that he may keep an open market in the same way . There might have been many persons guilty of such transactions who were either misled or acted from ignorance , and on that ground might merit some indulgence ; but would this apology be pleaded by any member of that house ? or would it be set up as an excuse for any member of his majesty 's government ? In a case like the present we have but one course to pursue ; there is no option for our decision . Duty chalks out the line , and , however reluctantly , we must submit to its dictates . I know that there are many persons in this house who are disposed to maintain that the influence over electors is not injurious , and that little disadvantage results from the practice of bribery ; this I know many of them to maintain in private conversation ; but when a case of this kind is made out , they are bound in duty to obey the course prescribed by law , and by act of parliament ; and with that , their private opinions ought not to interfere . I agree in the Resolution of 1779 , which reprobates the interference of ministers of the crown at elections , and I shall propose that that Resolution be read before the house comes to a decision in this case . Many may differ in opinion upon this Resolution , they may be inclined to doubt its truth , but it being a Resolution of this 228 house renders it , in my opinion , imperative upon us . It may be said , that the East India Company ought to be grateful to those who would recommend proper men to fill the situations , and possessed of the qualifications that are required . I think it wholly impossible that out of 20 educated men 19 should not be fit for them ; it therefore is not so great a compliment to supply the East India Company with these competent persons . Appointments under the Company are , by a Resolution of the Court of Directors , vitiated when obtained with undue influence , even though the holder should not have been privy . But was this a case , in which the noble lord vas ignorant of the disposal of his patronage ? No , it was one in which he himself was about to dispose of his patronage for unworthy and unconstitutional purposes . He had not attempted to justify the transaction upon principle . That was better than if he had stood up unblushingly ,