thing so preposterous as sending out any plan in detail . The thing must appear in itself such a downright absurdity , when the remoteness of communication was considered , that he should apologise to the house , for having mentioned it . If it were possible to be effected , the dangers resulting from such an interference would be fully apparent from the effects produced by the Aulic Council of Vienna having interfered with the operations of the Austrian armies . What right could we have to direct the operations of a campaign in which we were only the auxiliaries ? It the noble lord , however , meant that they had no general nation of the part of Spain in which the British army was to be employed , he was mistaken . They had long before laid it down that the north of Spain was the advisable place for them to act . In this not the British government alone , but every Spanish military authority whatever concurred . The marquis de la Romana at St. Andero , gen. Castanos at Madrid , and sir H. Dalrymple at Lisbon , all agreed in this ; and the only persons who seemed to dissent from it were the politicians of London . He know there was an opinion entertained by a military officer of high character in this country , ( earl Moira ) that the proper situation for us to have occupied would have been the Pyrenees , but as that point was not now argued , he should not touch on it . The noble lord seemed to have chalked out for himself an intermediate campaign , taking St. Sebastian and Barcelona for his scene of action . He was afraid , however , the noble lord must soon have gone to the Pyrenees , as he could not long have held out at St. Sebastian . The advantage which would arise from going to Barcelona had not escaped his majesty 's ministers . A provision had been made to that effect , without frittering away the force necessary to accomplish the main object in view . Directions had been given in July to air John Stuart to co-operate from Sicily on that side , which that brave and enter-prizing officer would have done , were it not for the threatened invasion of Sicily from the side of Italy . The exertions or the views of government were not confined to Spain as a separate country ; its cause was connected by them with that of Europe . It also materially affected the British interests beyond Europe , as it delayed the intended operations against the 456 British possessions in India . We had also benefited the interests of Austria , by drawing forth a larger force of the enemy than it would be necessary for him to employ , had we made no efforts on the side of Spain . The resistance the enemy had met with in Spain made it necessary for him to send an army of 200,000 men into that country , whereas , had it not been for the assistance received from this country , Spain might have been over-run by the troops which Buonaparté originally had there . The whole course of our policy went not only to rescue Spain , but the world , by resisting the attitude in which France stood at that period against the continent . As to all that had been said respecting the tardiness , of their measures contrasted with the dispatch and rapid execution of those of the enemy , he begged the house to reflect for a moment , upon the vast superiority of means possessed by the enemy , for carrying their various operations into effect , by requisitions and the other instruments of arbitary power . It certainly was no ways surprising that France , with all her means of conscription at home , and requisition abroad , should be enabled to assemble an army on the Ebro , before the British troops , who united all the difficulties of a march from Lisbon with those of an equipment ,