evident , that , by the change of circumstances , the whole practical power of the constitution is vested in the house of commons , which , by withholding supplies , may entirely control the other two branches of the constitution . It is sufficient for me to know , that it has produced greater practical benefits than have been found to exist in any other government , ancient or modern ; and , as long as we continue to enjoy such blessings , I shall never be studious in the pursuit of theoretical amendments . But another , and a better ground , is taken , when gentlemen say , we seek to restore the constitution to its ancient purity ; —this I fully comprehend ; I join issue with them ; and if they will point out the times in which greater purity existed than in the present times , I will gladly recur to the practices which then prevailed . But let us examine this question : gentlemen would scarcely wish to go back to the times of the Tudors , when parliament was the base instrument of the legal vengeance of our monarch . As little would they recur to the times of the Stuarts . Many useful laws were enacted in the reign of Charles the second ; but will it be denied , that almost all the chief leaders in the house were actually in the pay of France ? But I suppose that we are to look for an example in the reign of king William , when those self-denying ordinances , which are so much the object of admiration in the present day , ( the laws against placemen and pensioners ) , were passed . Let us look a little at the practice of those times : is it not notorious that the monarch himself received a present of 10,000l .. ; that the Lord President of the Council received 5,000l . ; and that a person was found , who disgraced the chair now so honourably filled , by the acceptance of a bribe of 1,000l. ? Nor are these solitary cases . There is scarce a page of the history of those times , in which something of the same sort will not be found . If we proceed to the succeeding reigns , we shall find our ministers , Walpole and Stanhope , acknowledging in this very house their mutual peculations and embezzlements . In the following years , how many abuses were practised in respect of the South-Sea bubble , and the Corporation 657 for the Benefit of the Poor ? and how many members of this house were expelled , in consequence of the grossest frauds ? Surely then , in no part of sir Robert Walpole 's administration shall we find an example of that purity to which we may refer ; in fact , it was not until the administration of Mr. Pelham that ministers were free from the reproach of personal corruption , not such practices as are now stated to exist ; not the exertion of influence ; not arrangements , by which men may come into parliament here to exercise a free agency , all which prevailed to the same degree as at present ; but the absolute receipt of monies , of bribes in their own persons , for the vilest and most unworthy purposes . Perhaps it is impossible better to illustrate the difference between those times and the present , than by a reference to what took place concerning the very piece of ground at Chelsea , which has been a matter of so much discussion . Sir Robert Walpole , the minister , without a pretence , scrupled not to obtain from the crown a grant of the land of a national charity , for his own individual benefit ; and the transaction passed entirely without notice , whilst the grant of a part of that very ground , for a valuable consideration , proceeding through all the forms required by the law , has set the nation in a ferment . In saying this , however