in the Commissioners , he could not help saying that the government was far more criminal in not calling for them . Only one Account was rendered to the privy council , and in this it was remarkable that no mention of commission was made , which the Committee observed , might lead the privy council to imagine that no Commission was charged , although at that time 25,000l . had actually been divided . But the Commissioners had good reason for not rendering any account , because that might lead to the suppression of their illegal profits . This , the hon . gent , said , was a most extraordinary thing , considering the noise which Mr. John Bowles had made respecting the returns to the Property Tax ( Hear ! hear ! ) . It would be . curious to know what returns he himself had made to the Property Tax , at the time he wag deriving this large profit from his labours , ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The act authorizing the appointment of these Commissioners required that the proceeds of the sales should be paid into the Bank of England . But , instead of this , the Commissioners had opened accounts with private bankers . It was singular that a lawyer should lead them to a violation of the law ; and the merchants , who were in the commission , to state a false amount of commission as consistent with the general practice in mercantile transactions . The reasons alledged for this violation the Committee had proved to be unfounded ; and further , justly remarked , That if there had been any doubt as to the construction of the act in this particular , they ought , pursuant to their instructions , to have applied to the privy council.—The next point to which the hon . gent , adverted , was the magnitude of the Cash Balances , retained by the Commissioners , and he particularly called the attention of the house to the fact , that Mr. Pitt had , in 1796 , applied to them to know whether any sum arising from the sale of the property under their management , could be paid into the Exchequer for the current service of the year ? They denied that they could pay any sum into the Exchequer , although it appeared that 294 at that time they had a balance of no less than 190,000l . out of which , though it was proved that they had great demands upon them at the time , the Committee observed , they might at the least have advanced ; 50,000l.—The hon . gent . then adverted to the great neglect of the Commissioners in not applying the balances in their hands in a way that might render them productive to the public , instead of discounting private bills ; and applying these balances , during the years that preceded the completion of their sales , entirely with a view to their own emolument . If these balances had been vested in Exchequer bills , between 40 and 50,000l . would have been saved to the public : and though they had been instructed to keep Minutes of their proceedings , no Minutes whatever were preserved of the mode in which they employed the balances in question.—By the commission at 5 per cent . on the gross proceeds , by brokerage and interest on the balances , it appeared , that they had taken for their labours , the enormous sum of 133,198l. , being at the rate of 26,000l . for each Commissioner ! —The hon . gent , here pointed out a circumstance which seemed to have escaped the attention of the Committee , which was that the Commissioners appeared to have charged the 5 per cent , commission upon the property which had been managed and sold by the East India Company , in the disposal of which they had had no trouble whatever ; so that , in point of fact , a commission of 10 per cent , had been paid upon much the largest proportion