own colonies , the property of which was depreciated in a most ruinous degree . It would be no small alleviation to them if the importation of French brandies were prohibited : this would increase the consumption of rum , its natural substitute , and the production of our own colonies . Brandy was by no means a necessary of life , and by allowing its consumption we were benefiting the enemy . He gave government credit for their determination to prohibit its importation , but their views were in a great measure frustrated by the licences now outstanding circulated in different parts of Europe , and of which a shameful traffic was made . , in the present stage of the business , was willing to wave the discussion of Martinique sugars , but denied any assurance being given to the inhabitants that the island should in all respects be in the same situation as other British colonies . He asserted that no licences for the importation of French brandies had been granted for the last six or eight months , except in circumstances of peculiar hardship , when the brandies had been paid for by British subjects ; and that even under those circumstances , none had been either granted or renewed lately , nor would they in future . contended , that the sale of licences had been carried to a great extent , and was an evil that much required correction : he did not altogether disapprove of making a distinction between Martinique and our other colonies , but it was of importance to ascertain whether any promises to the contrary had been held out by our commanders . coincided in opinion with Mr. Marryatt and Mr. Jacob in respect to placing the sugars of Martinique on the same footing as those from our own islands , and condemned the abuse which existed in respect to licences . He regretted that at a time when it was thought necessary 260 for government to interfere so much in affairs of commerce , the Board of Trade was filled by noble lords and learned lords , and not by men of practical commercial habits . rose to make the motion of which he had given notice , relative to the general Orders issued by general sir John Moore at Salamanca , & c. in Spain . His sole object in moving for these papers was , that the character of that gallant and highly lamented officer might appear in its true colours . He did not apprehend there could be any objection to this motion , and should therefore mention the papers , viz . Copies of the general Orders issued on the 25th of October , 11th of November , and 23d , 27th , and 30th of December , 1808. said , he should be sorry to refuse any papers which might be thought necessary to vindicate the character of the gallant officer alluded to , but he must resist the motion ; first , because the executive government could not comply with it . No such papers were in his office , nor did he know where they were , except they might be in possession of the adjutant-general in Spain . In the next place , he thought it a serious question of prudence whether such papers ought to be called for , as the orders of generals to the army under their command were conveyed in a tone which might be necessary to keep up discipline , and might not perhaps be quite consonant to the feelings of the house , and should not therefore be made public . said , that if the noble lord would refer to the adjutant-general , he would easily find where the papers moved for were . As to the other objection to the tone of general orders , and their not according with the feelings of the house , he thought it very futile . They were always clear and concise , and so far not consonant with the long speeches in that house , but if those moved for were supposed necessary to clear up