Rights of the People : and I think there is no difficulty in showing that they go well together , that one is in trust for the protection of the other , and that in consequence of their having been separated , contrary to the principles and in violation of the ancient usage of our Constitution , those abuses of which the people now complain first crept in , and being once admitted have made such rapid and tremendous strides towards our destruction ; in the midst of which , all the specious forms of our Constitution have been studiously observed.—Thus , as in Rome , the observance of forms , instead of being valuable , as securing any benefit , or justifying any hope , serves only to aggravate the mischief , by adding hypocrisy to despotism , and to embitter the sufferings by deluding and 1047 mocking the people.—I must not be misunderstood—no person is more anxious than myself , for the retention and maintenance of those forms ; my wish is , to have the substance also , that the people may not be any longer duped by appearances which serve only to perpetuate the cheat . A charge has been made by the abettors of Corruption against those who wish for Reform , as innovators and subverters of the Constitution of the country , whereas , the sole object of us Reformers is , to rescue the country from the effects of the innovation that has been introduced . Those who speak so much of innovation seem to forget what the great Lord Bacon has said , that `` of `` all innovators time is the greatest . '' Will you , then , while all things are changing around you , determine to stand still ? Will you still cling to a Rotten-borough System , the creature of innovation , nursed by usurpation , and matured by corruption ? for such shall I shew it to be . Is it reasonable that sovereignty should be attached to particular spots and places , and to convert into Private Property , that which the Constitution has declared to be a Public Trust—to permit an usurped local sovereignty , independent of the King , independent of the People , and destructive to both.—The Prerogative of the Crown , had it been maintained free from encroachments , would never have suffered this anomaly , this ill-shaped monster , this Rotten-borough System , at once formidable and contemptible , to have undermined the Constitution . During the whole course of our history , from the time of William the Conqueror to that of William the Third , down to which the legitimate prerogative of the crown was exercised by the King , no such absurdity was conceived as a Rotten-borough Parliament.—That part of the Prerogative to issue Writs to such places as were judged from time to time , according to their importance , most fit to send proper and discreet persons to the Common Council of the nation , was a most wise and salutary provision in the code of the Constitution , and well calculated to prevent the occurrence of those evils of which , so loudly and with so great reason , we at this day complain.—Can we suppose that any King in the possession of his just Prerogative , would have thought of addressing a Writ , when he was exercising that great function of his prerogative , the assembling the Great Council of the nation , to Rotten-boroughs ? or that it would have been endured if he had ? The King 's writs run , 1048 `` ad Proceres et Dominos et Communes Regni , '' under which description no Rottenborough could be included . Can it be imagined that St. Mawes , the posts of Gatton , or the stones of Midhurst , would have been required to send wise and discreet burgesses to assist with their advice in the Great Council of the Nation ? James the First , on his accession to the throne , upon summoning the parliament , wisely exercised this prerogative by issuing a Proclamation , forbidding the