not listen to vague and loose stories even against individuals . The proper plan was to send them to the Attorney-General , and not to place the justice of the country in the worst possible hands ; not only in the hands of the house of commons , but what was still worse , in those of its Committees . hoped the noble lord would receive back his motion , and bring forward some specific case . He understood , that his motion was to be of the nature described by his right hon . friend next to him ( Mr. Tierney ) , that it would relate solely to some collateral matter arising out of the investigation of the charges against the Duke of York . If the noble lord had read the Eighth Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , it was strange that he should have mentioned French 's levy only as a subject of investigation . He might have found in that Report , that there were no less than twenty-one such levies . 66 It would have been well worth his while to investigate into the manner in which these levies were obtained , how conducted , and the result with which they were attended . He would find that no less than 500,000l . of the public money had been lavished in this way , and that the produce of men had failed almost in every instance . The examination had only yet proceeded as far as 211,000l . of this expenditure , and it was discovered that of this sum no less than 96,000l . had been drawn by fraud and imposition . There was matter sufficient in these to have afforded a Committee employment for the rest of the session . said , that considering the impression which the notice of the motion , given by the noble lord previous to the recess , had made out of doors , and the public expectation it appeared to excite , he felt it incumbent upon him to state his sentiments . It would not become a person filling the situation he did to give a silent vote . It would be impossible for him , consistent with his duty , and valuing the frame of the constitution as it stood , not to give his most marked and decided disapprobation of the motion . In opposing it , he did not oppose a motion for a specific inquiry into specific abuses , but he opposed a motion that had no relation whatever to it . A specific inquiry would have fastened on individuals , or abuses ; but the object of a motion , so general and undefined as that before the house , could have no other purpose than to scatter general censure , to keep up a ferment in the public mind , and to do mischiefs beyond the apprehensions of those whose apprehensions were strongest . The noble lord had accused his right hon . friend of a disposition to screen abuses , and had reproved the remedy which was proposed by him to prevent confederacies out of doors , for the corrupt disposal of patronage . Another gentleman had pointed out to the noble lord objects for inquiry , which it appeared were already under examination . It did therefore appear that these manifold abuses , which were supposed to prevail in every department of the state , were not wholly without remedy . If these remedies were insufficient , why did not the noble lord say so , and propose those that might be more effectual ? He deprecated the practice of pointing at government as the source of corruption . The effect of exaggerating this evil was , not to all ay but to perpetuate the public ferment . An hon . member under the gallery said , that the people had 67 a right to suspect government ; another hon . member blamed the whole frame of the , government : and to this Committee it was proposed that the task should be delegated , of enquiring into the whole frame of that government ;