little did he expect from the operation of the measure , that he thought it ought rather to be called a Bill for the better Prevention of the Detection of Corruption , than for the more effectual Prevention of Corruption.—But there was another view , in which he felt considerable objection to the measure . He was an enemy to the Oath it would impose . This land was already disgracefully oathed . Oaths were at present too common in the legislation of this country , and the extension of them would be a-great evil . The misfortune besides was , that they would not be effectual for their purpose . How much were they abused in the excise and in other revenue cases ? Was the oath of qualification sufficient for its object ? He saw no reason why this oath should have more virtue than others , except on account of its length , for it was the longest he had ever seen . He was averse besides to oaths as a check on moral conduct . But still his great objection to this bill was , that it would , under the present system , rather aggravate than remedy the evil of which the nation had so much reason to complain.—Another singular circumstance to which he could not help adverting , was , that old notions seemed to be so completely obliterated , that amongst the other extraordinary things which had occurred within the walls of that house , they were reproached for that which formerly would have been reckoned an honour—namely , that they were of no party . The gentlemen of the present day seemed to be astonished at them . `` You do n't want place or pension , you say : Why , what are you at ? What object can you possibly have in view ? You must surely be traitors . '' They had been reproached for not desiring a change of ministers . But why should they desire any change ? They did not see that the ministers conducted matters at all in a worse way than their predecessors , who taunted him for being of no party . He would not join any faction : but he would be glad to support any minister who acted properly . The only return he could make to that numerous body which had sent him to that 731 house , so undeservedly perhaps on his part , but so honourably to themselves , was to refrain from tormenting the ministers , and to stand up there only on great constitutional points , as a guardian of the rights and the privileges of the people . The gentlemen of the opposition were like someone in the play of The Rehearsal : their old master turned them off , and no one else would receive them . They said that their delinquency consisted in having been in office . No—none had reproached them with that circumstance . Their delinquency consisted in not having performed what they had promised to the nation . He had heard of a bankrupt fortune having been mended in that house , ; but he had never heard of a bankrupt character having been retrieved . It had often been said , that one proof was worth a thousand conjectures , but here they had a thousand proofs for one conjecture . They could not by law alter the direction which a machine or steam engine was constructed to take . A great many bills had been brought in to remedy the evils of the system ; but it was in vain to attempt to alter the nature of the thing by these expedients . The hon . baronet adverted , as an instance , to a bill brought in by Mr. Burke to correct the mischiefs of the system , and to effect an economical reform . It had been introduced with all that parade and pomp of eloquence with which that gentleman could decorate the most trivial subjects . It was a sort of substitute for Parliamentary Reform , and was to be eternal in its operations ,