educated than the people of this country , with the exception of certain districts , and more likely to be fit , good , and true jurymen . If it was argued , that they were not so fit to receive that blessing as the people of England , that would not do , for the argument must be pushed farther , and it must be maintained that they were more unfit than the people of England were hundreds of years ago : and what was the state of the people of England 300years ago ? Why , their lordships might forget that about that time , in the reign of our Edwards , there was a particular application of an old privilege of ours , he meant the benefit of clergy , rather of a curious sort . The benefit of clergy was at first , intended only for those who could read : afterwards , it was farther extended to other persons of rank and situation ; and it was then enacted , that it should extend to all their lordships , to all peers of parliament , temporal and spiritual too ; that is to say , to my lords the bishops , as well as to lay lords . Now , it was enacted by that statute , ( of which he read a quotation ) that any temporal lord , or any bishop , guilty of highway robbery , or housebreaking , or horse-stealing , might plead the benefit of clergy . ( A laugh . ) Such was the state of our forefathers . And yet , at that time of ignorance , it was not thought improper to entrust common people with the rights , duties , and privileges of jurymen . And if we , in the dark days of ignorance , were fit to be so entrusted , could it be argued that the shrewd and knowing people of Scotland were unfit to be entrusted , in this enlightend century , with a similar right ? It was impossible to maintain that argument.—His lordship then entered into a variety of modes by which , the desired object might be gradually accomplished , and pointed out the means afforded by the difference of special and general verdicts , and by the facilities that might be given to the court in the first instance of making the verdict special 891 or general . He likewise dwelt for some time , with much ingenuity , on the alteration in the forms upon which issues depended in cases of trial . He also made many observations as to the mode of deciding by precedents . If for instance there were 21 precedents ; a judge must decide by considering the first , second , and third precedent , and so on to the end of the chapter , and then find out which were the best precedents , or the most numerous ones , in order to make up his principle of decision . In some cases , as in the law about `` powers , '' he had counted about 1600 precedents . Well ; if a judge had to decide in such a case , what could he do ? Why , perhaps he might be some great legal chymist who could speedily decompound and analyze all these different precedents , and ascertain all their various qualities , and extract all their particular juices , and out of them all compound a fine pulp , of which he would make a most excellent principle to guide him in his decision . But this was not sure work . He declared himself friendly to the introduction of trial by Jury in Scotland ; but unless his noble relation had any thing to move immediately on this subject , he should be obliged to give the commissioners a little more time , though he thought there was no reason for unnecessary delay . reviewed the great delays that had occurred in this business , which had been originally proposed by him in June , 1806 , and which had been put aside on the change