of inquiring into the conduct of every man who was engaged in any one of its departments ! This important investigation was to be made , not by the house itself , but by a Committee . A Committee ! If ever there was an instance in which a mighty labour was to be executed by a diminutive power , it was this . He could not conceive for what rational or practical purpose this motion was brought forward . Was there no mischief in keeping a persuasion alive in the public mind , that it was the opinion of impartial men in that house , that so much rottenness and corruption existed in every part of the state , as rendered such an inquiry necessary ? The motion held out no hope of immediate advantage to the people ; but it held out the whole cast and class of public men to suspicion . They were all represented as eagerly struggling for places and power , and as having nothing in view but the emoluments of office . The emoluments of office ! If there was any man who considered the labours of an official situation , the duties that were to be performed , the anxieties that were undergone , the warfare which a public man had to support , not only in that house , but from the malignity which assailed him out of it , and could think that these things were to be compensated by money , he did not envy such a man his feelings or frame of mind . If there was any man who could think so , it was to him a subject not of regret , but of pride , to be the object of the suspicion of such a man . The noble lord and his abettors might succeed in fixing this imputation on public men , and driving them from power ; in rendering them a degraded class , that he and those who supported him might succeed to that ruin and degradation . He could not agree in this wide wasting motion , without admitting the truth of assertions , for which he was persuaded there was no foundation . rose to explain . The noble lord observed , he had been entirely misapprehended ; he had not said , nor did he mean to say , the right hon . Chancellor of the Exchequer had a wish to screen delinquency , or to prevent inquiring into abuses . . Sir ; the right hon . gent , on the bench below me , has com- 68 plained of my conduct with respect to the imperfect notice which , he says , I gave of my intended motion , to which he states his dissent from the two extensive powers with which , from the generality of the terms , it would invest the committee . With respect to my notice , I can only say , that it appears to me to be unfounded . With respect to the motion itself , I am in fact merely doing that which he wishes me to do , specifying the objects of the motion , which , to my no small surprize , it has been stated are not specified . Sir , I am confident that a great part of what has been said in opposition to this motion , arises solely from misapprehension . It is said that I am bringing forward a general charge , and involving every man , in every office , in every department , in one general indiscriminate accusation . But what is the true state of the case ? My motion was grounded on the order of the day , and certainly refers entirely to the evidence that was taken before a committee of the whole house : out of this evidence , I propose to refer particular points to the consideration of a committee . If this motion had been an original proceeding , the accusation which has been made against me would have been correct . But as the motion which I have made is grounded on the