that the shutting of the ports in the Baltic and the embargo in the American ports , must have necessarily increased the price of naval stores , and of all the various articles which were requisite for supplying our maritime forces . With respect to the mode of carrying on the war , by assisting those powers on the continent who were struggling against the common enemy , this was not the time for discussing that question . Circumstances had arisen which had necessarily increased the expenditure under that head ; he alluded to the rising of the Spanish people ; but in every point of view in which that object could be con- 911 sidered , whether with reference to the additional means afforded of combating ; the ruler of France , or to the considerations of public interest , national honour or liberal policy , he would say , that we were called upon by all those considerations , as well as by every principle of sound policy , to render assistance to that nation in their struggle against the oppression of France , and it would be a cheering consolation to the country that such assistance had been promptly and generously rendered , even though it should ultimately fait in its object . With respect to the actual amount of expenditure , it might be a question of policy as to whether we should carry on the war upon a certain definite scale , with a view to its long continuance , or whether we should carry it on for a short time upon a more enlarged scale , with a view to more immediate advantages . He would not now , however , consider this question , but proceed to consider the question more immediately under consideration—the subject of finance . The objections he had to the financial arrangements and plan of the noble lord opposite ( lord Grenville ) , were , first , that they proceeded upon the assumption of a certain definite annual expenditure during the war , which was absolutely impossible ; and secondly , that they amounted to a breach of faith towards the existing public creditor in the new sinking fund , which would be created , and by which a bonus would be given at a time when it was not wanted , whilst when it would be useful , it could not be forthcoming . The present ministers had acted upon the plan of the noble lord in the first year of their coming into office , he having previously pledged a certain portion of the war taxes for the interest of the then loan , and the extraordinary increase of the provision for the sinking fund . It was known to be a part of that plan , that in consequence of raising the war taxes to the amount to which they were then brought , no new taxes should be imposed for three years . In the last year there was no necessity for resorting to new taxes , with some trifling exceptions , the falling in of the annuities and other sources of augmented revenue having furnished nearly sufficient means for defraying the interest of the loan and the one per cent for a sinking fund upon the stock created . In the present year ministers had resorted to the mode now proposed of pledging 1,000,000l . of the war taxes to defray the interest of the loan ; but he wished it to be distinctly 912 understood that this was not part of a system to be permanently acted upon , and that the subject remained completely open for future consideration . If the plan of the noble lord ( Grenville ) had been acted upon during the three years , there would now have been 3,600,000l . of the war taxes pledged for the interest and sinking funds of the loans of those three years . By the system under which the present ministers had acted there would be pledged , if the present bill should be passed , a sum of 2,200,000l . of the war taxes . There was , therefore