from 931 the office , but obtained a pension of 2,000l . a year for life , from the Company . This , with other accommodations was , given to the noble lord 's family from the public , amounting to 10,500l . in sinecure places , might , one would think , have satisfied all their reasonable expectations . Neither lord Dartmouth nor lord Castlereagh , nor any successor of the noble lord , had ever claimed an official residence , until the right hon . gent . was appointed to the office , when he , notwithstanding the grant of a pension of 2,000l . a year to his father , revived the claim.—Mr . Creevey contended , that the grant made in consequence by the lords of the Treasury was contrary to the act of the 33d of the king , and illegal ; and he concluded by moving two Resolutions , the one recapitulating the facts of the letter and consequent grant , and the other declaring that the lords of the Treasury had acted improvidently , no official residence being necessary for the President of the Board of Controul . defended his claim and the consequent grant , upon the ground that an official residence was as fairly the claim of the President of the Board of Controul , as of sir Charles Morgan , when judge-advocate-general . The Treasurer of the Navy , the Paymaster of the Forces , the secretary to the Admiralty , the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , and many other public officers , enjoyed the same advantage . Besides , the hon . gent . had argued erroneously , in saying , that such a grant was illegal , for the same act of parliament , which limited the appropriation of 5,000l . per annum to the salaries of the president , commissioners , and secretary of the Board of Controul , appropriated also 11,000l . per annum for other contingent expenses , of which the purchase of the house might form a part . He concluded by moving the previous question . entered into en explana- of the circumstances that gave rise to an official residence being given to the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer . observed , that it was not so necessary for the President of the Board of Controul to have an official residence , as it was for the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland . He contended , that it was an abuse to have suffered sir Charles Morgan , after he had ceased to be judge-advocate , to continue in the house during the remainder of his life . Had the judge- 932 advocate gone since without the accommodation of a house ? If he had not , it appeared to him highly improper , that the public should be burthened with the charge of providing another house for him . The right hon . gent . had stated no reason why the President of the Board of Controul should have an official residence . If an increase was to be made to his salary , it should be granted eo nomine ; and the house would , he trusted , by its vote on this occasion , decide that the appropriation of a house to such a purpose was highly improper . felt it necessary , as the death of sir C. Morgan had happened whilst he had a seat at the Treasury beard , to state to the house the reason why the house had not then been given to the judge-advocate . It had been found convenient and necessary to occupy the apartments over the Treasury , which had been appropriated to the home department , for the accommodation of the growing establishment of the Treasury . It was then deemed expedient to remove the office of the secretary for the home department to the house in question . A compensation of 500l . a year , was in consequence , he believed , given to the judge-advocate . observed , that , if the house should be of opinion that nothing improper had been done by the