protect them with vindictive justice , would not subject them to more ill treatment than it was likely to guard them from . If manners could not protect them , miserable indeed must be their condition , in spite of all that law could do for them . It was not possible , in the nature of things , that law could with so much precision define the duty as to be able to ensure the performance of it . It was a duty evidently of that sort which are called imperfect obligations ; of which the definition is , that though equally binding in conscience with other duties , they are not capable of being inforced by law . They must in consequence be left to morals . Let them be inculcated upon that footing in every possible way , from the pulpit , from the press , by precept , by exhortation , by example . But let us not run counter to the nature of things , by attempting , what , as the authors themselves of the bill tell us , never yet was attempted ; and above all things let us not bring in such a bill as the present , which , without contributing possibly in the smallest degree to the very object in view , will let loose the most dreadful scourge upon the lower orders of the people , will commit the most flagrant injustice in the manner in which the bill will be executed , and constitute a general charge of injustice against the house , such as it has never before been exposed to , and from which it will be impossible to vindicate it . The objections to the bill were indeed so numerous , and of such a nature , that he was satisfied it would never have passed , so as to be now a subject of discussion in this house , if those who were really adverse to it would fairly have stood by their opinion , and had not been awed by the apprehension , that in opposing a bill , introduced with such a preamble , they should be considered as the abettors of cruelty . He had no doubt that such would be the charge made against him . But for that * 1028 he should care very little , compared with the object of opposing a bill so objectionable , as he thought this to be , in every view in which it could be contemplated , He should have no fear in trusting his justification to the reasons he had already given ( much as they fell short of what might be urged upon the subject , if he was not unwilling to trespass further on the attention of the house ) . But whatever had been wanting on his part would be amply supplied by an admirable paper in one of the late Volumes of the Edinburgh Review , the 26th he believed , in which would be found much masterly discussion upon this subject , considered in a point of view in which he had abstained from speaking of it , namely , in its connection with the Society for the Suppression of Vice . As well with a view to that Society as to the present subject , and to the connection between the two , he earnestly recommended to gentlemen the perusal of the paper.—He should now propose to negative the motion for the Speaker 's leaving the Chair , with a view to moving afterwards that tire Bill be committed to this day three months . was ready to do justice to the ingenuity and talents of the right hon . gentleman , but begged , when he talked of the humanity claimed by others , to ask whether that right hon . gent , and those who thought with him , did not affect to be above vulgar prejudices ? He denied , that this was a new era , as had been stated , in legislation , because humanity had ever been a characteristic of British jurisprudence . It was the duty of that