hon . gent . to cover me , about the doctrine of divine right , and the danger of innovation . I need not fear the clamour of certain gentlemen about our present happy and enviable condition , nor need I apprehend that my motion will call for a declaration of the necessity of making a similar stand for the purity of the church to that which to some it appeared to be wise to make for the purity of the state . I have , in fact , nothing to do but to state , as briefly as I am able , such measures as induce me to think that the house ought to support the motion which I shall have the honour to submit to it . In the first place , if a power should be given to incumbents to make leases of their Tithes for 21 years , some of those objections which are made to the present system of tithes , in consequence of its being detrimental to the agriculture of the country will be done away ; for when a farmer shall have made his bargain with the clergyman of his parish , he will be able to carry on his improvements without that great drawback on his profits , which is the consequence of the clergyman 's right to a tenth of the gross produce of his land . Upon this head , the following are the opinions of two very great authorities , Dr. Adam Smith and Dr. Paley.—Dr . Smith says , `` The tithe as it is frequently a very unequal tax upon rent , so it is always a discouragement both to the improvements of the landlord , and to the cultivation of the farmer . The one can not venture to make the most important , which are generally the most expensive improvements ; nor the other to raise the most valuable , which are generally the most expensive crops , when the church , which lays out no part of the expence , is to share so very largely in the profit. '' —Dr . Paley says , `` But of all institutions , which are in this way adverse to cultivation and improvement , none is so noxious as that of tithes . Tithes are a tax not only upon industry , but upon that industry which feeds mankind ; upon that species of exertion which it is the aim of all wise laws to cherish and promote ; and to uphold and excite which , composes the main benefit that the community receives from the whole system of trade and the success of commerce . `` —He further adds : `` No measure of such extensive concern appears to me so practicable , nor any single alteration so beneficial , as the conversion of tithes into corn rents . `` —Besides these authorities , there is a state- 629 ment of the practical bad effects of tithes , in Mr. Thompson 's Annals of Agriculture , which will throw considerable light upon the subject . He says , `` There are 200,000 acres of land in Herefordshire , which might be brought into a proper state of cultivation , by an annual expence of 10s . per acre . This additional expence would pay the farmer 10 per cent . profit , and bring into the market 110,000l . besides employing 5,000 labourers ; but the tithe owners would take 11,000l . out of the increased produce , and therefore the farmers would lose all their profit , and 1 per cent . on their capital . '' But , Sir , if there are these general objections to tithes , on account of their injury to agriculture , the house should consider how much more injurious they must be in a country like . Ireland , where much improvement is wanting , for in such a country , the whole improved value of the land depends upon personal labour , skill and industry , and the advance and risk of private property ; whereas in England , where lands have been regularly and well