has undergone , and its inadequacy to afford a complete remedy against the scandalous traffic which it was intended to prevent . It will be in the recollection of the house , when I moved for leave to bring in the bill , I then professed the measure I should propose would be one framed with a view of meeting what I conceived would be agreeable to the sentiments of a majority of members , rather than what would accord with my own opinion , as necessary fully to restore the confidence and respect of the country . I then felt some measures were indispensable , and I thought it more consonant to political wisdom , and more consistent with real intention of doing good , to attempt the obtaining some advantage towards so salutary an object , than to contend for what I knew to be impracticable ; and thereby to leave matters as they were . I was fully aware of the mischief which might result from the discussion of such a question , if I should fail of producing some measure which might satisfy the country , and prove it was not the intention of parliament , to abet and support practices , which threaten the destruction of this branch of the constitu- 1005 tion.—Sir , I put it to any man within these walls , I appeal to every man out of them , if after what has fallen from the highest authority in this house , after it has been so solemnly declared , that if we take no steps , it will be in vain for us to deny , that henceforth the seats in this house may be sold with impunity—will it be contended , the suffering such an opinion to be promulgated through the country , were it only to the meeting of the next session of parliament , would not be fraught with great and imminent mischief.—Sir , this alone would determine my vote for the bill , was it even more defective than it is.—Gentlemen contend , nothing is gained by this ; is the declaration of the law nothing ? Is the putting a stop to the open sale of seats nothing ? Greatly do I lament the right hon . gent . has so constructed the clause respecting office , as to make it liable to the imputations raised against it . I will do him justice , I do not believe it proceeds from any such intention ; nor that it will afford the facilities gentlemen attribute to it ; but I regret it , because it will deprive the right hon . gent . of the merit due to him and this house , of the credit that passing even such a bill ought to acquire it.—Sir , the measure is fraught with more difficulty than gentlemen are aware . I contended , and still contend , the sanction of an oath can alone render this measure effectual . In justice , however , to the right hon . gent. , I must declare , that until the house shall come to some decision upon the 7th of William and Mary on the Treating act , it is impossible to frame any oath that might not entrap the most conscientious man in this house . It fell to my let to sit upon a Committee with the right hon . gent . below me ( Mr. Windham ) when the provisions of this act were discussed , and after great diversity of opinion , we decided treating , or giving any thing for the maintenance and support of voters , bribery ; on the same day another Committee came to a different resolution—It is high time for the honour and dignity of this house , for maintaining the respect due to Mr. Grenville 's tribunal , that parliament should come to some decision ; and when this is done , then , and not till then , an oath may be introduced to render this measure efficient.—Will it be contended a declaration of law is of no value , when we have here a law as