necessary to go at any length into a question , which had been already so much and so fully discussed . But he wished to know from the right hon . gent . who spoke last , whether he meant to arraign ministers for having sent an army into Spain too soon , or for not having sent it sooner ; for from his speech it was difficult to collect which was the charge . But whatever course ministers took , the right hon . gent . was resolved to blame them . If , however , ministers had not sent an army , the gentlemen on the other side would have had much better ground for censure . If , instead of the exertion that had been made , no army had been sent , what would now have been the state of Spain ? Had it not been for the diversion made by the British army , the French would have got possession of the south as well as of the north of Spain , and the cause would now have been indeed rendered hopeless . He blamed the gentlemen on the other side , for not pointing out any other course of proceeding , which either with a view to expedition or diversion , would have been better than that which had been actually adopted . With respect to the fleet at Ferrol , he denied that Spain had been prevented from admitting a British garrison into their arsenals , owing to any consideration connected with Copenhagen . Spain , perhaps had felt some jealousy with respect to the views of Britain , from the operations of the French , and of those who echoed French sentiments . But as Spain was unwilling to , accede to any proposition of this kind , it was impossible , under the circumstances , to press the subject further than the naked offer . He contended that it was impossible that general Moore should have acted contrary to his own views of what was proper . It was injurious to the memory of sir John Moore to say that he had acted merely upon the advice of Mr. Frere . He further said , that Mr. Frere had not impertinently obtruded his advice , for that advice had been solicited by sir John 481 Moore : but the retreat to Corunna was judiciously chosen by sir John Moore , for it was , in the circumstances in which he stood , the most beneficial measure for the Spanish cause that could have been adopted . With regard to M. Charmilly , if Mr. Frere had known all that the gentlemen on the other side suspected , it would have been improper in him to have employed him . But there was no evidence that Mr. Frere knew any thing of all this . He affirmed that there had always been a disposition in the government to do justice to the merits , the services , and character of sir John Moore . About the order respecting the monody , or the compliment at Lloyd 's , he knew nothing . He could scarcely believe that the Lord Chamberlain could have sent the order alluded to . He concluded by observing , that it sir J. Moore had been alive , he himself would , in looking at Spain , have been convinced that the salvation of that country had been the consequence of the step which he had taken in retreating through Gallicia . spoke in favour of the motion . He did not see what ministers could have expected , to induce them to hazard such an army in such an expedition . They took credit to themselves for the diversion effected in favour of the Spanish cause . But looking at the subject in another view , it was no merit of their 's that the army had escaped at all . He was of opinion that it would have been better to have retreated to Portugal ; and he thought it impossible for any candid man to read the papers , and not to be convinced that