length . A few evenings ago he had voted against lord Castlereagh ; be would again do so were that discussion brought forward again , but in the present case the circumstances were , in his opinion , very different . It was impossible for him to reconcile it to his conscience to vote against him for having been concerned in alledged transactions of that nature . He did not think it justice when those practices were carried on by ten thousand different persons , to select those gentlemen charged by the hon . member to be the only victims , when so many who had sat there before him , nay who sat there with him , were suffered to escape with impunity . The hon . baronet had said that every sensible man laughed at a Bill recently brought in by his hon . friend ( Mr. Curwen ) . The hon . baronet he supposed would not consider any man sensible who did not laugh at it , but he did not hesitate to state it as his opinion , that the bill was calculated to produce the most beneficial effects . Instead of considering of any wild plan of Reform , he thought it would be well if they took that bill into consideration , improve it when it would admit of improvement , and make the best they could of it , to prevent such evils from recurring in future ; but not to proceed against individuals because that had been proved to exist which had long been notorious ; which was not more strange to us than the sun at noon day ; which was as well known as the streets of the metropolis . He was aware it might be said , because he thus defended ministers ; that some of his friends were guilty of similar actions : he did not know , he could not answer for them , but he could answer for himself . Than himself no one could be more innocent ; he had never given one shilling away in his life to bribe an elector . The question was not , whether one party had been more culpable than the other , but whether it would be proper to proceed against individuals situated as the 520 two ministers charged by the hon . gent . were . For his part , he did not think it would be just to select those gentlemen as the only persons who ought to be proceeded against on such a charge . did not agree with the hon . gent . who had just sat down . He had stated two reasons why they should not proceed against the ministers charged with corruption : The first , because a Bill had been brought into the house which might prevent the so frequent recurrence of such abuses ; the other , because the facts were so notorious that every one knew of them . He wished to know how long the hon . gent . who spoke last , as well as the right hon . gent . opposite , had thought so favourably of that Bill . Whatever might be the ultimate success of that bill , he thought it no argument against inquiring into the conduct of those accused , nor did he think the enormity of such practices diminished by their notoriety . He remembered with what a jeer of denial the statements he had made of a similar nature had been greeted . They did not deny that such abuses existed in words , but they did by signs , which every body understood ; but now gentlemen opposed the measure , because they were ignorant how far its effects might extend . When he moved that a Committee should be appointed for the purpose of making a general inquiry into Abuses , it was opposed because it was too general . Had specific charges been brought , it was stated no opposition would have been made ; but now specific charges were brought forward , it should appear they were too specific , and a general measure