maintained the clause as a fundamental part of the present military system of the country which preferred the ballot to recruiting by other means . He contended that the former was the surer mode of raising the men , and confessed he was not daring enough to try the experiment of recruiting recommended by the hon . gent . The experiment for one year was all he durst venture upon . explained . Whether friend to the ballot , or recruiting , he would equally object to the noble lord 's plan and take the sense of the house upon the present clause.—The committee then divided , For the original clause 52 Against it 2 Majority —40 On re-entering we found sir J. Montgomery proposing that recruits for militia regiments might be raised in the counties adjoining to that to which they belonged ; which , after some observations , was agreed to . Another divison took place on the clause for imposing a fine of 20l . per man , on counties failing to furnish their quota of men . For it 34 Against it 9 Majority —25 The remaining clauses having been gone through , Mr. Biddulph proposed a new clause : the object of which was to prevent peers of the realm claiming exemption from the operation of the bill . On this clause the committee again divided ; when the numbers were , For the clause 1 Against it 37 Majority —36 The house having resumed , the Chairman reported progress , when the further consideration was postponed till Thursday next . moved the Order of the day for the second reading of this bill . said , that he did not intend to oppose this motion ; but he wished 94 to take this opportunity of expressing his opinion upon the reports already made by these Commisioners . He said , that he did not think the report upon the assessed taxes was such a one as the great defects in the manner of collecting them called for . That the Commissioners had not brought to light the abuses that notoriously prevailed , nor given any advice by which the system might be amended . He wished that they would review the subject of collecting these taxes , and suggest what might appear to them necessary for rendering them more productive . The other reports contained a large portion of very important information , and did credit to the zeal of the Commissioners . He wished , however , to know , whether the abuses they exposed had been put down , and whether the recommendations of reform contained in them had been acted upon . In the Custom departments they shewed great irregularities to have existed in the conduct of the officers employed to superintend the coasting trade , and to take care of goods landed on bills of view—a sum of 200,000l . having been lost to the public by goods taken away from the Custom-house , without payment of duty.—They likewise found great fault with the system in which the collector 's accounts were ordered to be kept , and with the jurisdiction of the Sub-Commissioners . In the Excise department , they fully proved that where a revenue of 700,000l . had been collected on spirits , one of 2,200,000l . ought to have been levied . This was a matter of great importance , because it proved beyond a doubt that , if this duty was properly collected , no necessity would exist of any such tax as that proposed this year on malt . The Commissioners , as a remedy for illicit distillation , had proposed the adoption of small stills , as used in Scotland , a remedy that appeared to be the only effectual one that could be adopted . The hon . member said , it was absolutely necessary that something should be done immediately to meet the evil , for that one county had been fined at the last assizes 5,000l . He said that the existing laws were very defective , inasmuch as they imposed very heavy fines on illicit distillation , at the