when we put aside even a harmless insect , that the world is large enough for both . This extension of benevolence to objects beneath us , become habitual by a sense of duty inculcated by law , will reflect back upon our sympathies to one another , so that I may venture to say firmly to your lordships , that the bill I propose to you , if it shall receive the sanction of parliament , will not only be an honour to the country , but an æra in the history of the world . approved of the principle of the bill , but thought the application of it attended with some difficulty . That , however , was a matter of consideration for a Committee , and in that stage of the proceeding he would give the measure every possible attention . rose to call the attention of the house to a subject , trivial certainly in one point of view , though of some importance in another , and relative to which he proposed to offer a motion . It was a disgusting circumstance which ought not to exist ; namely , the appointment of a person to the office of Ordnance Store-keeper in Hyde-Park , with a salary of 120l . a year , a comfortable house to live in , with allowances of coals , candles , and other perquisites ; and this a person who never had served the country an hour in army or navy , and also a foreigner . This situation ought to have been conferred on some meritorious old officer , worn out in the service ; and many hundreds of such , he was sorry to say , there were pining out the evening of life in penury , any one of whom would be glad of such a situation . 572 The person who held this appointment might have been for years perhaps the faithful servant of some honourable gentleman or noble lord , who , no doubt , recommended him to the patronage of the master-general of ordnance . It was certainly right that long and faithful services should attach the regard of a master to his servant , and it was desirable that meritorious persons in such stations should have comfortable provision for old age ; but , then , persons in opulent circumstances should make that provision at their own expence , without trenching on that source which should exclusively belong to military men who had claims upon the generosity of their country , when worn out in her service . The honourable member concluded by moving for a copy of the appointment of Christian Frederick Walter to the said office of Ordnance Store-keeper in Hyde-Park , and an account of the salary , and all emoluments attached to the said office . said , he was the person who had five years ago recommended this Mr. Walter to the situation , in consequence of an application from lord Chatham , then master of the ordnance , to him , requesting him to look out for a trusty person to fill that office ; and it was he also who had named the salary of 100l . as a reasonable allowance for the service . Mr. Walter , he said , certainly was a Hanoverian , who had been 37 years in England , the greater part of which time he had been a faithful servant in the employment of Mr. Villiers , and maintained an unimpeachable character . Had he ( Mr . Pole ) conceived the employment , which required constant attendance , to be of such a nature that a military officer could look upon it as acceptable , he certainly should have recommended the place to be filled by such a gentleman ; but having no such idea , he recommended the present store-keeper , and took upon himself the whole responsibility for whatever was blamable in the appointment . , in explanation , said , he had thrown no blame on any person whatsoever ; all he had said was , that in his opinion the military were the