as a financial measure . The test of a good tax was , that it put into the Exchequer the greater part of what was drawn out of the pockets of the people . Here , however the greater part went into the hand of the agent . opposed the continuance of Lotteries . Though the Chancellor of the Exchequer purposed to do away a great evil , could he shut his eyes against what remained ? The Resolutions were then agreed to , and the Report ordered to be received on Monday . rose and said : —My Lords ; I am now to propose to the humane consideration of the house , a subject which has long occupied my attention , and which I own to your lordships is very near my heart . It would be a painful and disgusting detail , if I were to endeavour to bring before you the almost innumerable instances of cruelty to animals , which are daily occurring in this country , and which , unfortunately , only gather strength by any efforts of humanity in individuals to repress them , without the aid of the law.—These unmanly and disgust- 554 ing outrages are most frequently perpetrated by the basest and most worthless ; incapable , for the most part , of any reproof which can reach the mind , and who know no more of the law , than that it suffers them to indulge their savage dispositions with impunity.—Nothing is more notorious than that it is not only useless , but dangerous , to poor suffering animals , to reprove their oppressors , or to threaten them with punishment . The general answer , with the addition of bitter oaths and increased cruelty , is , What is that to you ? —If the offender be a servant , he curses you , and asks if you are his master ? and if he be the master himself , he tells you that the animal is his own . Every one of your lordships must have witnessed scenes like this . A noble duke , whom I do not see in his place , told me only two days ago , that he had lately received this very answer . The validity of this most infamous and stupid defence arises from that defect in the law which I seek to remedy . Animals are considered as property only : to destroy or to abuse them , from malice to the proprietor , or with an intention injurious to his interest in them , is criminal ; but the animals themselves are without protection ; the law regards them not substantively ; they have no rights ! I will not stop to examine whether public cruelty to animals may not be , under many circumstances , an indictable offence : I think it is , and if it be , it is so much the better for the argument I am about to submit to your lordships . But if even this were clearly so , it would fall very short of the principle which I mean anxiously and earnestly to invite the house to adopt . I am to ask your lordships , in the name of that God who gave to man his dominion over the lower world , to acknowledge and recognize that dominion to be a moral trust . It is a proposition which no man living can deny , without denying the whole foundation of our duties , and every thing the bill proposes will be found to be absolutely corollary to its establishment ; except , indeed , that from circumstances inevitable , the enacting part will fall short of that which the indisputable principle of the preamble would warrant . Nothing , my lords , in my opinion , is more interesting than to contemplate the helpless condition of man with all his godlike faculties , when stripped of the aids which he receives from the numerous classes of inferior beings , whose qualities , 555 and powers , and instincts , are admirably and wonderfully constructed for his use . If ,