would pot very readily believe , that on military matters he , as commander in chief , would be influenced or directed by any diplomatic character . They even had the gallant general 's own acknowledgement that he undertook the movement entirely upon his own authority , and that he had applied to Mr. Frere for information , not for judgment . He had determined to advance , he says , in his letter of the 9th , from a combined view of the advantages and disadvantages which would result from it to this country and to Spain.—Sir J. Moore had acted on just political grounds , and to shew the Spanish nation that if they did perish , it should not be without our risking every thing to save them . He did not mean to say that the opinions of Mr. Frere had no weight ; but it was evident sir John Moore acted on his own judgment , in advancing to Valladolid , after the fall of Madrid , which he determined on doing upon the 10th of December , three days before the letter from Mr. Frere , containing the strong expressions so much commented upon , could be received.—Setting Mr. Frere , therefore , out of the question , the movement of itself must alone be examined , and it had been adopted by one of the best military officers this country ever produced . The noble 460 lord had not dwelt much on the retreat of our army ; but in that little he had exaggerated our loss . This loss he lamented as much as any one ; but it ought always be considered that it amounted to no more than 7,000 men , including casualties ( which , if the army had staid at home , would have amounted to 3,000 ) including also the consequences of two general actions , and many of smaller note , and the whole period from the time general Spencer left Gibraltar in the preceding winter to the end of the campaign—a campaign which had added to our military renown , our reputation , and our national character , and , from the experience it had afforded , been the school of many heroes in the British service , who would hereafter still further extend our glory . The real loss of men sustained by the country was not so great , therefore , as had been stated , and if it were compared with the military glory derived from it by the country , it must appear very small indeed . He was confident such would have even been the opinion of that gallant officer , whose loss they all must deplore.—It was true he had formerly blamed the administration , whereof the noble lord who moved the Resolutions had formed a part , for their want of foresight in providing transports , and utter neglect of cavalry ; but that was under very different circumstances . They , it would be recollected , dismissed the transports when they were just wanted , and they neglected to send cavalry at the very time they were promising them . Now , he would inquire , if that was the case , when the troops were sent to Spain ? When the house should bear in mind that 9,000 horses had been sent to Spain and Portugal with the late expeditions , perhaps it would not be said that the present administration deserved any similar censure . The horses were not all caralry ; indeed , some of them were artillery horses , and some belonged to the royal waggon train , and the staff ; under these circumstances , he trusted that the same reasons did not exist for blaming the present administration for not succouring our allies , which then existed against his majesty 's late ministers . No country ever gave a greater manifestation of energy than Spain , at the beginning , of the insurrection , and government was fully justified in having offered them every assistance in their power . It was true , indeed , that in some places there was