Spaniards , and they had received the communication when they were pressing sir John Moore to advance . He concluded by observing , that he considered the Battle of Corunna a victory : as for the great , the brave , the valiant , and heroic Moore , who died , to use the words of a great English author— `` In joys of conquest , lie resign 'd his breath , `` And fill 'd with England 's glory , smil 'd in death ! '' thought the noble lord who brought forward the motion and those who had followed him , had been pretty liberal in their censures on government . According to them , ministers were wholly unfit to hold their places ; he did not doubt but they knew of persons who , in their opinion , might be substituted with great advantage . He thought at that late hour it was unnecessary for him to consider what precise line of conduct England ought to have pursued ; but this he would say , that honour , justice , and , above all , policy , called upon her to support the Spanish cause by every means in her power . The noble lord opposite , he said , shaped his conduct like most prophets , in order to fulfil his ends . Was it , he would ask of the noble lord , a measure of disgrace to free ourselves from a troublesome and dangerous blockade , and to restore to the people of Portugal the possession of their native land ? Upon the whole , he received the noble lord 's animadversions on this head as a compliment which merited his thanks . He would beg leave , however , to say , that the brilliant expedition to Alexandria or Constantinople , was never considered by the noble lords opposite as matter of disgrace . In fact , they gave themselves always that liberal latitude which they withheld from others . The noble earl concluded by giving his negative to the motion . in a very eloquent and able speech , animadverted upon the impropriety of the noble lord who had preceded , having made use of sarcasms upon such a serious occasion . He then entered into a critical examination of the two expeditions to Portugal and Spain , and enlarged considerably upon the inconsiderateness of ministers sending out troops so badly equipped and so ill provided with cavalry . He also threw out many reflections upon ministers for having allowed Mr. Frere to interfere with the military operations of sir J. Moore , owing to whose superior judgment our army had been prevented from 172 falling into the hands of the enemy . Above all , he thought that ministers were reprehensible for endeavouring to throw the blame off themselves , and transferring it upon sir John Moore , who could not now appear to speak in his own justification . He hoped that such conduct would not lessen the ardour and zeal of the army , on which the salvation of the country so greatly depended . Upon these grounds he should vote for a motion that attributed to ministers the loss of seven thousand men , the loss of sir John Moore , eight millions of money , and created the addition of half a million of money to the burdens of the country , and above all disgrace to our councils and our national character . spoke a few words in favour of the motion . wished to know from the noble Secretary of State , whether it was the intention of ministers to recal Mr. Frere . He had heard that there was such an intention , and if so he should be satisfied ; but if not , he considered the conduct of Mr. Frere to have been so improper towards sir John Moore , that he should feel it his duty to call the attention of their lordships to the subject . He could not , however , at present name any day , nor could he state the precise terms of his motion . said