had been granted by an Act of the Assembly of the Island of Barbadoes in the year 1663 , but at that time those duties were appropriated to colonial purposes , the payment of their civil list establishment : and the internal benefit of the island itself . After the Revolution the application of those duties was extended , and appropriated by parliament in the reign of queen Anne to the civil list ser- 415 vice of this country . On referring to the 14th volume of the Journals , it would be found that a Petition had been presented to that house from the colonists in Barbadoes , stating the original ground of granting those duties , praying their due appropriation , and for relief , against the pressure occasioned by their recent appropriation . In consequence of that petition , it would appear from that volume of the Journals , that that house sent up an humble Address to her majesty , praying that those duties might be placed as nearly as might be , upon their original grounds , and that they should be omitted in the civil list ; and to this address her majesty had graciously replied , `` That these duties having been granted specially for particular purposes , should make no part of her civil list . '' But to prove that the house had a right to interfere on the subject , he referred to the Army Extraordinaries , where they would find provision uniformly made for those services to which these duties had been formerly appropriated . The public had a right , therefore , to these duties as purchasers , having defrayed the expenditure to which they were applied . When the four and a half per cents . had been originally granted , the salaries of the governors and other officers in the government of the island of Barbadoes , were then paid out of those duties , as appeared from the Accounts laid upon the table between the years 1701 and 1740 , and not the salaries only but the expences resulting from keeping the respective fortifications , & c. in repair : whereas at present all those estimates were included in the Army Extraordinaries for each year . There was also another ground upon which the application of that house to his majesty upon this subject could not be considered an interference with his royal prerogative . Originally the grant of a pension in 765 to the late duke of Gloucester , was paid out of the four and a half per cent . duties , but parliament afterwards transferred this grant , amounting to 9000l . a year , to the consolidated fund , and it was paid during the remainder of his life , for a number of years , not out of those duties , but out of the consolidated fund , which saving to the four and a half per cent . duties gave parliament a proportionable claim upon those duties , by diminishing in that proportion the charges upon them.—The next class of Pensions which he considered as questionable , and to which he proposed to call the attention of the house , was those issued out oft he Treasury 416 Fee Fund , out of the establishments of the different offices , and those created by way of addition to the establishments . These he considered not only questionable but suspicious , not alone from their nature and amount , but from the manner in which they originated ; and consequently proper objects of constitutional jealousy , and parliamentary superintendance.—Another head of Pensions which he looked upon as questionable was , that of those granted in the shape of pensions or allowances out of the ordinaries of the navy to retired civil officers and wives of living naval officers . No man could contend that a provision should not be made for officers under such circumstances , but it was the manner in which the thing was done that called for attention . That house had never proved backward to remunerate meritorious officers ; they had never refused any application for