. Deducting the pensions to the Burgh family and to lord Frederick Campbell , instead of 13,000l . only 4,000l . would appear to have been given . repeated his assertion , which was verified by the returns of the house of commons , and even ex- 876 pressly deducting the pensions now mentioned , 13,000l . annually would be found to have been granted . declared it was not his intention to enter into the former details of the debate . He was very ready to confess that Mr. Pitt had laid many perspicuous financial statements before the house , and believed it to be his object , at one period , to attain the utmost perfection he could in the science of finance . Whether he deviated from that determination since the year 1793 , it was for the house to judge . He certainly failed in some of his calculations , and as an instance the committee might refer to his prophecy in the year to which he alluded , that we should have a fifteen years peace . While he paid every tribute to the disinterestedness of his private life , and praised the poverty in which he died , still he must say that the war had been carried on with the utmost prodigality . In the barrack department alone the extravagance was amazing . Notwithstanding all that had been said by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) to prove that every attention had been paid to economy , he still thought , that there were grounds for complaints of the most serious nature , when the great waste of the country 's resources was considered which had been discovered in every branch of the war department . He thought it something extraordinary , that it should be said the hon . gent . received that pension still , which it was understood was to be given up by a person holding a situation of more than 2000l . a year . He did not know that he received more , but he supposed that at least his income amounted to that sum , and did not doubt but the hon . gent . would explain the matter in the most satisfactory manner . He did not intend to enter into the disputed question , as to the 4½ per cent . fund , but yet he thought both the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Long ) and Mr. Burke himself most incompetent judges upon the subject , because they were themselves renters from that very fund . The corruptions of former times had been very much dwelt upon in contradistinction to the purity of the present ; and much allusion had been made to the degradation of that house , at an early period , when bribery was common , and doles of the public money were dealt out to the members of that house by the government . Now , he had no doubt , even in those corrupt days , when reform and retrenchment 877 were proposed , that a loud outcry was raised on the occasion , and the integrity of contractors , & c. highly vaunted . Much it was said , had been corrected since ; but much , he contended , had been left behind to correct ; many branches of expenditure to be retrenched , and much extravagance to be curtailed . Now , because some men were pure , it was not necessarily to be inferred that all were so , and though he was of course inclined to pay the highest compliment to the patriotic forbearance of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) , still he was not sure that every one else deserved the same eulogium . The right hon . gent . had touched , indeed , but slightly , on the subject of the Barrack Board , that great source of public extravagance , and still less on the abuses of the Transport Board , where such vast sums of money were so unnecessarily squandered . [ Mr. W. Pole