perfectly consistent throughout . About the same time sir David Baird was directed to send his transports to the Tagus to convey the infantry which they supposed sir John Moore might wish to dispatch from Lisbon to Corunna ; thus so curiously did they dovetail their combinations , that transports were to be sent in October from Corunna to the Tagus for infantry , while transports were to come from the Tagus to England for cavalry , before we could have an effective army in Spain ; in that country , which so early as May we had been earnestly solicited to assist . When the determination to send a British force to Corunna had been formed , one would have thought that ministers would have paved the way for its landing at that port . But no such thing : no communication had been previously made to our commissioners ; no arrangement entered into with the Junta of government ; and sir David Baird at his arrival at Corunna not only found himself without money to pay his army , but was actually refused permission to land by the Junta of Gallicia . When at length the army was permitted to land , the last division did not enter Corunna till the 8th of November , only two days before two of the Spanish armies had been annihilated , and twenty-four before Buonaparté entered Madrid . No information had been previously sent even to lord William Bentinck , as to the destination of the army of general Baird , and upon this point he had remonstrated . But , to shew that the noble lord had not a patent for want of information and want of foresight , Mr. Secretary Cooke , who replied to this remonstrance , stated , that government had had no reason to believe , from captain Kennedy 's letters , that there would have been any difficulty as to the landing of the army ; and yet , strange to state , on the very day this answer was dated , Mr. Secretary Cooke had received a letter from captain Kennedy , stating the difficulty that the Junta would place in the way of the landing of the army . How different was the conduct of the enemy ! Buonaparté always flew to his object upon the wings of the eagle ; whilst the noble lord crept upon the , back of a tortoise to oppose him . And lest the eyes of Europe should not be open to the tardy character of his measures , the noble 447 lord , as appeared by one of the documents upon the table , started suddenly from his freezing career , and abandoned for the moment the snail-like sinuosities of his course : for on the 2nd of November , the noble lord wrote to sir John Moore that some mighty exertion was to be made for Spain , and that Buonaparté 's preparations were only to be met by correspondent efforts ; and this he wrote on the day that Buonaparté commenced his career on the Ebro with 120,000 men ; and only a few days before all the Spanish armies were destroyed . The disembarkation of the troops under sir David Baird did not commence before the 26th of October , and before the whole of his army was landed , the French had acquired such an ascendancy in Spain as to render the success of the campaign hopeless upon our part . But it was not alone the want of wise arrangement or of judicious combination in their military measures , that proved the misconduct and incapacity of ministers ; they shewed themselves equally culpable and no less incompetent in having sent sir John Moore upon this arduous and important service without any settled plan of operations . The noble lord , indeed , ( Castlereagh ) wrote to him on the 26th of September , telling him that he would be in great good time ; that he should himself try to form a plan , and that he could consult upon that subject with the Spanish general . It was not