the two he had just specified ? No ! it was distinctly this ; `` In no shape shall the Spanish people be admitted to treat , because they are in a state of rebellion against me and the sovereign it is my will to impose upon them '' . Thus , then , it was Buonaparté , and not the British government , that had required recognition . The requisition was not contained in their demand , as a prelude to negociation ; but in his answer . But the case did not rest here . If he had simply said , I will not admit the Spanish people through their existing government to treat , it would not have been so much , but the reason he immediately after assigned , put an end to the question . He affirms that Joseph Buonaparté is king , and in complying with his preliminary , we should not only have abandoned the interest , but destroyed the name of Spain ; we must have admitted the description of the Spanish people as rebels , and sanctioned their punishment as traitors ! To whom ? —Joseph Buonaparté : thereby , while he scouted the proposal of the admission of the de facto govern- 218 ment , tacitly commanding our recognition of his atrocious usurpation . Yet , if any further illustration of his principles were necessary it was to be found in the next paragraph ; respecting the Roman Catholics of Ireland . He only mentioned this circumstance to reprobate it , and noticed the argument adduced by our enemy to show its falsity in deduction , though he was far from allowing it to be even founded in truth . He begged to be understood as not acknowledging that the Catholics in Ire-land were rebels ; but if there were rebels in that country , they were rebels to a king in complete possession of the country and perfect in all his rights of sovereignty . Yet they were compared to the universal Spanish nation in arms against the usurpation of Joseph Buonaparté , who neither had right to their throne nor possession of their monarchy . But to return to the argument of insisting on a preliminary demand , he had to repeat , that the British government had demanded nothing , they had merely resisted a demand . They had said , we will not , with a stroke of a pen dismiss a whole people to slavery , and acknowledge a tyrannous and usurping dynasty . It had also been said that the question in Spain was merely as to the rights of different kings , and that the matter between Charles IV . and Ferdinand VII . did not require our interference . He readily agreed to this , as we had no business with the question between these legal and legitimate sovereigns . It was the person whom the country unanimously preferred as their king , that we were bound to acknowledge . The only question was , which should have greater force , the edict of Buonaparté , or the almost unanimous declaration of Spain . The universal enthusiasm of the Spanish nation in favour of Ferdinand VII . had determined this country in its decision . It had , indeed , been said , and asserted by our enemies , that this universal enthusiasm was the result of arts practised by Great Britain . To say nothing of the absurdity of this assertion , which could only be supported by confounding all dates and times , it was scarcely requisite to point out the impossibility of stirring up numerous provinces at a distance from each other , and resembling so many distinct kingdoms , to rise at once and unanimously lift up their hands for liberty and independence . Fifty proclamations had almost simultaneously been issued from different points of the Spanish dominions . All the 219 provinces of the monarchy , with the exception of only two or three , accorded in declaring Ferdinand VII . to be the object of their choice , love , loyalty and admiration . Would it