but they were so gross , and so often repeated , that they began to lose all credit . But the British press had not as yet been reduced to this degraded state and character : and , consequently , when the misrepresentations from that source arrived in America , they misled the people of that country . And even the government of that country appeared to have fallen into the same error ; for though they had the evidence in their hands , yet they could scarcely bring themselves to imagine that such audacious misrepresentations could have been made in the place where their falsehood was so open to detection.—He admitted , that , if the fact had been as represented by the hon . gent. , that the commerce of this country had been untouched by the Berlin Decree , we would not have acted with that friendship and good understanding towards America , which ought to have animated our conduct , in issuing our Orders in Council . The foundation of the hon . gent . 's reasoning however , being done away , his whole superstructure fell to the ground , and all his arguments dropt . The Berlin Decree did not operate during the whole of the nine months argued on by the hon . gent . but only during forty days of that period , 1187 namely during the month of September , and the 10 first days of October , within which period our trade had been annihilated , and actually amounted to nothing . The hon . gent . had regretted the circumstance of his being opposed to professional men : but the way to argue was , to get premises before they came to conclusions , and the house needed no lawyer to tell them that . Having established the fundamental point , which was the great point of difference between the hon . gent . and himself , he thought the subject was relieved from much of its difficulty . It might be asked what we had gained by the Orders in Council ? —To which he would answer , all that we had not lost . In this way , the question was not how much our trade had encreased under the operation of the Orders in Council , but that in reality all we had ; all that was now left to us , was owing to them . If he saw a man drowning in the Thames , and were to take him up in a boat , and restore suspended animation , would that person be entitled to reproach him next day , because he was not more strong and healthy than he had been the day before he fell into the river ? Would it not rather be esteemed sufficient that he was not in that miserable state in which he found him , but that his condition , though not so strong as before , had been somewhat improved through his means ? He was astonished to hear it contended that through our Orders in Council , we bad lost the trade of America . The non-importation act , and the embargo , and not our Orders in Council , had excluded us from this trade . Gentlemen who had used this argument , were at length driven to the desperate plea that our Orders in Council had produced both of these steps on the part of the American government . To prove , the fallacy of this idea , he read the evidence of Mr. Inglis , the East India director , who stated , that but for the Orders in Council , the Berlin Decree must have had the effect of depriving us of the commerce , not of the continent , and of North America alone , but of that of the New World also . The question , therefore , was to be considered as between what we now were , and our utter annihilation as a mercantile country . This being so , he would frankly own , great as his desire was to continue on amicable terms with