to a particular exigency , arising out of the circumstances of the moment , and partaking of the partial and fleeting stamp of the occasion out of which it originated . Such was the distinction , which was obvious to his understanding , and he hoped would appear equally clear to that of the house . There was a principle which said that no right should be pressed by a neutral during war , but such as neutrals had a right to press during peace . America had said , in effect , that if France had omitted part of the declaration , she might still have retained her hostility to England , and America would be assisting her measures of depression towards this country . This was a justification of the principle upon which ministers had acted.—As to whether France was or was not the aggressor , he thought that question would obviously be decided by a slight review of the ease . He was willing to allow , that if G. Britain had departed from the law of nations , if she had violated those principles that must ever be held sacred among nations as among individuals , and that the Berlin Decrees were justly deemed are taliation for that conduct ; if this was the case , he admitted , that even the severity of the retaliation , could not justify the conduct of G. Britain , or afford the slightest palliation of the crime of which she would thus have been guilty . But in the papers transmitted from America upon this question , there appeared an anxious solicitude to give to Great Britain the priority in wrong ; there was a sedulous endeavour to establish what never could be established—that there were violations on her part , previous to the Berlin Decrees , and that it was as a reprisal upon those violations , the Decrees were resorted to . Among these violations were enumerated the orders for impressing American seamen , founded upon the rule of 1756 , and the proclamation of a nominal blockade . With respect to the former , it 1206 was justified by the rule upon which it was founded . And as to the latter , he could state , that there was force sufficient for the conducting of the blockade ; which being the case , the charge of America against this country must fall to the ground . He was happy to have it in his power to vindicate the character of G. Britain ; but it was a reflection , that interfered to moderate and depress his exultation , when he saw , that that vindication must involve the conduct of America in this censure , that she had brought a false charge , and persisted in it . The hon . gent . opposite had expressed a love for his country , in which he was certain that he was sincere ; that hon . gent . must think favourably even of the prejudices that attached us to our native land , and therefore he was of opinion that he would join him in preferring the exculpation of his own country , and agree even to admit the operation of his prejudices towards it ; that he would let them act to the influence of his judgment in a case where there was a doubt as to the justice , much more in a case where that justice was distinctly marked and unequivocally ascertained.—If it were true that France was the aggressor , and that the Berlin Decrees were acts of an hostile nature , the case of ministers was established . When the Order of the 7th of Jan. was made out , the preamble that accompanied it , avowed the principle of retaliation , at the same time distinctly reserving the full extension of that principle to another period . In Nov. it appeared to government that the Order of the 7th of Jan. had not , nor was not producing its proper effect , and that the extension of the principle recognized in it , was called for at that moment .