to their being produced in another form . stated , that sir J. Moore , in delivering his dispatches to him , observed that they were private and confidential ; but that ministers were at liberty to publish any parts of them they might think proper . then rose , and said , that in proposing to the house to address to his majesty the expression of their thanks for the communication which his majesty had been graciously pleased to make of the Papers upon the table ; their acknowledgment of the principles upon which his majesty had acted throughout his communications with the courts of France and Russia ; and their resolution to support his majesty during the continuance of the war , which he had been unable to bring to an end consistent with honour or security , he could not anticipate opposition , nor did he believe there could exist any diversity of opinion . He apprehended , that any question which would that day arise , must apply to the conduct of his majesty 's government as to the manner in which it had followed up its principles , and not to the principles themselves upon which they had acted . Whatever of doubt or of hesitation there should be would only be felt as arising out of the particular steps of the negotiation , and not as to the principle upon which it turned , or the result in which it terminated . No man , he believed , in the house would say , that if the business had been otherwise conducted , it would have led to a negotiation , or ended in peace . What he , therefore , had to say in proposing the Address , would lose much of its interest , because the result under any circumstances would not have been different , as the intentions of the enemy were obvious on the face of their overtures . No man would contend that the overtures had ever been sincerely meant to lead to a negotiation , or afforded the slightest chance of peace . On the face of the overtures their delusive character was manifest , and he saw before hand what must have been the necessary result . If it could be shewn that any principle had been introduced into the discussion inconsistent with the sincerity 211 of pacific intentions , or any opportunity lost of bringing to a point the intentions of the enemy ; if it could be shewn that any occasion had been taken to put an end to the intercourse , before it was obvious that it could not be continued with any prospect of success , or without dishonour ; he would admit , that in either of these cases , though the final result might be the same , yet that blame would justly attach to his majesty 's ministers . In what he had to say , therefore , he meant to confine him self to their conduct , rather than by argument to enforce principles upon which every man must be agreed . There was this singularity in his present situation , in moving the Address upon this subject , that if ministers had been called to account for their conduct in the transaction , either at the moment in which it took place , or immediately after its termination , he should have had far different topics to touch upon from those to which he was now obliged to advert . Any man who recollected the sensation excited by the receipt of the overture in this country , any man who could remember the state of the public mind at that period , and upon this subject , must be aware , that if any fault was attributed to his majesty 's government , it was that of having entertained delusive overtures of a dangerous tendency , rather than that of putting a precipitate stop to the prospect of a negotiation . The general apprehension at that period was , lest ministers should suffer themselves to be entrapped into an idle and delusive negotiation , which could lead to