that , he presumed , could only have been necessary , or indeed apologized for , in the moment of defeat . Upon what principle , therefore , such an expedient was resorted to , he , for one , accustomed to other methods , could not account ; they only who acted in it can explain it . Just the same opinion he entertained of the Court of Enquiry ; it was a shield to ward off investigation from ministers themselves ; but he trusted that their lordships would not be prevented from making a scrupulous investigation of it in their own way . He knew the character of the Portuguese exceedingly well ; they excepting the city of Lisbon , were as brave people as any upon the continent of Europe , and , officered with British soldiers , would have presented an undaunted front to Frenchmen . Why was not that expedient made use of ? Ministers ought to have known their value , and if they did not , their ignorance was inexcusable . If that house did its duty , they would immediately proceed to the foot of the throne , and there tell the so- 9 vereign the bold truth , that if he did not remove them he would lose the country . These were the sentiments of his heart ; he spoke them as a solemn duty , which he found himself bound to express . It was probably the last time he should trouble their lordships , and with that , said the noble admiral , I wish your lordships a good night . ( At these words the noble earl instantly walked out of the house . ) complained , that in consequence of the mode which his Majesty 's ministers had of late years adopted respecting the Speech from the throne , noble lords were often betrayed into an involuntary approbation of the Address . Formerly , it was the custom to read the Speech previously to its being read from the throne , by which the members of both houses were put in possession of the substance of it at least . That excellent custom had been discontinued ; and any noble lord who might disapprove of the Speech , was thereby precluded from offering an Amendment to the Address . He would , however , admit on this occasion , that there was not much in the Address to produce a difference of opinion . He cordially approved of that part of the Speech which expressed a determination to give all possible assistance to the Spaniards , so long as they should be true to themselves . He did not despair of the Spanish cause , provided the vast means of this country were employed in the manner best calculated to distress and embarrass the enemy . He also concurred in that part of the Speech which expressed disapprobation of the Convention of Cintra ; but he would have been better pleased if that disapprobation had been followed by an avowal that ulterior measures were intended . Ministers having professed their determination to persevere in the cause of Spain , he trusted that their exertions would henceforth be made in a manner different from what they had been . His lordship severely censured that military arrangement by which a British army was sent into the heart of Spain , when it should have been sent to the foot of the Pyrenees . It should have been sent to a situation where it could not be exposed to the possibility of hiring obliged to retreat.—The noble earl expressed considerable regret that the disposition of America should not be favourable towards this country , but was rather inclined towards the Ruler of France . It must be admitted by all , that the Orders in Council did not originate in the smallest degree 10 of hostility on the part of Great Britain against America , but were only framed for the sole purpose of counteracting the obnoxious Decrees of Buonaparté ; and these Orders in Council , it was well known to the Americans , were designed to cease