decision of government against him.—The next charge urged by the noble lord and the right hon . gent. , was the appointment of sir H. Dalrymple . In the selection of that officer for the command , all his colleagues in office were unanimous , and they were all ready to share in the responsibility of it . They could have no personal bias in their favour . He himself had never seen sir H. Dalrymple , but on account of the confidence with which he had inspired the Spaniards , and the correspondence he had kept up with them , he was deemed a fit and proper person to take the command.—Such being his opinion of the proceedings of the Court of Inquiry , and the reasons which induced him to prefer that mode of investigation , he could not but think the decision of the Board as final , constituted as it was by officers of the first distinction ; and however he might seem to differ upon some points with his colleagues , yet he could not but agree with them in proposing the previous question on the first Resolution of the noble lord . For it would be contrary to parliamentary usage and practice to record on the Journals of the house a barren unproductive truth , which could now lead to no practical result . It would be saying no more than what his majesty had already said from his throne , and which must likewise be deemed the opinion of his ministers who had so advised him . But the hon . gent . had observed , that when ministers first heard of the Armistice from the Portuguese minister , they could not bring themselves to believe it . There were then many reasons to justify that disbelief . On the 4th of Sept. the Portuguese minister received a copy of the Armistice from the Junta of Oviedo . When it was first examined , it appeared incredible to government , not only on account of its matter , but because it was drawn up in French only ; because it differed in nothing from the form in which it was originally proposed ; and because it did not purport to be finally concluded . It was not exactly looked upon as a forgery , but as the rough draught sent to sir H. Dalrymple for his acquiescence , but in which no change or 972 alteration had yet been made . This was all the knowledge government had of the transaction , until the official copy of it arrived on the l6th of Sept—It had also been urged as a cause of the failure , that the army sent to Portugal was deficient in equipment , and unprovided with cavalry . Had that really been the case , then blame would attach to ministers ; but how did the thing stand ? Had the army been so deficient in these essentials as gentlemen would represent , could it have gained not only that splendid victory , but complete triumph , which was won at Vimiera ? But , it would be said it might have been more complete . The gallant general who commanded well knew that reinforcements would soon arrive . It had been even prescribed to him where to wait their arrival , if he did not conceive the force he already possessed to be equal to the objects he had in view . He was not for attaching any blame to his right hon . friend for not waiting their arrival ; the spirit , the boldness , the courage , and the correctness with which he achieved the victory , proved that his means were not inadequate . The gallant general succeeded ; but it was insinuated he ought not to have succeeded . Such was his brilliant career , however , till the negotiation . But was there no period after , when hostilities might have been recommenced ? Bid not reinforcements arrive on the 26th of August ? Was not the British army then superior to that of the enemy both in cavalry , in artillery ,