say , that regiments so circumstanced , and only called out for a month in the year , could be fit to meet an enemy in the field . He therefore thought the country rather hardly dealt by in this measure , not only upon the ground he had stated , but by the oppressive burthens which a fresh ballot would impose . The noble lord , it seemed , had at last found out that the ballot was oppressive on the people ; and he had found out an expedient for easing the burthen , by allowing to each balloted man ten guineas towards the bounty for procuring a substitute . The only operation however to be expected from this was to raise the price of substitutes , and impose in another way , a heavy burthen on the country . This was truly a most notable expedient , one which it was quite impossible the noble lord himself could expect to produce the effects he proposed . Upon the whole , he was decidedly averse , after so recently carrying into effect a militia ballot throughout the country , to resort again to another , and thus for the noble lord to come forward , year after year , with a measure like this , totally subversive of the original intent and constitution of the militia , and converting it to a mere vehicle for recruiting the line . was also averse to this measure , and testified to the severity with which the militia ballots operated . He regretted that the noble lord should bring forward the present bill , and urge it through the house , before he introduced the other bill , of which he had given notice . On the former occasion , both bills were brought forward together , and the house had an opportunity of discussing them in their progress . He wished the noble lord to slate when he meant to introduce his other bill . answered that it would be in the course of a week . though wishing to increase the disposable force of the country , thought the means proposed by this bill circuitous , inefficacious , and hostile to their own operation . He should rather at once vote for a bill to enable the whole of the militia to volunteer into the line , than take away one half of the militia , and leave the other to be filled up by recruits . It would be infinitely less oppressive to ballot men at once for the line . rose , and said , that if he forbore troubling the house at present at any length , it was not from want of a due sense of the many and radical objections to which the present measure was liable ; but as another Bill was shortly to be introduced , when there would be full opportunity of discussion , he should reserve himself for that occasion ; though it was rather unfortunate that his observations would come after half of a measure had been already adopted . But , while the present Inquiry into the Conduct of the Commander in Chief which so occupied their attention , to the exclusion of the weightiest considerations , considerations affecting the very existence of the empire , lasted , it was difficult , if not impossible to find opportunity for any other discussion . By the mode they had thought proper to adopt in conducting that inquiry , which , however , he thought could have been attained by a different course , as effectual , and certainly more speedy , it was now found they could not calculate upon its probable conclusion ; on the contrary , they had no controul whatever over their own proceedings , for a single woman ( Mrs. Clarke ) had shewn that she could rout them horse and foot ; it was , therefore , he thought the noble lord should not have brought the business on in such a situation . However detrimental the course they had adopted of prosecuting the Inquiry was , both to the service of the country