, he should give no opinion on her evidence . He should not follow the example of the noble lord who had penegyrised the lady on the occasion , because he thought it was premature to do so at present . As to the others , there was not one of them , but gen. Brownrigg , to whom a legal question had been put , and that question he had answered so as to deny that it was , in his opinion , the hand-writing of the duke of York . So far , therefore , from the fact being absolutely proved , there is still a doubt , it stands at present in equilibrio ; and the question now was , whether the house might not apply to persons who were adequate to speak on the subject ; and for his own part , he saw no reason why they should not endeavour to obtain as much information in it as they could . A case had been adduced , where a person was asked , whether a libel was in the genuine handwriting of the plaintiff , and that was allowed . The person 's hand-writing was then shewn , and he was asked whether that and the libel were not the same . That was a comparison of hands , and was objected to . The Inspector was asked whether the writing shewn him was a feigned hand , and that he was allowed to answer . The house ought therefore to go as far at least 853 as the courts of law , and that was what was wanted to ask of this witness from the Post-office . Because the Duke 's handwriting , as to this Note , had not been proved at all , it was desirable to know , whether it was likely to be a real or a feigned hand . He was therefore of opinion the witness ought to be examined . expressed his surprise that any objections should be made to the examination of the proposed witnesses , and observed , that those who made it their business to mark and compare different hands might reasonably be considered as more competent to judge of such affairs than others . said , the question appeared to him to be of such high importance that he thought the Committee should not determine on it before they were in possession of more information . The object was very different from that of courts of justice , and therefore the house could not be bound by the same ties . The right hon . gent . opposite had not stated the matter fairly , when he merely talked of a decision at bar , and one at Nisi Prius . The fact was , that in the case of Revett and Braham , which was a trial at bar , the decision was so contrary to the established principles of law , and gave so universal and great an alarm to the whole bar , that on the subsequent occasion in the case of Nisi Prius , Mr. Baron . Hotham , who was well known to be a judge very diffident of his own opinion , took on himself to reverse the law held on the other case , of the trial at bar : and it was very evident , and perfectly well known , that he , a single judge sitting at Nisi Prius , never would have undertaken to overturn that decision of the court , had he not been well aware that it had been highly and loudly condemned by the universal opinion of the whole bar . There was no question of law so nice , as that of saying whether any certain piece of writing was that of any one particular person or not ; the property , the liberties , and the lives , of all the subjects of this realm , were deeply interested in it ; and it ought never to be forgotten in that house , in particular , that Algernon Sydney lost his life by admitting a comparison of hand-writing ,