found that the sum , whatever it might have been , had , been paid into the office by the gentleman alluded to . said , the allusion he had made on that head was only to express his surprize that Mr. T. Steele had not been prosecuted . said that was not his business . said , it appeared somewhat extraordinary that this gentleman , who was a privy counsellor , should , at the time he was Paymaster of the Forces , in the face of an act of parliament , have helped himself to 12 or 14,000l . of the public money , and , notwithstanding that after this report he had himself acknowledged he had done so by paying back the money , he should still remain a privy counsellor . admitted many disagreeable circumstances had occurred in the Committee , but he believed from no ill intention in any one , nor from any desire to protract unnecessarily the time of the Committee . Many thought a reform as to the power and influence of the crown was necessary , and others that it was not ; and he believed each party was 126 actuated by what they really thought to be right . Many of the Committee thought the influence of the crown was the most valuable part of the constitution ; of course those would not agree to diminish it : but though he did not exactly agree with either party on this head , and many others , he still thought every one had acted to the best of his judgment . expressed his apprehensions , that after the discussions that had taken place , the appointment of a Committee would not be attended with any good effects . After all the pains and trouble such Committees could take , he could not see that the public burthens would be in the least diminished . As for what had been said respecting the prerogative of the crown , he conceived that if there were persons who held an opinion that it was more necessary to increase than take away from it , they were unlit to be appointed on this Committee . He regretted that when the Committee was first proposed , it had been taken out of the hands of the hon . gent , who brought it forward ( Mr. Biddulph ) , and the nomination of members made by a noble friend of his ( lord H. Petty ) , then chancellor of the exchequer . This was a fatal precedent , the effects of which they now witnessed . bore his testimony to the upright and honourable conduct of Mr. Bankes in the Chair , and defended the character of the . late Committee . But this was not the immediate matter before the house ; they were to look prospectively and not retrospective If ever a Committee was necessary , he thought this was the precise period when it was most so , as public economy was now more requisite than ever to the well-being of the state . In order to reconcile the different opinions that had been stated , he proposed that the names of gentlemen as members of the Committee , should be called from both sides of the house alternately . condemned the course pursued by the chairman and those who supported him in the last Committee , on account of their introducing into their Reports matters foreign to the purpose for which they were instituted , such as the king 's prerogative , the privileges of parliament , & c. He and those who were of his opinion in the Committee , opposed these innovations , and wished to confine the Report entirely to what they thought the only object of their labours , namely , the 127 reform of every abuse in the expenditure of the public money . did not think that any set of men had ever entered on their duty with a more earnest desire to discharge it than the members of that committee . He contended , however , that in the course of their proceedings questions