these dispatches , deemed expedient . Since it has been his wish , I certainly shall endeavour to execute it to the utmost of my power . rose to move the Thanks of the House for the defeat of the French before Corunna . The circumstances which led to the embarkation of our troops in Spain , were , his lordship observed , not now the subject for discussion , but the manner in which that embarkation was effected , and the victory which preceded it . He had always understood , that an attacking army had , even with no more than equal numbers , a tenfold advantage over the army assailed , the former having all the benefit of a preconcerted plan of operations , and dispositions made to carry that plan into effect . How much more , then , must the enemy have the advantage in an attack with greatly superior numbers , and at a period when our army had been harassed by a long and fatiguing march . Yet , with all these disadvantages on our side , the valour and good conduct of British troops decidedly prevailed , and the enemy were every where repulsed . The defeat was so complete , that the enemy did not venture to make another attempt to interrupt the embarkation , which was effected in the most perfect manner , not only the troops having been embarked , but also the horses , the sick and wounded , and the prisoners taken in the action . We had to regret the loss of some valuable officers in the battle , but we had more particularly to lament the loss of the illustrious officer who commanded . The whole life of sir John Moore had been exclusively devoted to the service of his country , and there was scarcely any service of importance in the last two wars in which that gallant officer had not been employed . Sir John Moore had upon every occasion displayed the same zeal and ability , and by his skill and science , and latterly by his experience , had acquired the entire confidence of the officers employed under his command . The fall of such a man was , indeed , a loss deeply to be lamented , and which , he , to whom sir John Moore was personally known , sensibly felt . It was , however , some consolation that the memory of such a man would remain ; that 134 his example , that the example of one whose death was as glorious as his life was honourable , would have the best effect in leading on others to emulate his conduct , to obtain the same honourable place in public estimation , the same strong hold of the admiration and gratitude of their country . His lordship observed , that in wording the motion , the precedent of Egypt , in which the gallant Abercrombie fell , had been followed , and concluded by moving the Thanks of the House to lieut.-general sir David Baird , second in command of the army in Spain ; lieut-general the hon . John Hope , who took the command on sir John Moore 's receiving the wound , which terminated in his much lamented death , and to the other officers employed . entirely concurred in the motion , and in every tribute of praise and gratitude that could be given to the army which had so gallantly achieved a victory , after suffering so much fatigue and so many privations . To sir J. Moore every tribute of gratitude was due for his able , skilful , and gallant conduct , and he deeply lamented his loss . But in giving this concurrence he could not avoid putting a question to ministers , and asking , how it happened that , so heavy and lamentable a loss should have been sustained , without any one object having been effected , except the embarkation of the army ? What ! did our troops go to Spain only to make their escape ? What was now to become of those