to the meeting at Waterford , the magistrates issued a notice for that purpose in the newspapers , but assigned no grounds for opposing the measure , as the Petition itself would shew . Every one in Ireland knew that the former bill was soon to expire , and yet no one had come to petition parliament in order to renew it . The obvious reason was , that at this moment there was an uncommon supply of grain in that country , insomuch that England had received from Ireland last year an importation of one million of barrels of oats more than ever before occurred . The continuation of the prohibition would not tend to yield any more food either for man or beast . He had a return from the officers of excise , stating the quantity of stills seized , together with their size and estimated produce , from which it appeared , that from the 10th of Jan. , to the 10th of Dec. 1808 , unlicensed stills had been seized capable of distilling 800,000 gallons of spirits per month , a quantity that would amount to half a million of gallons more than ever was formerly produced in Ireland within the same space of time . An idea had gone abroad in several parts of Ireland , that the clandestine stills afforded a more ready market to the farmers for their grain , which led these , kind of stills to be in general favourites with the lower orders of the people . Now , the object of the present measure was to bring the people to reason , and shew them that by encouraging the legal stills , preferably to the clandestine stills , the markets would be equally good , sure , and advantageous , and the revenues encreased . By putting the licensed stills thus in competition with the unlicensed ones , the feelings of the people would then be , which of them were most for their interest , to support . By 1046 doing away the unlicensed stills , he had no doubt it would prove a source of wealth to the people . The revenue , last year , upon malt and stills , amounted only to 120,000l . instead of one million and a half . Thus , there was nearly one-fourth of the revenue depending upon this measure , besides the destruction of the morality of the people . He believed the bill had already had a fair trial , and as it had not been found to succeed in Ireland , it ought to be discontinued . wished that the petition from Waterford should be read , in order to convince the right hon . gent . that his statement was erroneous , as to its not assigning any reasons for the opinions of these petitioners . Never did a petition contain stronger grounds , or a greater variety of reasons . It was signed by a great number of most respectable names , He had the authority from the mayor who transmitted it to him , to state , that if it could have been allowed to lay longer for signatures , it would have received all those of any note or consequence in the town . He could assure the house , he had no knowledge of the progress of any such petition , so that it came to him totally unsolicited on his part . There were few parts of Ireland more competent to form a judgment of the quantity of grain on hand throughout the country than Waterford , as nearly one-third of the whole grain was supplied from it . The town of Clonmel was in one of the most perfect districts of Ireland , and every person there was unanimous in their opinion as to the propriety of continuing the restriction of distillery from corn . The right hon . gent . had taken very fallacious grounds in arguing that the prices of grain were low throughout Ireland , for he had made his calculation when the price of spirits was 7s . per gallon , and did not advert