which was now moved for , would seriously consider the extensive range which it might afterwards be found necessary to take , and which would occupy so much time that it would completely obstruct the progress of any other public business . It had been said on the first night of the session , by a noble lord , that the misconduct of ministers was so obvious , that no inquiry was necessary to establish it . in reply to this imputation , ministers had then said , `` hear us before you condemn us ; move for any information you may think proper , and we assure you that we shall be as ready to grant , as you to call for it . '' Instead of this , however , the noble earl had come forward with a motion , not for a specific inquiry into a particular measure , but for a general inquiry into the State of the Nation , comprehending even the existing laws for regulating the press . As the noble earl had thought proper particularly to advert to the liberty of the press , he ( lord Eldon ) took this opportunity of expressing his opinion , that the law , as it at present stood , was quite equal to curb its licentiousness , provided it was duly enforced : But he mentioned this subject principally for the purpose of the indefinite extent to which the inquiry moved for by the noble earl might be carried.—His lordship concluded with saying , that if the noble earl was desirous of information respecting the grounds of any part of the conduct of ministers , he would take upon himself to assure him , that it would not be refused to him , even to the most unlimited extent ; but he did not think that their lordships would be of opinion , that this was precisely the time to go into an inquiry into all the various topics connected with the general State of the Nation . contended , that , if ever there was a time at which a motion for general inquiry ought to be entertained , the present was the moment . It was a moment which , of all others that had ever occurred in the history of the country , loudly called for the counsel and interposition of parliament . With what had just fallen from his noble and learned friend upon the woolsack respecting the liberty of the press , he most heartily concurred . He knew nothing on earth which , in his mind , approached nearer to perfection , than the English laws upon this subject ; and if breaches of them at any time occurred , he thought that the persons calumniated were 387 more culpable in not resorting to that protection which they held out equally to the characters of all , than the printers and publishers of the libels . Supposing , therefore , that the house were to go into a committee of inquiry , he did not conceive that their attention would be at all directed to any topic connected with the public press . With respect to the suggestion which had fallen from his noble and learned friend of dividing or restricting the inquiry , he hoped that the noble earl would not object to it , provided that he was not excluded from calling for investigation upon any particular subject on which he might conceive information to be necessary . His lordship was of opinion , that ministers were particularly culpable in not having consulted parliament upon the measures which were adopted at so important a crisis ; and , above all , in having suffered four months to elapse before they sent any assistance to Spain . An inquiry into their past conduct was especially called for , at a time when another expedition was reported to be in contemplation , and when the whole world was combined against us . On these grounds , the motion should have his most hearty concurrence . professed that he would have no objection to frame his motion in any shape