the object aimed at , and with that view had refrained from attending to the various and violent attacks which had been made , and the broad insinuations which had been thrown out against him . A time , however , would shortly arrive when he should have an opportunity of answering and repelling those attacks , and of shewing that he had been actuated only by what he thought a due 834 discharge of his duty to his country as an independent member of parliament . Conscious , as he was , of having fulfilled that duty to the utmost of his power , he should content himself for the present with the observations which he had thus thought it incumbent on him to make upon the subject . said , he rose for the purpose of saying a few words , in answer to an address to the Committee from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , which to him appeared the most surprising he had ever heard in that house . He appealed to the recollection of the whole Committee , and even to the hon . gent , himself , if he had not , from the commencement of the present inquiry , endeavoured to carry it on in such a manner as , in his mind , to avoid the possibility of such a charge as the hon . gent , had so unjustly brought against him . From the particular situation which he held in that house , he might have placed the conduct of this inquiry on other persons than himself ; but in justice to the royal personage who was the subject of it—the son of the revered master whom he served—he thought it would be a more direct and a more striking proof of his respect for the good opinion of his sovereign , and of the public , as well as of that royal personage who now stood accused , to stand forward , and openly and fairly support and defend the innocence of the accused , than to put it into any other hands . In doing this , he had endeavoured to act with every degree of candour and openness ; and if he could reasonably flatter himself with any part of his conduct being entitled to the approbation of the Committee , and free from misrepresentation or misunderstanding , it was precisely that which the hon . gent , had thought proper to select as the ground of his animadversion . As to the witness and prisoner who had just left the bar , and had proved himself unworthy of the smallest degree of credit , either from the Committee or any one else , he had never said a syllable which could be construed fairly as tending to support him . He did , indeed , say there had been a suppression of evidence , but he had not the most distant idea of imputing that to the hon . gent. , or to Mrs. C. , or to any other than himself . As to any attack which , might have been made upon the hon . gent . in the course of this inquiry , he could only say there had been none from him ; and he hoped , therefore , that what- 835 ever fault the ban . Gent . might find with what he termed the pompous manner , of his introducing the statement he had made to the house , he would do him the justice to exonerate him from a charge which , as he was perfectly conscious he had not deserved , he would be sorry should be attributed to him either by the Committee , the hon . gent. , or the public . said he had distinctly understood the rt . hon . gent . in the statement he had made last night , to say expressly , that he meant not any thing against his hon . friend , but merely alluded to the witness who was the object of that statement . He could not avoid bestowing on the right