higher classes . He was not disposed , perhaps , to attach all that weight to mere popular effort which some gentlemen were willing to ascribe to it , yet he thought that there had been many circum- 1078 stances in the case of Spain to inspire a confident hope of its success.—It was known that the popular rising was the simultaneous effort of the whole country . It was not one province calling upon another and procuring assistance and co-operation by degrees , but the whole country rising at the same moment , to assert its rights and contend for its indepedence . Within , he believed , the space of five or six days , all the provinces had risen . But it was not barely this circumstance that afforded hope or encouraged confidence : it also appeared , that in the course of a very few months , they had collected an army in Andalusia , and obtained a distinct victory over the French , under Dupont , at the memorable Battle of Baylen , in which the Spanish army was little superior in point of numbers to the enemy . He could also state to the house , as ft circumstance that proved the confidence of the Spaniards in their own strength , that when general Spencer applied to them to know whether he should come to their assistance , they stated that they confided in their own strength , and recommended his marching to the relief of Portugal . Nor was it merely to Andalusia they were to look ; Saragossa presented also a picture of encouragement : nor had Leon been deficient , for at the battle of Rio Seco the enemy had by no means the advantage they boasted of ; the Spaniards had , in fact , obtained decisive advantages , and would have effectually subdued the enemy , if they had had the benefit of cavalry to follow up their successes . Ministers were not to look only with a philosophical view to the constitution of Spain , but were to consider the army it could produce . What that army might be expected to do , if it had sufficient cavalry , could he easily inferred from what they had done , when in the course of two months it succeeded in driving 100,000 men from the provinces they had occupied , and confined them to the left bank of the Ebro.—As to whether the nature of the co-operation adopted by his majesty 's ministers was the best that could be resorted to under all the circumstances , he was now to consider . There were two extreme opinions upon this subject , and one middle one ; and the intermediate opinion having been adopted by his majesty 's ministers , they were ready to rest their justification on their having made choice of that middle opinion . One of the two other opinions was , that if Spain 1079 was really animated by the spirit of pure patriotism ; if she was in earnest in the great work of her own delivery , that she had the elements of her own salvation within herself ; that she therefore did not want British soldiers to fight her battles ; that she was sufficiently powerful as to men ; and that our co-operation need go no further than supplies of arms , money , clothing , ammunition , and whatever other necessaries might be wanting . Than this opinion , he was free to confess he knew nothing more unwise . Nothing could have tended more effectually to confirm that reproach which had been dealt out by the enemy against us , than that we should not in this instance have taken an active part ourselves . It would have looked too , like that selfish policy with which we had been changed , if while we were urging and exhorting , by every means in our power , a people to defend themselves against a powerful enemy , if whilst we were lavish of our money and stores , we should yet decline to embark our best treasure in a