of selector would not be conducive to the ends of general justice . After a long and desultory conversation , in which many plans were suggested , and in which Mr. Beresford , Mr. Canning , Mr. Barham , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Adam , Mr . Brand , lord Porchester , Mr. Wynne , and Mr. Wardle , took part , it was at last agreed to refer the letters to a Select Com- 643 mittee , to reject those that were irrelevant , and lay the others before the house . proposed to call in Mrs. Favery for examination , but the serjeant at arms appeared at the bar , and stated that she was not in attendance . after stating that it would be necessary to summons one of these witnesses for to-morrow , in order to identify Mrs. C. asked Mr. Wardle , whether he had any further charges to prefer ? replied , that he was not yet prepared to state the nature of a Charge which he meant to adduce , if he found the evidence satisfactory . If he should find it so , he should bring it forward to-morrow night . expressed a wish , that the hon . member would have 649 the goodness to slate the charge , in order that the accused might be prepared to bring forward evidence in his defence . said , it was impossible for him to state the charge at that moment , but he would be decided respecting it in the morning , and should take the earliest opportunity of informing the right hon . gent , of it . stated that , in consequence of the probable engagement of his lion , friend upon the business of the committee to be appointed , inquiring about the letters disclosed by Mr. Nicholls , he had undertaken to investigate the case he had alluded to , and he should apply himself to the investigation in the morning . could not conceive how there could be any difficulty in stating the nature of the charge : surely ; after so much inquiry , it was rather hard to keep the public or the accused any longer in suspence ; it was obviously desirable , that some information should be communicated as to this new charge , in order that evidence respecting it , if any , should be in readiness , and the case should close on both sides to-morrow night . He wished much , therefore , to know the description of the intended charge , with a view to have it forwarded to the D. of Y. without delay ; otherwise , there might be a difficulty , or at least , a delay in meeting it , against which delay it must be desirable by all parties to guard , after an inquiry so long protracted . said , that in its present state it could not be mentioned . was really surprised at the nature of the replies given to his right hon . friend . It was quite extraordinary , that a charge should be threatened , the object of which the accuser refused to explain , adding to that refusal a confession that he has still to look out for evidence to substantiate it . Neither in parliamentary proceedings nor legal record had he over heard of any charge so vague and indefinite . denied that the charge was either vague or indefinite , for this simple reason , that no charge whatever was made . It was because some doubt hung over this charge that it was not mentioned . If , while such doubt existed ; if before the investigation of the evidence appearing to support it , any charge were stated , then his hon . friend or he might be exposed to the imputation of preferring an unfounded charge Which he could not 650 substantiate . But he felt the propriety of the course which he was pursuing . He was not ashamed of his conduct , nor was he afraid of the consequence of any imputation which the right hon . gent , might