, he was ready to admit , at the same time , that he considered it to be a right in the exercise of which much caution was required . Indeed , such in his mind was the delicacy of interfering with the executive government in matters of negociation , that he thought it generally a preferable mode of proceeding , when their conduct failed of giving satisfaction , at once to address his majesty to dismiss the ministers composing it from his councils . The greater part of the noble lord 's speech was , indeed , an attack upon ministers , and of their conduct as connected in particular with the Orders in Council he disapproved on three grounds : Ist , He was of opinion that they were originally unjust and impolitic : 2dly , That their consequences were such as ought long ago to have led to their repeal ; and 3dly , That the proposition made by America to this country in August last , ought to have been accepted . The noble earl attempted a refutation of lord Grenville 's arguments upon each of these separate heads . The justice and policy of the Orders , he endeavoured to shew from the violence of the enemy 's aggressions , the necessity we 784 were under of resisting them , and the efficacy of this restrictive measure , in retorting the effects of the enemy 's violence upon himself . He denied , that the object of the Orders in Council was , as his noble friend had stated , to improve our own revenue . All that was proposed by them was to distress the enemy ; and this object had been completely attained , as was manifest from the accounts received from those countries which were unfortunately subject to his dominion , He was ready to allow , that our own trade had not been quite so prosperous in the last as in former years , at the same time that he could not admit the comparison instituted by his noble friend , in the two years of 1807 , and 1808 , as fair , much less would he admit that the apparent diminution was altogether to be imputed to the Orders in Council . The noble lord had forgotten that in 1807 the ports of Russia , of Denmark , and of Sweden were open to us , whereas throughout the whole course of 1808 , the ports both of Russia and Denmark had been shut against us . This change alone had produced a considerable effect upon the general state of our trade . But even the defalcation in our commerce with America , was not , as the noble lord had argued , attributable to our Orders in Council ; on the contrary , it was wholly attributable either to the American Embargo , or the American Non-Importation Act . The noble earl contended , that the Embargo was not the effect of the British Orders in Council ; and this he endeavoured to prove , as well from the language held in the American official documents , as from a comparison of dates . Nothing could be more conclusive evidence upon this subject , than the fact of the Embargo having been imposed three days before the Orders in Council were issued . Indeed so far was the diminution of Exports to be ascribed either to the Embargo or the Orders in Council , that our Exports had previously undergone a diminution of four millions sterling in consequence of the Non-Importation Act , which had been passed long before either of the other two measures was resorted to . And here he particularly requested their lordships to bear in mind , that , when the propositions of August last were , made by the American government , there was no hope whatever held out of this act being repealed , even though these propositions had been accepted . He did not wish to disguise from himself or to conceal from their 785 lordship , the inconveniencies felt by this country in consequence of the suspension of intercourse with