considerable ; and , therefore , he wished to know whether the right hon . gent . meant to examine any evidence on the subject , it 845 order to obviate any prejudices that might be entertained through the want of a more minute examination . answered , that when he made the statement a few days ago , he had mentioned to the Committee that the different tradesmen who had received sums of money from Mrs. C. , were in attendance to prove the sums they had respectively received ; and he at the same time stated , that if the house was disposed to go into a particular investigation upon the subject , it might be expedient to appoint a Select Committee for the purpose . He had also stated , that it would be impossible , he feared , to bring specific proofs of the actual conveyance of the money from h. r. h. to Mrs. C. , as the messenger who conveyed it could only prove that he had brought the sums from the banker to h. r. h. , and afterwards conveyed a number of separate parcels from h. r. h. to Mrs. C. , but could not prove their contents . He regretted , if the house was disposed to adopt the plan of a Committee , that the interval had been lost . There had been a variety of opinions expressed on the subject , but no gentleman intimated any wish for the Select Committee at the time . If , however , the house was now disposed to adopt the committee , he had no objection . said , he did not hear the right hon . gent . mention a committee ; but he feared that the report of a Select Committee would not be satisfactory . was , however , of opinion that the report of a Select Committee on this subject , like other Select Committees , to whom particular points had been referred in the course of this Inquiry , would be satisfactory to the house , as the former reports had been . He had conversed with the members of the other committees , who acknowledged that every thing had been conducted , on both sides , with the utmost candour and fairness ; and he therefore thought , that such a committee in the present case , composed more numerously , if deemed expedient , would much expedite the business , save the time of the house , and be perfectly satisfactory , said he did not mean satisfactory to the house , but to the public ; for his own part , he was perfectly satisfied on the subject , and had no doubts to remove ; but he thought the evidence would with much better effect be examined at the bar . rose to express his wish that a mis-statement , which appeared on the face of the Minutes of Evidence taken before the house , should be corrected . It related to the evidence of Mr. Greenwood , in the case of Mr. Elderton , who was appointed to a paymastership in consequence of his recommendation ; but Mr. Greenwood was represented on the Minutes to have said , that subsequent to his first recommendation , he found upon inquiry that Mr. Elderton was a person unfit to be recommended , in consequence of which he forwarded a remonstrance to the D. of Y. upon the subject , but Mr. Elderton 's appointment had taken place notwithstanding . Now , having himself some doubts as to the accuracy of the statement , he had appealed to Mr. Greenwood himself , whose authority he had for stating that the Minutes on this point were inaccurate ; and he proposed to call Mr. Greenwood to the bar for re-examination , in order to correct the error . said , that the evidence of Mr. Greenwood had not stated his having made a subsequent communication to the D. of Y. after his first recommendation ; but he stated that he found Mr. Elderton a person of improper character after his first representation , and that the