the house to support his majesty in persevering in a vigorous prosecution of the war , although he thought that unnecessary , because every war must be prosecuted with vigour until there was an end of it . No man was more desirous that himself to prosecute it with vigour , and therefore that part of the Address had his cordial 67 concurrence , not only in contemplation of war , but on the eve of a negotiation for the purpose of obtaining a just and honourable peace . But , if it was to be understood , that , by such an approval of the Address he was to be pledged to any thing like a bellum ad internecionem , he must not only dissent from , but protest against , it . God forbid that we should abandon the Spanish cause while it was possible for us to support it with any prospect of success ; but he was far from being sure that the time might not come when we shall have to treat with France after she shall totally have subdued Spain . He , by no means , condemned ministers for not accepting the propositions sent from Erfurth , as there was no man in the country who could admit of the abandonment of Spain as a preliminary to peace ; but what he found fault with was , that the country was apt to run wild with every gleam of good success . When the Spanish Patriots were successful last summer , nothing was spoken of , or thought of , in this country , but the utter ruin of Buonaparté and many politicans of the old school were thinking even of the divisions into which France was to be cut up . It was miserable for the country to be led so far by every tide of good success . He was tired of the vaunting expressions which he had been used to hear in that house for the last sixteen years , about the destruction , followed as they uniformly had been by the aggrandisement , of France . Even if the Spaniards had driven the French out of their country , they could have done but little more against the overgrown power of France . He recollected , that at different periods of the war , it had been said that England would never make peace unless this thing and the other was given up by France , and yet we afterwards were ready to treat with her , allowing her to retain her acquisitions . A few weeks after a negociation failed , we were always ready to call the man , with whom we had been content to negociate , an atrocious usurper . He thought that ministers were not only justifiable in refusing to treat on the terms offered at Erfurth , but that they would have been the basest of mankind if they had accepted such a preliminary . He could not , however , avoid regretting that the country had lost so many fair opportunities of negociating a peace , and that it had at length been reduced to such a foul opportunity , that it could not have accepted without eternal disgrace . The reason that 68 he did not approve of the treaty with Spain was , that England was bound by the engagement she had entered into to do all she could to assist Spain if there had been no treaty , and she could not do any more after the treaty . She would , however , appear somewhat disgraced in the eyes of the world by entering into a solemn treaty which she had no means of fulfilling . As to Sweden , whatever we might feel of advantage from the trade we have through that country , he was sure it would be much better for the poor inhabitants of Sweden and Finland that our subsidy of £100,000 per month was removed , and that they were allowed to make such a peace as was suitable to their interests . As to the firmness and magnanimity of the king of