at all , and rashly refused it , because they added insult to refusal ; and this we are to be told , perhaps to night , is to be pertinaciously persisted in , on the groundless pretence of some false point of honour . This would be to refer back to that fatal arrogance that in the beginning of our contest with America made our government so obstinate , and kept it so till the colonies were independent . We weakly thought that America was too humble for England to be unjust . America was indeed humble , weak in power , but strong in justice . Weak as she was , she stood against the strength of her oppressor , and Heaven aided her efforts to assert her independence . `` Non sine Diis , animosus infans . '' America then found what it was to fight in a good cause , and we found that all our means were incompetent to the maintenance of a bad one . I would bring , then , the two countries before the house , and appeal to their justice and their candour to decide between them . I mean no narrow reference to any one measure ; but I wish to afford the house an opportunity of considering the question on the largest scale , and with a view to prospective measures ; and in such a point of view , at a period like the present , every man must admit the importance of the question to be transcendant . I know the influence which all questions respecting our external relations have upon our internal interests ; I admit the importance of the subjects , which have been brought under the consideration of the house by my noble and right hon . friends ( lord H. Petty and Mr. Ponsonby ) , but still I must contend , that the question to which I propose this night to call the attention of parliament is of higher concern and paramount importance to the interests of this country . We see what is to be expected from his majesty 's 1162 ministers , and it becomes , therefore , the more incumbent upon this house to do , what it has hitherto abstained from doing , to arrest by its timely interference the ruinous career of their policy , because the right : hon . gent . over against me ( Mr. Secretary Canning ) aided by his colleagues , has closed the door against conciliation with America , so far at least as they are concerned , and there remains now no hope of an amicable adjustment of the unhappy differences between the two countries , without the authority of parliament . In arguing a question like the present , that goes to involve the consideration of the principles of the law of nations , I am sensible that I shall have great authorities in this house against me . One hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) I see in his place ; another I perceive just entering the house ; and , when I consider the talents , the learning , and attainments of those hon . and learned gentlemen ; I can not but feel the unequal terms upon which I come to argue the question ; because , whilst the opposite host appears in full strength , unhappily our force on this side of the house has been diminished . I have to lament on this occasion the want of the sanction and authority of that great and distinguished civilian , the late Dr. Laurence ; because , though his speeches may not have been enlivened with those merry conceits , that coarse humour , those fanciful witticisms and broad jests , which too often excite the mirth and keep alive the attention of popular assemblies , they were always remarkable for sound reasoning and just principles , containing the result of deep research and profound learning , and developed the enlarged views of his capacious and comprehensive mind , upon any subject to which he applied his great powers , in an instructive