mentioned , and at what other times , have you seen Mr. Dowler since his arrival in England ? I have seen him at his own hotel . When ? The first night he came home , I believe , but which was to have been a perfect secret , as I did not wish my own family , or any one , to know I saw him that night . 601 Only the first night he came home ? —And the other times I have stated . objected to these questions , as tending to no useful purpose . The house was already perfectly aware of the character of the witness , and there was no occasion for this method of elucidating it farther . was never more surprised than at this interruption . It ought to be recollected that the whole of these charges , as they affected the Duke of York , principally depended on the credit of this witness , and in some measure upon that of Dowler . This Dowler had represented that he had only paid her one visit , in the morning , since his arrival , and that for the purpose of persuading her not to bring him forward . He had endeavoured to hold himself out as an unwilling witness . If then , after what both of these witnesses had said , it could be proved that she had seen him at his own hotel , and actually passed the night with him , it would be a very material consideration , and would go strongly to impeach the credit of both . was surprised at the rebuke which the right lion . gent , had given to the hon . gent , who , from the most conscientious motives , had objected to this line of examination , which had no other effect than to exhibit the character of the witness , in a sort of light , with which the house was already acquainted . Mr. F. defended the propriety of this objection , and thought that this line of examination served no other purpose than that of bringing forward unnecessary scandal . expressed his surprize that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) should have volunteered in defending his lion , friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , upon whom he ( Mr. Croker ) had certainly made no attack . Mr. Dowler had given in evidence , that he had seen Mrs. Clarke only twice since his return from Portugal , whereas it now appeared from Mrs. Clarke 's own evidence , that they had met much oftener , and he put it to the committee , whether it could be considered as idle in him to question the witness upon a point which went not only to undermine the credibility of one , but of both . Besides , if instead only of two interviews , there had not been an hour from his arrival in this country to the time at which he appeared at the bar of the house , in which he might not have 602 been passing his time with this woman , and plotting along with her an attack upon the illustrious personage now accused , it was surely fit that the committee should be made acquainted with this circumstance . He therefore trusted , that he should not be interrupted in the train of questions which he had thought it his duty to put to the witness . admitted that the questions put by the hon . gent , bore upon the credibility of the witness ; at the same time he was not of opinion , that in whatever manner they might be answered , they would imply that sort of contradiction which was calculated to remove the impression of the evidence from the mind of the public . It had been said by a right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Long ) , that there were no minutes of the recommendation which led to Mr. Dowler 's appointment at the Treasury . Now , if it should be found that such a minute