night given evidence in which he found he had been mistaken , he had no other course but to come down and explain the mistake . However contradictory this statement had been to the former , there was no prevarication in what he stated to-night , as he had concealed nothing , but told of his offer to Mrs. C. of 1,000l . for her influence to set him a regiment . said , that if he were absolutely called upon to pronounce an opinion , it must be in favour of the motion , as the contradiction was so very strong . If gen. Clavering had , upon reading his evidence , and finding that it conveyed a false impression , come down without delay , and explained it the next day , it would have had a very different aspect ; but he had waited eight or nine days before he thought proper to make this explanation . Under all the circumstances , however , he considered that the best course would be to adjourn the discussion on the proposed resolution . said , that he had felt the case so strong , that he did not apprehend any doubt ; but as there was a doubt , he should very readily agree to postpone the discussion . said , that in case of prevarication , he thought the house should proceed immediately to the punishment of the witness . In case , however , of a witness contradicting a statement he had before made , he thought it would be much the best way to go through the whole of the case , and afterwards consider what course should be taken with the witnesses who had contradicted themselves , He thought , therefore , the hon . gent . would do best to withdraw his motion for the present , and bear the matter in his mind till that time should arrive . on this suggestion , consented to withdraw his motion . said that as soon as the names on the List were disposed of , he should take an early opportunity of bringing forward the prevarication of general Clavering.—Adjourned at three o'clock on Tuesday morning . rose and spoke as follows : —I rise , Sir , in pursuance of the notice I gave on the second day of the session , to call the attention of the house to the Campaign in Portugal ; and , in so doing , I feel all the difficulty under which I labour , in consequence of the long and arduous Inquiry , in which the house has , for sometime past , been engaged . An Inquiry which has entirely occupied all its attention , and engrossed all the public interest during the whole course of its proceeding ; and I am sure that I do not , in any degree , undervalue the delicacy and importance of that Inquiry , or wish to dissemble the solemnity of the duty imposed upon the house in every step of the investigation . Yet I do think that the circumstances to which it relates , unfortunate as they are , would be rendered infinitely more unfortunate , if they should induce this house to suspend , for any time , its attention to the external situation of the country , to prevent its inquiry into the state of our affairs abroad , and , above all , into the application and direction of that military force , on which we must rest the permanent security of that army with respect to the constitution and government-of which we are now inquiring , as the means by which we may be enabled to restore it to its purity , if it has been sullied ; and not only to restore and improve it , but to transmit it , and the spirit which animates it , unimpaired to posterity . I hope that , whatever may have passed this session , this house can not have relinquished the idea of giving its attention to the momentous and instructive transactions of the last Campaign in Portugal ; to those events , the