and thus ultimately from injuring the morals of the country . Not one-third of the illicit stills in Ireland had been seized ; and yet it was computed that by that one-third , no less than 800,000 gallons of whiskey had been made in a month . The quantity remaining on hand of the foreign spirits which had been imported into Ireland since last July sufficiently evinced the enormous supply from the private stills . Adverting to a statement made by an hon . gent . that oats could not be obtained in Cumberland from Wexford under 37s . a quarter ; he expressed his surprize at this circumstance , as he held in his hand an official return from Newry , ( directly opposite to the shores of Cumberland ) , dated Feb. 11 , in which the price of oats was stated to be 25s . and 2d . British per quarter . In other places the price was somewhat less . An hon . gent . behind him ( Mr. Fuller ) had talked of catching and taming the Irish . 1134 Part of them had been caught in the net of the Union , did they require taming ? He wished the hon . gent . would come over to Ireland , and see if the Irish were as wild and as violent as he represented them to be . On the contrary , he was satisfied that although the speech which the hon . gent . had made that night were tied about his neck , he might travel from one end of Ireland to the other in perfect security , and he was sure that he would every where meet with the greatest hospitality . He denied that the bill was any violation of the principle of the act of Union , although it might appear to be an infringement on the letter of it . stated , that to his certain knowledge conditional orders had beer , sent to this country from Ireland , to transmit thither very large quantities of grain , provided the prohibition of this distillation should not be extended to that country . represented the improbability of such a circumstance , if the hon . gent . meant that any but seed corn had been so ordered . For the price of grain being dearer in G. Britain than in Ireland , it was extravagant to suppose that it could be intended to buy in the dear market for the purpose of selling in the cheap . after stating that this was merely a temporary measure , which he trusted would lead to the culture and preservation of the article in sufficient quantity for the uses of this country , proposed that a bounty of 5s . per bushel should be allowed on the first 50,000 bushels of Foreign Flax Seed , imported into Ireland from the 8th of March to the 8th of April , 1809. moved , that in consequence of the 1135 voluntary surrender of John Annesley Shee , the order which was yesterday made , for an Address to his majesty , respecting his apprehension ; be now discharged . Agreed to . He then put the following Resolutions , which were also carried.— '' 1 . That J . A. Shee , in consequence of his gross prevarication before the East India Committee , be committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate.—2 . That the keeper of the said prison do , to-morrow , and from time to time during the term of the said Shee 's confinement , bring him before the said Committee in order to answer such questions as the Committee may think necessary to put to him . '' moved for leave to bring in a bill for the more convenient payment of the annuities and other allowances to the Widows of Naval and Marine Officers , and those on the Compassionate List . About the year 1732 a fund was established , by the government of that day , for the relief of the widows of the officers of the navy , towards which it was deemed expedient