. Tonyn to be paid to Mrs. C. and Mr. Donovan in the event of his promotion taking place . It appeared , also , that after some time , capt . Tonyn became impatient , and demanded his security back in May or June . ( Here the right hon . gent , referred to the parts of the Minutes of the Evidence of Mrs. C. and capt . Sandon relative to that part of the transaction . ) The important suppression to which he wished to call the attention of the Committee was in the evidence of capt . Sandon . But before he mentioned the circumstance , he should state to the Committee the manner in which be received the information . On Saturday se'nnight a letter had been delivered to him by col. Hamilton , from his learned friend opposite ( Mr. Adam ) , acquainting him that col. Hamilton had an important communication to make . He saw col. Hamilton a few minutes after he waited on him , and learned from him , what he collected from capt . Sandon , since his arrival in England from abroad . Col. Hamilton was an officer in the Waggon Train , to which capt . Sandon also belonged . On his arrival in England , col. Hamilton learned the stale of things with respect to the charges brought forward in that house , and , amongst others , that respecting major Tonyn 's case . Col , Hamilton then sent for capt . Sandon , who stated to him all he knew of the transaction , being all he had stated at the bar of the house afterwards , with the exception of what he had suppressed . Capt . Sandon said , that when major Tonyn became impatient , he went to state the circumstance to Mrs. C , who sent him back to major Tonyn to inform him that she had received a Note from the D. of Y. respecting his case , which Note was shewn to major Tonyn by capt . Sandon . The Note was , `` I received your Note , and Tonyn 's case shall remain as it is . '' This Note was intended to shew that the person to whom it was written had influence , and , in consequence , major Tonyn consented to let his security remain . When major Tonyn was gazetted , capt . Sandon was directed to shew him another Note , purporting to have been written by the D. of Y. , and stating , `` Tonyn will be this night gazetted . '' The former Note capt . Sandon shewed to col. Hamilton , and said , that he thought it would be the best course to destroy it . Col. Hamilton , on the contrary , strongly dissuaded him from destroying so material a part of the evidence . 731 The other Note had been given to major Tonyn by capt . Sandon , but was not afterwards given back . Col. Hamilton mentioned the matter to his learned friend , and , by his advice , went to capt . Sandon , when he obtained a copy of the Note , and again repeated his injunction to the captain not to destroy the Note . He understood that capt . Sandon , when he came to London , proposed to see Mr. Lowten , agent for h. r. h. , and also to wait on Mrs. C , in order to his being examined by each . His learned friend had sent col. Hamilton to him , and followed soon after himself . It appeared to him , as he trusted it would to the Committee , that his learned friend and himself should instruct col. Hamilton as to the course which capt . Sandon should pursue . They recommended that he should not submit to be examined either by Mr. Lowten or Mrs. C , but keep himself clear of all interference on either side , until he should come to the bar , but above all things not to destroy the paper . These were the