an additional reason why she should not answer , for the 543 consideration of the committee ; and that reason was , that the individual , if named , would be subject to great inconvenience and suffering . It did not necessarily follow that the witness was blamable for submitting that reason before she answered . would be sorry if an impression prevailed any where that he had interfered too soon ; and if there were any gentlemen , who did not perceive , in the last half hour , in the witness 's conduct , an attempt to evade , to trifle and shuffle , ( a loud cry of No , No , No ! from several members ) He meant to state that no other witness in any other cause than this could , upon displaying such improper behaviour as this witness had done within the last half hour , escape being committed . ( No , No , No ! ) The hon . gentlemen did not agree with him in that ; but it was certainly his opinion . He did not , however , impute blame in any quarter for suffering the witness to proceed in this sort of behaviour thus long ; but at the same time , in support of the dignity of the committee , it was necessary to assert the respect due to it , after long and manifest abuse of indulgence . said , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was wrong in talking of inflicting punishment on the witness . This mode of treating evidence , was a violation of the liberty of the subject . This was a point , which ought to be always kept in view , and he would pay no attention to what was said from the government side of the house . insisted upon the importance of having an answer to the question . She had stated that the party would suffer the loss of the money that was pledged—it was for the reason which she urged as an objection , that he wished the question to be answered , because it afforded a hope of getting to the bottom of the transaction . declared his opinion , that the Committee had nothing to do with the letters of col. M'Mahon . There was nothing before them to shew that such documents referred to the immediate object of the investigation , and therefore he considered it as an intrusion upon the very serious concerns of the country , to have the time of a Committee of the House of Commons taken up upon irrelevant subjects . When the witness on the last night was at the bar , she promised to produce letters of mine , which she said would exhibit me in my proper colours . At that time , as at present , the bearings of my own mind were , that to whatever topic these letters referred , however unconnected with the object which the Committee were investigating , or however unexplained the circumstances under which they were written , still it was my decided wish that they should be produced . That opinion I now maintain , and therefore , with every deference for the sentiments of the hon . gent , must express my anxiety that the Committee should receive them ; although unable to recollect at this moment their particular import , I am still satisfied that they can not , in any sense , appertain to the object of the present inquiry . objected to the question , as contrary to every principle of evidence he had ever heard recognized by any tribunal . conceived , that as Birkett was dead , the present witness was the best possible testimony that could be produced to that particular fact . admitted the latitude of the House of Commons in its inquisitorial character , to a certain extent , but at the same time considered the question proposed by the hon . gent , as repugnant to all laws of evidence . As the Attorney General has thought proper , after the line and course of examination