owing to the councils of ministers , all that he and others had done was in vain ; and that we had no hopes of maintaining ourselves in Portugal , except it was the good pleasure of Buonaparté to leave it in our possession ; for he presumed the noble lord would not venture to state that Buonaparté might not , if he pleased , be now in as complete possession of Portugal as he was twelve months ago . After all the promises of the noble lord , and the mighty hopes that were held out , the little prima facie case that remained was this , that the almost unparalleled bravery of our troops had not been able to save the country from disgrace ( loud cries of no ! no ! and hear ! hear ! from the ministerial benches ) . He could not be understood to mean that any slur attached to the army or its officers . But this cheer was truly kind now ; for never had he heard any speech from a secretary of state so little cheered as those which the noble lord had delivered on the present and on a former occasion ( a laugh and cries of hear ! hear ! ) . Our failures were not owing to the army , but to the military councils which his majesty , unfortunately for the country , had chosen . And while he paid the truest tribute of applause to the bravery and skill of the former , he could not look at the imbecility of the latter without indignation and contempt . If he were merely to state the case , it would bear him out in what he said . After all the boasting of the noble lord and his colleagues ; after all the hardships to which our army had been exposed , the only triumph was , that we had got most of our troops back again ! The noble lord , it must be confessed , was a man of a most singular disposition , for he was pleasant on this occasion ; and what served to make others sad , made him merry ( hear ! hear ! ) . The noble lord had talked of his right hon . friend 's prudence in bringing forward this motion while he had his troops together . He sincerely wished the noble lord had followed that policy with regard to Spain , and brought the troops thereto act in a body at a period when their exertions would have been 1086 availing.—The noble lord had said , that it was degrading to the house to go into a committee to enquire into this subject . Was it degrading to do that which almost every man in the country must feel to be the duty of the house-of commons ? —But then the noble lord said , `` Why do n't you wait for the Papers ? '' The reason was obvious , the motion was not a censure upon the government ; what was called for was a Committee of Inquiry , and there the noble lord would have an opportunity of producing all the documents which he might think material for his own justification . To move for documents from day to day , as the noble lord proposed , could furnish no accurate information either to the house or the public ; for after one set had been produced , another set might appear necessary , and so the matter might be protracted to the end of the session . What he wanted was viva voce evidence ; he wanted to examine officers who had served under the gallant Moore , to learn what were his sentiments on the subject ; he wanted to know how the troops had been equipped ; what was the nature of the commissariat ; and whether it was not so grossly ignorant of the method of supply that the army was starving in the midst of plenty ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The noble lord then came to details , and nothing , he said