reply to me , that he will not fare better in the news-papers . It had been asserted that the arguments of the right hon . gent . in his official papers , would convince the people of America , of the amicable disposition of the British government . The reverse , however , was the case , for the effect which had been produced by his letter on its arrival in America , was , to alienate all those , who had previously felt amicably towards this country , and to insure the election of a President , whose views are supposed not to be favourable to the interests of this country . Indeed , Sir , I must declare , however mortifying it may be to the right hon . gent . that , with every deference to his talents and acquirements , I must still , in estimating the abilities of statesmen by their political communications , express my preference for the solid and able reasoning contained in the official notes of Mr. Maddison , the American minister . I have only to refer to the right hon . secretary 's letter of the 23rd of September , to prove by an extract that the strain of irony is not best suited to the ends of political deliberation . The words are , — '' That in this attempt almost all the powers of the European continent have been compelled more or less to cooperate ; and that the American Embargo , though most assuredly not intended to that end , ( for America can have no real interest in the subversion of the British power , and her rulers are too enlightened to act from any impulse against the real interests of their country ) , but by some unfortunate concurrence of circumstances , without any hostile intention , the American Embargo did come in aid of the blockade of the European continent , precisely at the very moment , when , if that blockade could have succeeded at all , this interposition of the American government would have most effectually contributed to its success . '' In this extract there is a sarcasm conveyed not becoming a statesman even were it just . This tone is not to be tolerated even to individuals , much less to a great and independent nation . But I will beg the gentlemen opposite to state , what benefits they propose to obtain from continuing in this system of retaliation ? It is an extraordinary way to retaliate upon an enemy by trampling upon a neutral . What hopes do they now hold out to our manufactures , 1177 to Ireland , to our colonies ? Do they execute their Orders in Council ? Are they playing fair with the country ? Are they not following a trade they dare not own ? Are they not at this moment carrying on by means of licenses a trade with Holland and France in those articles , at the exportation of which the French government connives , and is it not by such a species of smuggling that they are enabled to support appearances and keep themselves afloat ? —There has been a report that some conciliatory measures are in progress between this country and America , and I have on that account been asked by several members whether I intended to bring forward this motion ? If it be so , then , I would willingly make a bonfire of rejoicing of my papers , and say , `` proceed—conciliate America—let her , at all events , be your friend—and for that important object make every concession that may become a great nation . '' But I have seen nothing that can warrant , such a conclusion . In spite of all the predictions to the contrary the Embargo has been continued . There have been some who have derived hopes from the commotions which have taken place in America ; the question is , however , whether these commotions express the sense of the American people ? But suppose there could be any just ground of hope of a