the hon . gent . to this hour , ignorant of the fact , that it was the capture of this city ( a design conceived in wisdom , and executed by British soldiers and seamen , under the most patient endurance of many privations ) , that rescued Egypt from the grasp of French domination ! —The combined British force , with the exception of the Indian army , which was still at a considerable distance , now assembled before Alexandria , in effective number about 15,000 : the enemy had about 10,400 , including 1,900 seamen ; his efficient strength , for every purpose of defence , is undervalued , when stated at 9,000 ; his position was protected by nearly 400 pieces of artillery ; he had provisions for some weeks ( not for two or three days as has been erroneously stated ) ; his entrenched camps and forts , though not by any means regular fortifications , were excessively strong . He did not , however , lay much stress on this part of the argument , for he admitted that a short time , without any untoward accident , must have decided the fate of the city ; but the reasons for dispatch were much more urgent 964 now than ever . Accounts had been received from England , not only that negociations were pending , but that Egypt was likely to be the great difficulty in the way of peace ; perhaps the cause of a new war should peace be accomplished , leaving the French masters of that country . So convinced was the British general of the necessity of dispatch at this critical moment , that on general Menou sending out his flag of truce , he forwarded a messenger to Constantinople , requesting that lord Elgin would communicate , without delay , to the ministers in England , this circumstance . The possession of Egypt was known to be considered by the First Consul of France , as a conquest of inestimable value ; he had connected with it much of the fame of his military life ; he had considered and proclaimed Egypt , as likely to become a compensation to France , for the loss of her colonies ; that in her hands it would create a great commercial revolution , and he had lately declared , to the Minister of Russia , that no consideration would induce him to relinquish that country . Positive intelligence had been received from various quarters , from the coast of Spain and Italy , from England , Germany , and France , that powerful armaments were preparing to relieve Egypt , reinforcements under admiral Gantheaume had actually anchored on the coast ; besides , it was possible , that the First Consul might attempt , by treaty with the Porte , to retain possession of Egypt . In this state of things , the British general did wisely resolve , not to delay one hour the completion of this conquest . He had considered general Menou and his garrison entitled to all the honours of war , and he was not to be shaken in the resolution which he had early formed , of not unnecessarily exposing the brave troops he had the good fortune to command . However , in the opinion of the multitude , he might have added to his military reputation , by a different mode of proceeding ; at fame so acquired , he spurned , and he would have considered the rusty sword and the private property ( at all times very inconsiderable in Egypt ) of the French officer , dearly purchased at the expence of the life of the youngest drum-boy in his army.—The importance of expelling the French had been repeatedly stated by ministers in the strongest manner ; and the Commander in chief , in direct positive terms , had been authorized by them to accomplish this in any way ; in the field ; by negotiation ; 965 in short , per fas et nefas . Such were the causes and inducements which influenced him to terminate , on the