, that every body had heard with joy the brilliant victories of our army , and the delivery of Portugal from the oppression and tyranny of France . If the right hon . gent . himself did not feel joy on those topics mentioned in the Speech , he could not conceive upon what grounds he had concurred in the Address . If , upon the receipt of the news of the deliverance of Portugal , ministers had not thought it proper to announce the intelligence by the usual demonstrations of joy , their silence would have been considered unfair with respect to the generals who negociated the Armistice and Convention . It would have appeared as if the whole weight of ministers and of his majesty 's government was against them . It was not at all extraordinary , that his majesty 's opinion on a question submitted to a military tribunal , should not be expressed in his Speech from the throne ; but if the right hon . gent . chose to seek information in another manner , it would not be difficult to obtain it . As to the Answer which had been given to the Address of the city of London , he believed the right hon . gent . would find it very hard indeed to persuade the city of London that his majesty 's ministers were actuated by any other view in the advice 63 they gave his majesty on that subject , than the sense which they felt of their public duty ; and much less that they could have any wish to use language to the city of London which could be conceived harsh or irritating . They did , however , think , that the business had begun to take a complexion of party , and that the city of London had been surprized into that Address , which appeared to take for granted , that there must have been guilt some where , and to demand the punishment of the authors . The Answer was in plain but not disrespectful language ; and in using such language , his majesty conceived that he was taking the best means of securing the confidence of that city , which had given him so many proofs of its affection . — As to the intention which the right hon . gent . had intimated of bringing forward for separate discussion all the topics upon which he had touched , nothing could be more gratifying to his feelings , than that those subjects should have the fullest discussion in parliament . This was necessary , not only for the justification of ministers , but that the country should feel the confidence which it was necessary that they should have , in the present critical situation of affairs . He therefore congratulated the country that parliament was now met , and that those subjects which were so interesting to the feelings of the nation , and to its honour , would soon be fully and fairly discussed . said it was not his intention to go into a general view of the subject which was before the house , upon the Speech from the throne , nor into all the topics that had been brought forward by the noble lord who had just preceded him , a great part of whose speech had been taken up in planning imaginary campaigns , in order to shew how ridiculous they would be . But there were some points to which he could not help adverting ; and , first , as to the Convention of Portugal . He wished the house to be quite sure it understood what it was called upon to do in voting this Address ; because , from the speech of the noble lord , it appeared , that we were congratulating the throne for that Convention ; and as far as it embraced the consideration of the valour and the skill of the gallant officer who commanded and the steadiness and courage of the men who fought at the battle of Vimiera , the house had indeed good reason and ample