examination was necessary . The committee would sec the great inconvenience that might result from it , according to the observation of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Fuller ) , which was not heard with as much attention as the justice of it merited . This course of examination appeared to him not as questions applying to the witness , but to those who had been present at her house on the occasion . Again he would recommend to the hon . gent . to consider whether his course of examination was such as ought to be pursued . said , he would pursue the course of examination he had begun , as he could not conceive it improper to ask the names of persons exhibited at Mrs. Clarke 's before a music master and his two boys . then rose to state , that he had since seen Mr. Peirson , who said , that since he had given his testimony at the bar , he recollected perfectly that he had changed a large note , by the direction of the Duke of York and Mrs. Clarke . The note had been given him at night , and was not changed till the next morning . Upon his ( Colonel Wardle 's ) asking him how it happened that he did not recollect that , when he was examined at the bar of the house , he answered , that he was subject to dreadful head-aches , and had one at the time he was examined . He did not then remember the wine-merchants in Bond- 459 street : but he now recollected it , and was very ready to be examined again at the bar , it '' the committee should think proper . Have you any objection to deliver in the Letter you have received ? I have received one before ; I will perhaps in a few days , but not to-night ; I have hardly read it over.— [ The Chairman informed the Witness , that it was the pleasure of the Committee that she should produce the Letter she had just received . ] submitted to the house the necessity of taking immediate measures for securing Mr. Williams . was for the most prompt step possible . The doors of the house were instantly ordered to be secured , and , on the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the Chairman having been previously instructed to report progress , and to ask leave to sit again that afternoon , the house was resumed . moved , `` That the Serjeant at Arms have orders to Make into custody ^William Williams where- 462 ever he could be found . '' Agreed to nem . con . The Serjeant was then ordered by the Speaker to do his duty . The Chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again that afternoon . wished that Mrs. Clarke might be called in to say from whose hands she received the letter . and several other members addressed the house , but the prodigious tumult prevented us from collecting the tenor of their observations . moved , that the house should remain in its present state until the return of the Serjeant at Arms.—Ordered . stated , that it would have been competent for the committee , in support of their own proceedings , to order the Serjeant at Arms to take into custody ' any person without delay . The first duty of the chairman would then have been to report progress , and , when the person was actually in custody , to move that he be committed . The Serjeant at Arms then appeared at the bar , and informed the Speaker that Mr. Williams was in custody . The Committee being resumed , then rose in his place to make a statement of what he had heard respecting this last witness . Mr. Jones , the messenger , pointed him out in the lobby , as he was assisting in seizing him . When he was brought into the Vole Office , the account he there learned of him