object of national safety . It has been prolonged , only because no secure and honourable means of terminating it have hitherto been afforded by his enemies '' . This , Mr. Whitbread contended , was altogether false . The war had not been entered into for the immediate object of national safety . ( Hear ! hear ! from ministers ) . He repealed it ; that was not the cause of the war . He should now ask some of the right hon . gentlemen opposite , who had been parties to the making the Treaty of Amiens , and afterwards to the breaking that Treaty , whether the present war did not begin with a falsehood , which was put into the mouth of his majesty , in the celebrated royal Message of the 8th of March , 1803 , which called upon this country to arm in consequence of great armaments in the ports of France and Holland . He should ask those gentlemen , was not that statement a falsehood ? [ No , no , from some members . ] He thought it had been universally admitted now that that statement was untrue . Was it not well known that it was for Malta we went to war ? [ No , ho , from some members . ] At least , it was generally allowed , that if France had given up the point about Malta , there would have been no ' war . He disapproved , above all things , of false statements being inserted in state-papers ; and he felt firmly convinced that if the overtures made to us in 1800 , 1805 , 1806 , and 1808 , had been met by a 227 sincere desire for peace in this country , a secure peace might have been made and maintained . It appeared to him strange , that Spain should have been mentioned by us so pointedly to the enemy , and that Portugal and Sicily should not have been mentioned at all , and yet before the English landed in Portugal , the Portuguese had rescued a considerable part of their country from the enemy ; and before the Prince Regent left Portugal the expressly renewed all the treaties with England , and appointed a Regency . It would appear , that the Regency of Portugal acting in his name was as necessary a party to this negotiation as Spain herself . He would allow , indeed , that it would be wasting too much time , to delay a negotiation until we could consult our Ally the King of Sweden . That Ally lived at too great a distance ; and his alliance , for which we paid him 100,000l . per month , was of so little service to our cause , that many wished he would make his peace with his enemies—As to Spain , he had already declared his opinion , that the engagements which his majesty had entered into with the people of that country , were such that their interests could not have been abandoned , nor was then ; a single Spaniard who would at that time have consented to any peace which had not secured the independence and integrity of Spain , and restored them their beloved king Ferdinand . The Spaniards were then animated by the glorious principle of resistance to any invader or usurper , be he who he might . They were not , however , insensible of the amelioration that was necessary in their country , or of the mischiefs which had been done by their former bad government . This was a subject which had been taken notice of in all the proclamations of the different Juntas . In his opinion , the mode in which the negotiation ought to have been managed on the part of this country was , that the independence of Spain should have been made the first condition of a peace , but that it should not have been insisted on as a preliminary . Buonapartédid not propose the abandonment of Spain as a preliminary ; it was the