other armies of Buonaparté , whatever views of aggrandisement they might be the means of promoting , here at least was an army cut off from all possibility of relief , an army that must be forced to pay the tribute due to British valour , and submit by British exertions to confusion and defeat.—The expectation was justifiable , not only with a view to the honour to be acquired , not only as it respected the triumph that would be obtained by British arms , but as it would ultimately have saved Spain from the pressure of such an army , if by our means it should have been removed . This expedition , however , required several important and necessary considerations to be attended to most particularly . It required , that the most positive and clear instructions , with regard to its nature , should be given to the officer who was to have the conduct of it—The expedition being intended to act in different situations , according to the different circumstances in which it found the country that was to be the scene of its operations , it was , above all things , necessary that it should be properly equipped for the service ; that the commander , to whom the discretion of conducting such an expedition was entrusted , should at least have had the opportunity afforded him of choosing his own ground ; that after such discretion was confided to him , he should at least be continued in his command . This every man who looked at the object and character of the expedition must admit was essentially necessary to insure its success . But it seems that the shores of Portugal were not the first object of the expedition . It fluctuated between the northern and southern coasts of Spain ; and I shall shew to the house that the suggestion of carrying the expedition to Portugal , far from having been founded upon any previous original determination , was taken up in 48 hours , upon the suggestion of the Spanish Deputies . I shall state what appears upon the Papers in my hand . 903 If you will refer to the letters to admiral Purvis , and sir Arthur Wellesley , you will find what was the original destination of the expedition.—The convoy which sailed with the expedition was applied for on the 14th of June . But I beg the attention of gentlemen particularly to the Letter of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) to sir A. Wellesley , dated 21st of June , both because it is evident from that Letter , that the destination of this army could be no other than Spain , and because it contains the exposition of the noble lord , the principles of Which I wish had been attended to , but which unfortunately seem to have been departed from . He says , `` it is better to '' bring the whole force together , than to `` trust to a junction on the coast of Spain ; '' but from that moment every thing was trusted to a junction on the coast of Spain . After the principle had been laid down , that the whole force should be brought together , sir A. Wellesley 's expedition sailed separately , and the cavalry belonging to it sailed separately ; gen. Moore 's expedition sailed separately ; gen. Acland 's expedition sailed separately , the whole of the Ordnance sailed separately , and the junction of all these forces and equipments was left to be effected on the coast of Spain . Look , then , to what was the direction of this expedition afterwards . You will find three letters addressed , one to admiral Purvis , one to gen. Dalrymple , and one to gen. Spencer . The letter to admiral Purvis states , that sir A. Wellesley is about to sail to the north coast of Spain ; and , as it was of importance that he should be- provided with intelligence , which government had not to give him , admiral Purvis is directed to write