was proposed for the protection of the honest bankrupt , something was not done to protect the creditor against the dishonest bankrupt , and to prevent the frequency of fraudulent bankruptcies ? To this he could only answer , that at present he had no remedy to propose but one , which he rather thought the house would not adopt . The only remedy he could conceive was , to render the law more efficacious , by making it less severe . The cause of the frequency of fraudulent bankruptcies he believed was , that the fraudulent bankrupt was , upon proof of the fact , liable to lose his life . He had already stated that there had been upwards of l6,000 commissions taken out in 20 years ; and though instances were every year occurring of bankrupts withholding their property , there had been , in the space of 80 years , only three prosecutions , and only one executed —he believed about the year 1759 . Another had been convicted , from a mistake as to the facts of the case ; but these being represented in their proper light to his majesty , he had extended his mercy to the bankrupt in question . There never perhaps existed a stronger instance of the inefficacy of laws owing to their severity . Was it surprising that few persons were found to prosecute when for an offence of this nature the punishment was death ? Under such circumstances bankrupts were under the strongest temptations to with-hold their property . This was bad ; but at the same time in point of moral guilt , was it worse than the case of a man who in a higher station with-held his property from his creditors , and spent it in personal gratifications ? If the law had been less severe , it would have been more enforced , and the end would have been attained in a much greater degree.—The objects which he had in view would make a very material alteration in the bankrupt laws . The best method of proceeding , he imagined would be to bring in the bill , to have it read a first time , and to get it printed , and then to put off the second 1147 reading to a distant day . But he hoped that no one would require that the postponement should be beyond a month . He should be very sorry if the bill did not pass with every possible speed . Every day 's delay was the cause of imprisonment and misery to a great number of individuals . If such a bill had been passed at the beginning of the present reign , what misery might it not have prevented ? What an increase of industry might it not have produced ? What wealth might it not have raised ? How many persons who had passed their lives in poverty and distress might have been in a respectable situation ? How many might have recovered their rank in life , and paid all the just demands upon them ? There were some other objects of minor importance which he had in view , such as to prevent the vexatious consequences that often arose from secret acts of bankruptcy . He meant also to provide that bankrupts might be Competent witnesses without releasing the sums to which they might be entitled in case their property came to a certain amount . He also intended to propose an alteration in legal executions in cases of bankruptcy . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the laws relating to bankrupts.—The motion was agreed to . proposed that the chairman should move the house for leave to bring in a Bill for establishing a new Police for Plymouth Dock , for the purpose of preventing depredations upon the King 's Stores . The learned gent . observed , that the king 's shipping lying in the river Tamar , which divided the counties of Devon and Cornwall , facilities of escape to offenders were by that circumstance afforded , against which