anxiety to Saturday 's gazette , and was disappointed to find they did not appear in it . observed , that the hon . member had anticipated what he intended to mention before he sat down . The purpose for which he chiefly rose was to ascertain from an hon . member , on the opposite bench , the nature of the motion respecting Spain of which he had given notice for Monday se'nnight . The period of discussion being so remote , it was very desirable for both sides of the house to be put in possession of all the preliminary information that was necessary . They would be the more competent to come to a fair decision , by possessing those instructions on which the campaign was carried on . On the part of government , there would be no objection to granting copies of these . The only restriction they wished to make related to pending instructions ; and copies of these he hoped to be able to lay before the house while the other papers were preparing . Ministers were as anxious as the hon . member for the discussion ; and as it would much forward the busi- 209 ness , if the necessary information were obtained , he trusted that the hon . member would frame a motion with a view to that object . He would be happy to communicate in private with him on the subject , and to facilitate his object by every means in his power.—Wiih respect to the question put to him on the subject of sir J. Moore 's dispatches , he regretted that it was not possible for him to gratify the hon . number 's curiosity . Those dispatches he considered as private and confidential . They were marked so on the back of the letter ; they were so declared to be in the body of the dispatch . It was distinctly left to the discretion of ministers to publish such parts of them as they pleased , or to withhold them altogether . It certainly was the wish both of himself and his colleagues to gratify the public and the friends of that gallant officer with extracts from the dispatches , but they found it so difficult to select such parts as it would be prudent and proper to publish , that they were under the necessity of wholly relinquishing the design . After the letter relating to the last event in Spain , there was nothing in sir J. Moore 's dispatch necessary to be made public in the gazette . Upon mature consideration , he was convinced that it could not , with any propriety , be brought forward as an insulated production . He wished , however , to gratify the friends of that gallant officer as far as possible . Their object , he presumed , would be obtained if the dispatch should become public in any way . He had no objection that it should be produced as part of the correspondence necessary for the discussion of the conduct of the war in Spain , though he must still adhere to his objection of publishing it in the gazette . had no objection to state the general purport of his motion . It would be for a general inquiry into the conduct of the government with respect to Spain , and the manner in which the compaign had been conducted in Spain . If the noble lord conceived there were any papers that might render further inquiry necessary , it was within his discretion to move for their production . said , after what fell from an hon . general on a former evening , and what was known to be the wish of the friends of sir J. Moore , he had been induced to entertain hopes that certain parts of his dispatches would be published . At the same time , his agreed with the noble 210 lord , that it might be improper they should appear in the gazette . He was happy , however , to hear from him that there would be no objection