our present obligations in the light of a solemn treaty : for what is the nature of such an engagement ? It is entered into in a moment of hurry and precipitation ; it has not been , laid before us , and therefore , is , as yet , un- 51 authorised by Parliament ; and , consequntly , you may approve or disapprove , you may grant or refuse the supplies for carrying it into effect . Upon the whole , therefore , I know not how an engagement of this sort is to be considered as equally binding as the most solemn treaty . But we now understand , that a formal treaty has been negociated , which it is intended to lay before the house , and until that be done I can not decide upon its merits or propriety . I dare say the house would naturally be inclined to receive , with the fondest partiality , every thing apparently tending to the advantage of the Spanish cause : but , sir , the state of our warfare , under such circumstances as I have already stated , and as his Majesty 's ministers have conducted it , is truly extraordinary . If the Spaniards preferred that mode of warfare , which was of a desultory nature , instead of a continued warfare , then the British army could not have been of the least use in Spain ; for a British army there must necessarily have pursued a plan wholly different from that of the Spaniards . I know not which system of warfare was proper to be adopted ; but I say the two systems are completely incompatible . The Spaniards , in their own country , and pursuing a desultory mode of attack , have the power of dispersing and rallying again , as occasion might require ; but this is not the case with a regular army . If you combine the two modes you must necessarily destroy the energies and efficacy of one of them . We have already seen this exemplified in the Spaniards . We have seen their regular army defeated , and almost destroyed by the enemy ; while in another quarter we have found their irregular force very successful ; which shews that the two modes of fighting are perfectly inconsistent.—Now , sir , let us see what has been the vigour of ministers upon this occasion . By vigour , I presume , is meant a prompt energetic use and application of the public force . Will you tell us of one instance of such , promptitude and energy ? I presume you can not say it was displayed in Portugal ; nor in Spain by sir John Moore 's coming into the field after the Spanish army had been defeated It was not then useful , because it was unable to keep the field by itself . It . is an extraordinary circumstance , that the Convention of Portugal is made to rest in a great degree upon the speedy applicability of the British army in Spain , and yet the . general of that army , sir Hew Dalrymple , tells you there was no preparation 52 made for its reception in that country for some considerable time after the Convention was concluded . Can it then be said , that the object of the Convention was carried into effect , or that any time was gained by it ? If such measures deserve the name of being energetic , or useful , I am at a loss to know what sort of measures would be deemed the contrary.— As to that part of the speech which relates to Sweden , I have only to observe , that this country is placed in such a situation that I do not see how we can refuse to give the stipulated supply ; but I can not help lamenting , that there is not the smallest probability of any good arising from Sweden continuing to persevere . We are told that the king of Sweden deserves our support the more , because he refused the