with the greatest anxiety until the Committee appointed by the House of Commons to enquire into my Conduct as Commander in Chief of His Majesty 's Army had closed its examinations , and I now hope that it will not be 1033 deemed improper to address this Letter , through you , to the House of Commons . `` I observe with the deepest concern , that in the course of this Enquiry my name has been coupled with transactions the most criminal and disgraceful ; and I must ever regret and lament that a connection should ever have existed which has thus exposed my character and honour to public animadversion . `` With respect to any alledged offences connected with the discharge of my official duties , I do in the most solemn manner , upon my honour , as a Prince , distinctly assert my innocence , not only by denying all corrupt participation in any of the infamous transactions which have appeared in evidence at the Bar of the House of Commons , or any connivance at their existence , but also the slightest knowledge or suspicion that they existed at all . `` My consciousness of innocence leads me confidently to hope that the House of Commons will not , upon such evidence as they have heard , adopt any proceeding prejudicial to my honour and character ; but if , upon such testimony as has been adduced against me , the House of Commons can think my innocence questionable , I claim of their justice that I shall not be condemned without trial , or be deprived of the benefit and protection which is afforded to every British subject by those sanctions under which alone evidence is received in the ordinary administration of the Law . then said , that though it was usual on such occasions to order the Letter to lie on the table for the perusal of the members , yet as gentlemen on each side of him were anxious for the perusal ; and as it was desirable to give the individual members of the house , as speedily as possible , possession of the contents of the 1034 Letter , he suggested the idea of taking the Letter from the table now , in order to have it entered without loss of time upon the Votes and Journals . said , that , as this appeared to him to be an extraordinary proceeding , he must appeal to the knowledge and recollection of the Speaker , as to former precedents , in order to direct the house in what was proper to be done . said , that the constant usage of the house , to the best of his recollection , had been , that all letters received by the Speaker , and which he should deem proper to be communicated to the house , in the first instance were laid on the table , in order afterwards , at a convenient opportunity , to be copied into the Votes and Journals . In all ordinary cases this had been done . Letters had been received by the Speaker , even on an occasion not remote , upon the subject of charges pending before the house ; and this was the uniform custom , even without putting any question . But , where a letter on a subject of so much more than ordinary importance was addressed to him for communication to the house , and when gentlemen to his right and left were anxious to peruse it , he felt it . his duty to suggest the propriety of immediately ordering it , in the first instance , to be copied on the Votes and Journals , that no delay might occur in placing it in the possession of every member of the house . rose to move for a renewal of the Committee which had sat last session on the East India Company 's Affairs . The house Would recollect that last session a Petition had been presented from the East India Company , praying for a settlement of Accounts with the public , and also for