right hon . gent , who made the admission of the Spanish nation as parties , a preliminary to all negociation . It was not till after his first communication had been answered in an insulting tone , that the French emperor used insulting expressions . He thought it was always wrong to use insulting language towards Buona- 228 partéfor , after all , if ever we wished for peace , it was probably with this man that we must make it , and the price of peace would be at least for us to use something like decorous language to a power , which was perhaps the greatest that ever did exist on the face of the world . As to pledging ourselves to any point as a sine qua non he could not avoid remembering how many of those sine qua nons the British government had been obliged to abandon since the first commencement of the war . He could not conceive that peace was so dangerous as some gentlemen supposed . Buonaparté had got almost the whole of Europe by war , and he did not see how he could have done more , or so much , in peace . The right hon . gent , in the Declaration of his majesty , stated the situation of the different powers in Europe , but appeared to forget how very small a part of Europe this country had any influence over . The right hon . gent , had done him the honour to allude more than once to those sentiments of his which he had thought proper to send forth to the public on this subject . What he then said , he still thought—he still was of opinion that that period was favourable to a negociation ; that at a period when Buonapartéhopes in Spain were so low ; when Austria was vacillating , he did think that it was more probable that at that moment Buonapartémight , by such pressing contingencies , be tempted to admit a negociation , the preliminary of which was , the integrity of the Spanish dominions , than that he would listen to such a proposal now . He thought also , that another good opportunity occurred at the time of the flight of Buonaparté brother from Spain . But even in the late overture , he contended , that as Buonaparté did not require of us to abandon Spain , we ought not to have called upon him , by way of preliminary , to abandon his designs upon it . It was indiscreet , too , to taunt him in the letter to Romanzoff with those designs , and it was wrong and unjust to throw upon him personally , for at least the last ten years , the odium of continuing the war ; nor was it less unjust to conclude that letter with desiring him to do what we had already refused to do . Much had been said upon the declaration made by Buonaparté on the 25th of October to the French senate , when he professed his intention of setting out to crown his brother at Madrid . But we know not how certain circumstances relative to the reception of that proposition , 229 made by him , might have , been conveyed to him , and how such a communication might have influenced him . As to the supposition made by the right hon . secretary , of Joseph , a King neither de jure nor de facto sending his Envoys to plead , together with those of Ferdinand , their respective claims to the Crown of Spain , lie thought it so ridiculous , ( notwithstanding the high unknown authority who might have suggested it ) , that it scarcely needed a serious observation . He thought that the Note of the Emperor of Russia did not at all go to pledge him to secure Spain to France , lie merely says , that he has acknowledged Joseph King of Spain ; and in an after part it is said , that this difference need not preclude negotiation . With respect