and as lord Ellenborough had so lately argued the case most seriously , the house ought well to consider whether this was really law or not . He should be sorry to take up the time of the Committee , by going deeply into the reason of this case , but he had really heard nothing 854 to convince him in what had been advanced that night on the subject . If the house were to judge by what had fallen from the hon . gent . below him ( Mr. W. Smith ) , a comparison of hands was unquestionably better than seeing a person write ; that argument , it seemed to him , went too far , for it proved the comparison to be the best , which was a doctrine long since exploded . The right hon . gent . on the floor ( Mr. Bathurst ) had said , that the house had examined four gentlemen , but had not put the proper questions to them . Then why not put these questions to them ? They were still to be called before the house , and it was much better to put these questions to them in such a manner as the right hon . gent . should point out as a proper one , than to admit evidence so very alarming as this appeared to him to be . He begged the Committee to recollect that the evidence to be produced was to decide the point by a comparison of hands ; that this was deemed contrary to the established law of the land ; and is it , said he the evidence of those persons which shall be allowed to determine this positively to be the hand-writing of the D. of Y. ? He thought it ought not , and should therefore object to the witness being called to the bar . said his hon . and learned friend who had just sat down , could not more highly respect the judicial opinion of lord Ellenborough than he himself did ; but when he considered that in the case alluded to he went to Maidstone as counsel for the defendant , all the law he had then held on the subject was merely that of an advocate , doing the most he could for the cause of his client , but was by no means to be considered in the light of a judicial opinion . He could not allow the reason given by his hon . and learned friend for baron Hotham 's over-ruling the decision of the court , because it was the universal opinion of the bar that that decision was contrary to law . In the case of Revett and Braham , the point was , whether the hand-writing was feigned or real ; and this was to be determined by persons from public offices , who acted as inspectors . In the trial before baron Hotham , the inspectors from the Post-office were asked whether the hand-writing of the defendant Cator was a feigned hand : so far it agreed with the case of Revett and Braham ; but it went further , and having proved the opinion that the hand-writing was feigned , they proceeded to ask , whe- 855 ther it had been feigned by the person who wrote the libel , and this was to be done by shewing the defendant 's writing , and then comparing it with the libel ; this was refused ; but so far as whether the hand was a feigned hand , baron Hotham , in the case of Jackson and Cator , supported the doctrine in Revett and Braham . The question , however , then was , whether , as the Committee has hitherto proceeded , these witnesses should be allowed to be called , and whether the Committee should receive any further assistance towards proving the hand-writing . The Committee had already exceeded the strict rules of legal justice , and were then only asked to admit the evidence of persons who had been accustomed to examine , and to say whether certain hand-writing ,