it is the want of pride ; for if you bad a just pride , you would know how to pause in your own greatness , and not descend to trifle in a rivalry that would betray rather the craving of monopoly than the spirit of emulation . Let England be to America what she ought to be , and America will be to England all that we could wish her . Be warned by the infatuation that once lost you America , and let not the same infatuation drive her now into the arms of France . said , that in rising at that late hour in the morning it was not his intention to trespass long upon the patience of the house ; but he must beg leave to observe , that most of what had been urged upon the subject before the house , led to no practical conclusion ; led to no recommendation of measures which it might be thought safe and politic to adopt . Almost all he had heard was lost in vagueness of conjecture or splendour of declamation . The question really was between England and France ; not between England and America ; and , if the question involved matters of a delicate nature , which were not inconsiderately , or prematurely , to be exposed , the fault was with those who called for the Papers , and provoked the discussion ; not with those , who , while they deemed it their duty to shrink from no inquiry into their conduct , still felt the impropriety of being forced into explanations , which it were more prudent to postpone . He most certainly should have opposed the production of those Papers , had they not already appeared in print in . another country , because he was sensible that the discussion of them was premature , and that they were not in a shape for fit and seasonable discussion . The blame , as he had already observed , must rest with 1203 those who recommended , and would enforce a parliamentary consideration of an incomplete and undecided question . An hon . gent . who had condemned the course pursued by his majesty 's ministers had argued , that there was no necessity to take a retrospective view of the subject , and that the case was clearly laid open . He thought it impossible , on the contrary , fairly to consider the question , without seeing in what state it was when his majesty 's ministers came into power . The hon . gent . seemed to consider himself as some great planet surrounded by satellites , to which he gave motion ; if so , he fancied he was not within his power of attraction.—When the hon . gent . brought forward a motion , he certainly should not have pointed out the course others were to pursue ; and , for his own part , he was free to own , that he particularly would not wish to be guided by him . The question before the house , however , resolved itself into three prominent points ; the justice of the cause ; its policy and expediency ; and its management.—It was a statement between belligerent France and belligerent England , in which unfortunately America was involved , owing to our avowing a right of retaliation upon our enemy . The right of retaliation , or self-defence , was that which gave the means of resisting an attack from whatever quarter or source it might come . If the enemy attack you through commerce , you must resist him ; if he seize on neutral territory to attack you , you have a right to pursue him through that neutral territory ; if through a neutral fortress , you have a right to destroy that fortress . It was upon this principle of self-defence we had acted towards America ; which principle , if not true , might subject us to censure . If we are attacked through neutral nations , we must retaliate ; and this doctrine had been distinctly acted upon ,