member for supporting what lie esteemed the cause of justice , he only begged that he would not carry that amiable quality to excess , and that he would not without proof suspect or accuse his own country of being guilty of injustice . He trusted that he himself held the cause of justice in equal respect as he was convinced the hon . gent . did ; but he could not go the length of taking everything for granted , that went to militate against this country and its most essential interests . He could not conceive that it was possible to say , that America , in the last proposition made to this country , had made any thing like a declaration , that if France adhered to the Berlin Decree , the consequence would lead to a war between the two countries , or that she would arm her merchantmen to protect them against the Decrees of France . He maintained , that , instead of being an offer to this effect , it rather went to exclude the idea of such a course being at all in the contemplation of America . It only went to declare that , in the event alluded to taking place , the embargo against France should be continued . This seemed to him to be totally unintelligible . The moment the ports , whence vessels were to proceed , were opened , there ceased to be an embargo . There might be a prohibition against their proceeding to certain particular ports , but this was not in the nature of an embargo , but of a prohibitory decree . What security would such an Order hold out to Great Britain that these vessels the moment they left the ports of America would not proceed direct for France ? Would America pretend to tell us that her prohibitory decree , after the vessels had left her ports , would have more effect in preventing an intercourse with France , than 1190 the vigilance of our maritime power ? There was no point more firmly established in our prize courts than this , that we have no right to give effect to the law of another country : That we had no jurisdiction in the municipal law of another nation . The only tendency therefore of the propotion made by America , would be to annul our Orders in Council , in consequence of which our cruizers would no longer have any power to make seizures of any neutral vessels proceeding to France , in lieu of which America would give us a mockery instead of a reality of security against such intercourse with the territories of our enemies . There could , the learned gent . submitted , be no better proof , that the prohibitory law would be evaded , than that , which had actually been proved , that the embargo had been evaded . He proceeded to read evidence in proof of this assertion , and asked what then would be the case when there would be no embargo , and the Americans would have it in their power to go to the ports of France and Spain , as well as of England ; America , therefore , neither proposed to restrain the unjust Decrees of France , nor even to say , she would not trade with her . That America should go to war with France , the learned gent . was far from desiring . All he asked was , that she should not trade with France and the other enemies of G. Britain ; and this he asked of her only so long as they interdicted her from trading with us . The American Note did not even offer the assurance that she would continue the embargo against France until France rescinded her Decrees . Such was not even the meaning of the words.—The learned gent . then proceeded to consider the terms of the offers of the American government to France , and asked , would any man say , that to confiscate a vessel for touching at England was a municipal