towards the duke of York , he said his royal highness must feel obliged to him for putting the rumours , long industriously propagated on this subject , into a tangible shape . What he had said about jacobinism and the licentiousness of the press , had no relation at all to the hon . gent . but applied to other topics , which must have been passing at the moment in every man 's mind who heard him , and not what fell from the hon . gentleman . Mr. Wardle then read an extract from the London Gazette , of the 30th July , 1805 , announcing the promotion of Col. Brooke , from the 56th regiment to the 5th dragoon guards , vice lieut.-colonel Knight , exchanged , and said he gave this as a competent proof of the exchange . The first Witness called was Dr. Andrew Thynne . But before his examination , Mr. Wardle assured the committee , that he very reluctantly , and against the gentleman 's own wishes , called him as a witness . He had no other concern in the business than merely the inadvertent delivery of a message , which , upon mature reflection , he most probably would have declined . here interposed . He stated that this mode of interrogation was irregular , and that these were not proper questions to put to a witness.— The witness was ordered to withdraw . said , He conceived himself perfectly correct in the questions he had put ; and it was far from him to wish to do any tiling that did not meet the concurrence of the Committee . noticed , that witnesses to be examined ought not to have the advantage of knowing the evidence given by the preceding witnesses . who had left the house for a short time , observed , that if the hon . gent , alluded to him , he could say . That he went out merely for the purpose of informing Dr. Thynne , that his farther attendance was not necessary that night . In that interval he had not had any conversation with any of the witnesses except Mrs. Clarke , who asked who was under examination at the time ? And he answered Mr. Knight . stated , that the purpose for which the hon . gent . had left the house , could not be mistaken , as it was in consequence of an explanation with him respecting Dr. Thynne 's farther attendance . said , as the hon . gent . had asked the last witness if she had been , at a certain period , under the protection of the Duke of York , he wished to ask whether that lady was not now under the protection of the hon . gent. ? The house not appearing to countenance such a question , Mrs. Clarke was again called to the bar , and her examination was re-commenced . denied that such was by any means his intention . Whatever questions he had felt it his duty to put to the witness was with the sole view of impeaching her veracity alone , and he trusted what he had said , and what he would say , would convince the house of her whole story being a malicious fabrication , and not entitled to any credit . He was far from thinking that any thing he could say to expose her falsehoods could in the least affect the veracity of Mr. Wardle , and nothing could be farther from his intention.— The witness was then called in and re-examined . said , in explanation , that he had put a question to the hon . gent , opposite him , from having observed him leave the house , and , on his return , proceed to a course of examination , in which he appeared to put answers in the witness 's mouth . He did not suspect the hon . gent , of any bad intention , and firmly believed , that his disavowal of such intention was sincere . said , that from the