I rise , Sir , not to object to the proposition of the right hon . gent . but , as I am anxious to put a question to the witness , I wish to ascertain whether it would be in order after the committee had adopted this resolution . ( Cries of move , move ! ) I beg leave to move that capt . Huxley Sandon has been guilty of gross prevarication in the evidence that he has given this night at the bar . I next move that the chairman do immediately report that Resolution to the house . The house having resumed and having received the Report , the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , That the said capt . Huxley Sandon should be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms.— ( Cries of Newgate ! Newgate ! ) . communicated to the house , that in such cases there were two distinct processes to be followed . As an amendment to the motion of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I move that the said witness be forthwith committed to the gaol of Newgate . wished to know , whether by not acceding to the amendment , the original motion was hazarded ? stated , that there were three modes for the adoption of the house , namely , to commit the witness to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms , to deny any access to him , or to send hi in to Newgate . observed , that it was by no means his intention to limit his motion to the dry committal of the witness to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms . There were other objects to be considered , such as directing the Serjeant to convey the witness to his lodgings , in order to examine for this Note amongst his papers , and to have him near to the house , in case the committee should feel a wish to examine him on any point which may subsequently arise . on those grounds , withdrew his amendment . recommended the expediency of seizing on all the Papers of the witness , and of taking the wife into instant custody , lest she should destroy the document which was sought . intimated , that although the precedents of the house empowered it to apprehend supposed delinquents , and to send its officers to make every examination conducive to the ends of justice , still it would consider seriously whether the present was a case to carry such a power into effect . considered it a case where the house ought to appoint a Committee for the examination of all the papers of the witness . He believed there were precedents in the period of the South Sea House investigations . Such a power was exercised in the reign of Charles 2 , when a committee was deputed to examine the papers of Mr. Montague , at Whitehall . * thought , that the house should not in the present stage , direct that the wife of the witness should be taken into custody , although it might be expedient to have her summoned . explained , that his object in recommending such a proceeding , arose out of the evidence of the witness himself , who stated , that his wife had access to the bureau in which this note was placed . conceiving it probable that other papers connected with the issue of this investigation were in the possession of the witness , thought it advisable in the house to depute two of its members , to select and examine all the papers at his lodgings . considered the proposal of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to send his Serjeant at Arms , or his proper officer , as the milder and equally an effectual course . As the motion to that effect was about to be put , the Serjeant at Arms stated to the House that capt . Huxley Sandon would be glad to be again brought to the bar . believed the house would have but one opinion