that the preservation of that faith , in all cases of difficulty and trial , is the surest tower of safety to this country ; and the best hope of deliverance to the rest of the world . His majesty has expressed the lively satisfaction he has derived from the achievements of his army , in the commencement of the campaign in Portugal . Sir , there is not a hamlet in this empire which did not partake of his majesty 's feelings , in viewing the successes which crowned the valour of his troops , whilst they were under the sole command of my right hon . friend ; though the nation universally shares in the anguish of his majesty 's heart , upon the extraordinary infatuation which sacrificed all the glories of Vimeira to the enemy , yet I trust that the disappointments and difficulties which have occurred , great and severe as they 38 are , will have no other effect than to inspire us with additional vigour , and stimulate us to new exertions , in the confidence that the same skill and heroism will hereafter lead to happier results . Alter all the gloomy predictions which were held forth to us , of the failure of our revenue and commerce , during the last Session of Parliament , it must be matter of the most substantial satisfaction to this house , to find that the enemy has himself chiefly felt the evils of his own injustice . The system adopted by his majesty 's government , and the spirit of enterprise and industry which distinguish the commercial dealings of this country above all the nations of the world , have alleviated the mischief meditated by France against the resources , credit , and commerce of this country , and the revenues are still proceeding in a state of progressive improvement . His majesty has recommended to the house the increase of our military power . In times of tumult and disorder , like those in which we live , our military strength must be made to keep pace with the enemy , and the house feeling that not only the success of our arms in foreign countries , but the defence of our own islands depend upon the speedy augmentation of our military power , will no doubt determine , with every possible expedition , the best means of obtaining that increase . To me this has always appeared to be the paramount subject of our anxieties and deliberations ; and it is highly satisfactory to know , that the measures heretofore adopted for this purpose , have succeeded to the full and best of our expectations . It now becomes the wisdom of this house to enable his majesty to avail himself of the military strength of the dominions at the earliest possible period , for without it there can be no hope of a successful resistance of that tyranny which has already desolated some of the fairest portions of the globe , and still menaces with its baleful influence the interests and happiness of the world . For these reasons , I most cheerfully second the motion of my hon . friend . The awful circumstances , Mr. Speaker , under which the present session of Parliament commences , would in themselves , without even his Majesty 's direction , have called our attention to them , and produced , I am sure , in the mind of every man , a wish to offer to the House such opinions and counsels as are . likely to tend to the honour and security of the 39 country . His Majesty in his Speech intimates to us , that the contest in which we are engaged has no likelihood of being brought to a conclusion favourable to the interests of this country , or of our allies , without a vigorous and persevering continuation of the efforts of the British nation . I do believe that his Majesty may have formed a very just estimate of the situation of this country , and of the rest of Europe , in so saying ; but