the existence of a French army there , and that another object was the existence of a Russian navy in the Tagus . Under the existing circum- 914 stances of Europe it would have been a matter of the highest importance to convince the government and the people of Russia , of the hazardous nature of the war in which they were engaged , and of the danger of risking the consequences of a contest against the naval superiority of Great Britain . How this was achieved it will be necessary shortly to slate . It appears that so late as the year 1807 , it had been suggested by lord Strangford , that it might be possible to reduce the Russian fleet , by blockade , to such a state as would in all probability lead to a maritime Convention . This was followed up by a letter from the admiralty to sir C. Cotton , authorising him to conclude a maritime Convention upon the terms in which this Convention was concluded . Having stated this , it is only necessary to say , that it is known to those who have seen and perused these papers , that , from the time these instructions were first conveyed , not a word of instruction was afterwards received by sir Charles Cotton respecting the Russian fleet . Nothing was communicated to him that could authorise him to believe that the former instructions had been suspended [ Lord Castlereagh , 'Certainly not ! ' ] Lord Henry Petty in continuation—The noble lord then means to admit , that sir C Cotton was right . What I have to observe upon that head is this , that circumstances were materially changed by the insurrection in Spain , and by the expedition to Portugal , and yet not a word of additional instruction is sent to sir C. Cotton . On the contrary , sir Charles Cotton remains in September with the very same instructions he had received in April . He goes on and concludes the Convention , and ' then it is that the Board of Admiralty write a letter to sir C. Cotton , in which they do not condemn him for applying at one time the instructions meant for another period ; but they blame him for introducing a new principle of maritime convention by which the ships were to be returned . Yet this was precisely the principle which had been suggested by the noble lord , on the 16th of April , and nevertheless when sir Charles Cotton has concluded a Convention upon the same basis , the noble lord thinks it ingenious to turn round upon the gallant admiral , and exclaim , `` Thou can'st not say I did it . '' I say it was the noble lord himself , who introduced the principle , and that it is owing to him we have had the mortification of seeing Russian ships enter our ports in any other situa- 915 tion than as prizes . I am convinced the circumstances that occasioned that mortification did not originate with sir C. Cotton , but with those who sent him . We do find that something like an Instruction upon this point was transmitted to sir Hew Dalrymple ; for he tell us that a letter was received by him upon the 3d of September , and that if he had received it before , he never would have held out to the Russians the hope that their ships should be considered other than as prizes ; so it seems that this letter , which would have induced him to have considered the Russians in a different point of view , he received so late as the 3d of Sept. , the expedition having sailed a considerable time before that . The letter which was intended to guide his conduct , was not received until long after the Armistice was signed—an Armistice by which the men and officers on board the Russian fleet were sent , not to assist the French against the Spaniards , but to assist the Russians against our faithful allies the Swedes.—Then if