per man per 326 month , 3,126,500l . For wear and tear of ships for ditto during the same period , at 1l . 19s . per man per month , 3,295,500l . For victuals for ditto during the same period , at 2l . 19s . per man per month , 4,935,500l . The hon . gent . then observed , that the house would learn with satisfaction , that the number of seamen now serving in the navy , covered entirely , if it did not exceed , the number which the committee had just voted . could not suffer this subject to pass , without expressing a hope , that his majesty 's ministers entertained a disposition to regulate the course of proceeding at Doctors ' Commons . It was his opinion , that the offices of king 's advocate and king 's proctor ought to be divided . He did not mean to object to the vole of any sum for the navy ; but he mustadd , that he should like to see those who were to manage the expenditure of it , such as ten commissioners of the navy and of victualling , selected from amongst naval men . The practice , as well as the whole system of selecting officers of the army for such offices , he deemed altogether improper , as the appointment of persons not acquainted with naval affairs , to such situations , could not but be most mischievous . In the estimates then under consideration , he lamented that he did not see any provision made for the protection and support of the orphans of marine officers , and hoped that before the end of the session , some establishment , corresponding to the Compassionate Fund for the army , should be instituted for the navy . This he looked upon as a proper time for mentioning the subject ; and if it should not be taken up by his majesty 's ministers , in whose hands it most properly ought to be left , he should feel it to be his duty to submit the matter to the house in the course of the session . The sum was then voted ; after which , on the motion of Mr. Huskisson , two several sums of 10,500,000l . and 1,500,000l . were voted to be raised by exchequer bills , to pay off similar sums of exchequer bills issued last session , and now outstanding and unprovided for . previous to going into the Committee of Inquiry into the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , wished to correct the error to which he had alluded yesterday , in his former evidence . informed the hon . member , that the time for offering any thing relevant to his former evidence , would be , when the house should have resolved itself into a committee . The matter then immediately before the house , was the notice the hon . gent . had yesterday given , of a motion for certain Papers or Books , from the Office of the Commander in Chief . After a short conversation , which led to the omission of a part of Mr. Wardle 's original motion , the following motion was agreed to : `` That the proper officer from the Office of the Commander-in-Chief do attend the Committee of the whole House , appointed to inquire into the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , with the Book containing the Applications for Purchase by Subaltern Officers , within the period in which Captain Maling had his three Commissions given to him . '' The house having then resolved itself into the Committee , Mr. Wharton in the Chair , begged to call the attention of the committee to the correction he had to make of his former evidence . He had on the former night stated that he had not seen Mrs. Clarke on Tuesday morning , though he had waited a considerable time in her drawing-room for the purpose of seeing her . On recollection , however , he found that it