Russia . He was disposed to give credit to the Secretary of State who had conducted that Correspondence ; perhaps it would have been more eligible , to have explicitly reserved our just protection of the Spanish monarchy for Negotiation at the proposed Congress , and to have insisted only on the admission of our allies ; but this was a diplomatic doubt , on which he was not disposed to insist . He must , however , express his concern , that in the proposed Address the house was led to a sort of indirect acknowledgment of Ferdinand VII . He could not forget that he had been present at the coronation of Charles IV . ; and he had not seen any ground for recognizing the abdication of that unfortunate monarch , who had since stated , what was sufficiently evident , that he had done nothing but by compulsion , and did not mean to be thus superseded by his son . saw many errors in the system which had been pursued in our attempt to protect Spain . The great duke of Marlborough had laid it down that no army entering Spain , and wishing to secure to itself a retreat , should omit to possess themselves of Barcelona . There was also on the opposite coast a fortress , which had been overlooked by us , but which the French had since occupied , and rendered almost impregnable . There was another circumstance which , in his opinion deserved inquiry , and to which , on some future occasion , he should , in all probability , call the attention of the house ; namely , why col. Shrapnell 's spherical case shot , which it was staled , had contributed 175 greatly to decide the battle of Vimiera , had not been furnished to our army in Spain ? declared it to be the anxious wish of ministers to meet every inquiry into the conduct of the war in Spain . He challenged his noble friend on the cross bench , or the noble lord opposite , to bring forward any motion they chose on this subject , on as early a day as they chose , that the question might be fairly and at once discussed . said , that thus attacked , he could not sit silent . He declared sincerely that there was not a single measure adopted by ministers , which , had he been in their situation , he would have thought he acted right in resorting to ; and he was equally persuaded there was not one step he would have recommended which they would have adopted . He did not refer to Spain alone ; he alluded to their whole conduct since they were entrusted with the management of affairs . He could not , however , consent that he should be called on to bring forward any motion on the subject . Much information was still wanting on the subject of the operations and plans of operations in Spain , which it was the duty of ministers themselves to furnish : particularly , it was incumbent on them , in the first place , to put the house in possession of that document , transmitted to this country by sir John Moore , and which it was the dying wish of that gallant officer should be published , that the country might have a due appreciation of his services . Accounts were daily received from officers in our army , his lordship was sorry to say , not of a consoling nature , but which were calculated to grate the ear and wound the heart . It was not on him , however , or on any other noble lord , that a call lay to make this a subject of inquiry . It was the incumbent duty of ministers themselves to furnish every possible information on a subject in which the feelings not only of that house , but of the public , were so peculiarly interested . being called on as he had been , must also say , that he deemed it incumbent