that the last answer be expunged , as , if the letter should be decided to be evidence , it would be read as such . was of opinion , that the answer ought not to be expunged . thought , that , as the letter had , amongst others , been referred last night to a Committee , to ascertain which related to the business then in a course of investigation , and had been produced by that Committee , he could not see why it should not be read as evidence . referring to the Report of the Committee , staled , that the Committee , had not given any opinion , whether the letters are now , or were hereafter , to be considered admissible evidence . considered them as admissible evidence . declared that unless some understanding should be come to about it , he should feel it his duty to take the sense of the Committee on the question for expunging the last answer , if the hon . member should persist in pressing it . called the attention of the Committee to the circumstance that the letter which had been just read , purporting to be from Mr. Elderton to the D. of Y. , was without a seal . It had probably been enclosed in a cover to Mrs. C. to be sent to his royal highness or not , as that lady pleased , but it was found in the custody of Mrs. C. herself . stated his object to be to call the attention of the committee to the state in which the witness had come to the bar . The witness appeared to be drunk , and in such case it became the house to make an example of such a person . [ A cry of Move ! move ! ) —On the question being put that Mrs. Favery be called in , expressed his surprise that the committee had not resorted to some proceeding on the suggestion of the hon . member . [ Hear ! hear ! ] At all events , if it was the opinion of the committee that the witness was drunk , he was of opinion that his evidence ought to be expunged from the minutes . admitted that it must have been obvious to every gentleman , particularly those who sat near the bar , that the witness had taken more liquor than he ought . But he had given his evidence as clearly as any other witness who had been examined at the bar ; and he thought it beneath the dignity of the house to take any notice of the state in which he was . then moved , that the evidence of the last witness be expunged from the minutes . This was the more necessary , as the Committee seemed agreed 679 that he was drunk , and lie had been suffered to withdraw without any censure . begged the hon . gent . to reconsider his motion , as it was a question upon which the committee might be called upon to divide . He admitted that the witness was in a state indecorous for a person at the bar of that house . But his evidence was not material enough to require so strict a measure as that of expunging it from the minutes . was not surprised at the feeling manifested by the hon . gent . for the dignity of the house . But there was n great difficulty in drawing the line for the interference of the house in animadverting upon such impropriety . He hoped that the hon . gent . would be influenced by what had fallen from the hon . baronet , and wave his motion . observed , that if the question was as to the punishment of the individual , it would be desirable to take into consideration the time he had been summoned . But he thought that the whole of what they desired might be attained without expunging the evidence , by an entry upon the minutes that the witness was , at the time of