the French patroles came tip to the lines of these armies , common sense proved that the plan ought not to have been persevered in . Then , in what 1088 a situation was sir John Moore placed ! he must have been utterly at a loss whether to assist sir David Baird , or gen. Hope ; and there they were without any general plan till the 5th of Dec. when sir John Moore gave an order to advance , in consequence of being joined by the cavalry and artillery under gen. Hope , whom he believed to be one of the best officers in the service ; and he might appeal to this very operation for the truth of this assertion . The French , however , during all this time , were not idle . They had got to Madrid : but to account for the rapidity of their movements , the noble lord said that they took every thing they wanted . And why did not we secure every thing we wanted ? And the question was the more appropriate , inasmuch as we were in a friendly country ; the French in a hostile one . All this called for inquiry ; and the noble lord pointed to his documents . Suppose , these were to implicate the ruling persons in Spain and Portugal , whom could the house summon for explanation ? Could they call for the bishop of Oporto ? ( a laugh ) . Never was there such a course of abominable lies as had been circulated with respect to these transactions in the month of November . Buonaparté , it was said , and particularly by those most attached to the government , was utterly ruined ; all his schemes had failed , and nothing was heard of but universal insurrection of the Spanish nation : It was said , that he was at last caught ; that he had made a false move ; that sir John Moore had got behind him , and that his destruction was inevitable . But to the noble lord 's very great surprise , Buonaparté pushed forward to Madrid without stopping to attack our armies . But it did not appear very surprising , that Buonaparté , who wanted to get the crown of Spain for his brother , should push forward to the seat of government with as much dispatch as possible . The noble lord thought that Buonaparté had committed a great error in not waiting to attack our armies . But the object of Buonaparté was to drive us out of Spain ; and he did not much risk that by securing another object , and the event was , that he secured them both . The noble lord , perhaps , ought not rashly to set his own opinion against that of Buonaparté in a military question . Buonaparté was an usurper , an upstart , a tyrant , and a great many other bad things , but still it was impossible to deny , but this wicked man had some skill in military 1089 matters , sufficient , indeed , to counterbalance the authority even of the noble lord.—But so it was , that Buonaparté , whether right or wrong , got to Madrid , and then sir John Moore formed the resolution to advance . Now , he wanted much to know whether sir John Moore had received instructions to advance at that particular moment ? And he also wanted to know why the troops that were embarking , to the number of 12,000 men , were not sent forward immediately to his assistance in his retreat ? Great advantages might have resulted from this : in the first place , gen. Moore might have been alive , and if 10,000 men , a great , proportion of which were actually in the transports , had been sent to Corunna , then a real diversion might have been effected ; for the army might , perhaps , have maintained itself for some time in that place , and in reality obliged Buonaparté to turn his whole attention to