not have thought she would have ; done under any circumstances whatever , I for she has not only renewed that Embargo , but reconciled a great majority of her people to the continuance of it . In a word , America has had the courage and the virtue to sacrifice her interest to her honour and independence ; she has cut off between this country and America all intercourse whatever . This , sir , is the situation into which England is reduced by the insulting letter of the right hon . gent , and no man living ( as it appears to me ) ever did or could do by accident— for we have the right hon . gent . 's own authority that he did not design it— so much mischief by one letter as he has done by this . Is it not deplorable , sir , that for the sake of a few pointed periods , and well-turned sentences , any individual , how exalted soever his station , should do such incalculable mischief as the right hon . gent , has done by that letter ? He has wounded the mind of America to such a degree that we have made her consent to an act by which she voluntarily sacrifices her commerce ; but this she does , rather than submit to the dictation of the right hon . gent . She has in a spirit of resentment , deprived herself of her own trade , by her own deliberate act . By this time , America has shut herself out of communication with the rest of the world ; and by that act will be enabled hereafter to choose her own condition . The industry and active powers of her citizens will be directed to fresh pursuits ; her maritime habits will be diverted from peaceful commerce to predatory attacks on the ships of England . Then will those Englishmen who now treat the offensive power of America with scornful contempt alter their tone ; and especially such of them as may happen to be concerned in that trade which particularly exposes our merchantmen to attack—I mean that to the West Indies . But it seems we have an inexhaustible resource for all our continental disastrous disappointments . What if Bonaparte do conquer Spain , have we not then the whole of South America thrown open to 88 our commerce ? Can it be , that the right hon . gent . forgets that war with North America will expose our intercourse with the Spanish colonies in the southern division of that great continent , to dangers so great , so numerous , and so incessant , that the risk will raise the premium of insurance to an amount that will render the trade not worth pursuing . No man could adventure , under such circumstances , with any hope of deriving a competent profit from so precarious a trade . The subject of our situation with America is of the last importance to the country , and deserves the most serious attention of this house . In quarrelling with America we have certainly committed an egregious error , and to endeavour to correct that error , without loss of time , is true wisdom . The opinion of the right hon . gent , however , has , it seems , suffered some relaxation in consequence of a resolution of Congress , which has been made known to him subsequent to the date of his letter—by which resolution the ships of war of belligerents in general are to be excluded from the waters of America . `` There is no rational price , '' says the right hon . gent . that I should not pay for an adjustment of this dispute , consistently with the national honour . The Americans have come to a point , not in the most gracious way certainly , but they have come to it ; by which they treat us on a footing of exact equality with France . I can not say that all difficulties are thereby adjusted ; but I do say