be contended that it was our duty to point out to them a new person for a sovereign , calculated to renovate their kingdom , by implanting into it all the virtues of a new dynasty ? He hoped the British nation would never adopt these principles of the Napoleon school , or those of the French revolution , which for 16 years had been the source of all the misery that had desolated the world . His majesty 's government did not conceive it to be a duty imposed on them to point out to the people of Spain even such errors as the eye of philosophy might discover in the best formed constitutions . Great and glorious as was our own , they would consider themselves better employed in rectifying any errors that might have crept into its pure system than in pretending to judge for others . They were content to take Spain as they found it , and never wished to take an advantage of its misfortunes to modulate its government into experiment . They considered it in the view the Spanish people themselves took of it—they offered no counsel—they suggested no change—to ask for the admission of the de facto government was not therefore to force any thing on Spain , or to interfere at all in the continuance or termination of the war . If after the answer returned by France , ministers had receded from the cause of Spain , then , indeed , they would have deserved all those taunts , all those suspicions , and all those doubts which during the interchange of couriers between the countries were preparing for them . But to set the designs of Buonaparté in a still stronger point of view , he must recal to the recollection of gentlemen , that it was not in consequence of the Answer returned to the Erfurth overtures , that he formed his determination to subvert Spain . That determination was declared before the answer was received . The overtures reached this country on the evening of the 22 d of October , and Buonaparté on the morning of the 25th of the same month , in his Speech or Message to his Legislative body , pledged himself to place the crown of Spain , by force , upon the head of his brother . If there were those who ever thought an opportunity for successful negociation had been missed , they might see from this whether of not any other line of conduct would not 220 have been equally useless.—Another charge had been brought against government : it was said , that whenever Buonaparté had resolved on any measure , and declared that he would accomplish it , such a declaration should be received , as the fiat of a superior being , against which it was folly to oppose any kind of resistance ! He never pledged himself to any thing but what he could carrry into execution ! His resolves were insurmountable ! His career not to be stopped I We were therefore to submit to dependence if he declared such to be his will and pleasure , and so far from daring to stand gloriously forth the champions of the continent , we were not even to think of defending ourselves against this irresistible leader ! Such might be the opinion of some ; but such was not his opinion , nor the opinion of the British people . Even were the ship in which we were embarked sinking , it was our duty to struggle against the boisterous elements . But he never could acknowledge that such was our state ; we were riding proudly and nobly buoyant upon the waves . Of those who entertained such desponding , such unmanly sentiments , he was sure the number was very small.—In another , and certainly the least brilliant light in which we could consider the nature of our connection with Spain , namely , as far as our own interest was concerned , could any one of the few who looked at the subject in this selfish view , say that we ought to