he approved of the dispositions made by sir Arthur in the battle , and thereby made 108 himself responsible fir all those disposiions . Had our army been defeated , sir Harry must have participated in the shame of the defeat , surely then justice required that he should partake of the triumph of the victory . With respect to the conduct of sir Harry Burrard , he ( lord M. ) had not been able , with the aid of all the evidence examined by the Court of Inquiry , to make up his mind as to the point , whether it was proper to advance the army after the battle ; so far , however , as he was enabled to form an opinion , he conceived the conduct of sir Harry upon that occasion to have been judicious . He could not , therefore , considering that sir Harry Burrard had all the responsibility of the command upon him , consent that the name of that Officer should be omitted in the Vote of Thanks , and should move an Amendment for the purpose of having his name inserted . contended , that sir Harry Burrard had , in his own dispatch , expressly disclaimed any share in the victory , he having with great magnanimity allowed the whole of the actual command during the battle to remain with sir A. Wellesley . To include sir Harry in the Vote of Thanks , would be giving an opinion upon subsequent circumstances , respecting which no information was before the house . said , that he anticipated the objections made by the noble lord who moved the amendment , and had given them full consideration . The result of that consideration was that he could not agree to them . He did not feel that a Vote of Thanks to sir A. Wellesley could attach the least discredit to the character of sir II . Burrard . He cordially assented to the original motion , and regretted that his noble friend had not made it the day after the meeting of the house . He paid some high compliments to the merit of sir A. Wellesley , and described the victory which had been obtained by the army under his command , as one of the most brilliant that graced the annals of the country . He recommended to the noble baron to withdraw the amendment . in offering himself to the consideration of their lordships , begged to premise that he was altogether unacquainted with sir H. Burrard or his family , and that he did not even know that he had ever seen his person ; at the same time he was ready to give the highest possible praise to sir A. Wellesley , which his warmest and most enthusiastic admirers 109 could devise , and to acknowledge he had eminently conducted himself , not only on the present occasion , but on every former opportunity that had offered itself ; but he would beg leave to ask one plain question ; Was sir H. Burrard in the chief command on the 21st August or not ? If he were , he was entitled to the admiration of his country , and the thanks of their lordships , for having embraced those plant and adopted those measures , which he found his predecessor in the pursuit of . For his part , he had spent the earlier part of his days in the service , and was acquainted with its details , and his lordship thought , that however wise and skilful previous plans might have been found , yet in the moment of action much might depend upon the events arising from the exertions of individuals , whether from skill or accident . In the navy , for instance , when the commander-in-chief had arranged his plans , and rushed into the battle , in the midst of smoke and confusion , much of the success might be fairly attributable to the efforts of a captain , or even the hardy intrepidity of a common seaman ; and yet , he believed it had never