a thing in you to assume a false name , that you can not positively say when you assumed such a name , or indeed whether you did so at all or not ? I do not recollect that I have done so . Do you recollect to have gone by the name of Dowler ? No , I do not ; but it is very likely others might call me so ; I never represented myself as Mrs. Dowler . Then you say positively , that you never called yourself by the name of Dowler , or represented yourself as bearing that name ? No , I have not , without it might be in joke ; and if that is asked me , I will answer the question ; it must have been to some acquaintance , if to any body , as I have always lived under my own name . Did you not , within the time alluded to , live at Hampstead , assuming to yourself the name of Dowler ? No , I lived at Hampstead , but under my own name . 600 Nor in the neighbourhood of Hampstead ? No , never any where , but in my own name . In whose house have you lived at Hampstead ? Mr. Nichols 's . How long did you live at Mr. Nichols 's ? I can not recollect how long . A considerable time ? Some months . During the whole of which you passed under your own name of Clarke ? During the whole time . In what year did you live at Hampstead ? Part of 1808 , and the end of 1807 . You have stated when you were last here , that you had seen Mr. Dowler but twice since his arrival in England ; once on a Sunday , when he called relative to the business now under inquiry , and once in the Witness 's room in this House ; do you abide by that assertion ? I will not be caught in a story about that , and therefore I shall say I did see him once besides . Do you mean to say that you were caught in a story , when you before represented that you had seen him but twice ? No ; it is now perhaps your wish to catch me in one . Did you not say that you had seen Mr. Dowler only twice ? It is very likely I might have said so . Is that true or false ? It is true that I have seen him twice , and it is also true that I have seen him three times . Where did you see Mr. Dowler the third time which you now allude to ? In this House . How often have you seen Mr. Dowler besides those three times , since his return from Portugal ? Those three times ? Once since—yesterday . That is the whole number of times that you have seen Mr. Dowler since his arrival in England ? I believe that the honourable gentleman can tell pretty well , for his garret window is very convenient for his prying disposition , as it overlooks my house . ( A loud laugh . ) That is the whole number of times that you have seen Mr. Dowler since his arrival in England ? Yes . You are sure of that ? Yes . You are not now afraid of being caught in a story ; you answer with perfect recollection ? If the hon , gentleman wishes it , I will say I have seen him oftener , if it will at all tend to any thing ; I do not wish to conceal that Mr. Dowler is a very particular friend of mine . [ The Chairman informed the Witness that she did not stand there to make observations on the gentlemen who examined her , but to give correct and proper answers to the questions put to her . ] I have , as well as I can recollect . At what other places than those you have already