ingredients which were calculated to do honour to the country , and to call for the unanimous Thanks of the house . He would not speak of the final result of the campaign ; but as to this victory , and the course that led to it , there never was any thing more splendid and decisive , and the house would be wanting in the feelings that ought to distinguish the British parliament , unless they marked their sense of gratitude by the warmest thanks . Pie stated on public grounds , that from the landing at Mondego , to the victory of Vimiera , the whole proceeding formed a splendid monument of the military genius of sir A. Wellesley . But if he were to speak from private feeling he would say , that though from the commencement of his career sir A. Wellesley had deserved the highest applause of his country , there was no occasion when his military genius shone with greater lustre than the present . He agreed with the hon . gent . who spoke last but one , that from what the distinguished general in question had already done , we might form the most flattering hopes of what he would in future accomplish , in the honourable profession to which he was so splendid an ornament ; and from the heavy loss we had so recently sustained among our generals , we ought carefully to nourish and encourage all those who had given such pre-eminent proofs of the vast superiority of their talents . He was happy to be able to concur so completely in this motion , from the judicious course which the noble lord had adopted , in confining it to the conduct of the general and the troops . supported the motion , and expressed his extreme regret at the treatment his friend sir A. Wellesley received on his arrival in this country , after the 151 brilliant and admirable manner in which lie had performed the service entrusted to his management . He had attacked and beaten , whatever might be said to the contrary , an enemy greatly superior to him in numbers ; and if the noble lord would examine the documents , he would find it to be so . He was sorry , however , to say , that instead of being hailed as a conqueror by whom the military glory of Great Britain had been enhanced , he had been dragged as a culprit to answer to the charge of being a party to a transaction which he wished to prevent . The Report of that tribunal , before which he had been arraigned , had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the nation ; because it spoke with equal praise of the man who won the battle , and of the man who checked the pursuit ; of the man who conducted the disposition of the army , and of the man who when the victory was achieved , at case assumed the chief command . He was far however , from wishing to detract from the merits of the two other gallant generals , or to heighten those of his illustrious friend by a comparison with them ; but , certainly , they had no share in the transaction ; sir A. Wellesley had performed all the service ; sir A. Wellesley was entitled to all the reward . The other officers might , if entrusted with the command from the beginning , have performed the service in the same gallant manner . But here he was not to look to what might have been done , but to what had been done . Sir Arthur had performed the service , and he was entitled to the thanks . The Court of Inquiry had given but cold praise , when they said that he had displayed unquestionable zeal and firmness . These were qualities which every general must possess , unless a traitor or a coward . The performance of a bare duty might screen from censure , but deserved very little praise . Sir Arthur had done more . The