, it is the business of the barmaid . [ Mr. Reid was directed to withdraw . May I speak a word ; I merely wish to ask a question of some of the crown lawyers . ( A laugh ) then rose , and said , that he had been addressing the Committee at the time that the Chancellor of the Exchequer thought it necessary to introduce by a long statement the fact which had been disclosed to them this night . He should therefore return to the subject that he had been speaking of at that time . The noble lord ( Folkestone ) had , in a very unparliamentary way , imputed to him motives which he had no right to do . He had said that his object in putting some questions to the hon . gent . was merely a desire to spin out the time till other witnesses arrived . This was stating most unjustly ( A loud cry of Order ! Order ! ) considered that the hon . gent . was not in order . thought the hon . gent . had completely misapprehended what he meant to state . would not say more on that point , as he had appeared to the Committee to be out of order . But he would put a few questions to the hon . gent . who brought forward the charges . begged that if the hon . member had any imputation to cast on his conduct he would state , it ; at present he did not understand the drift of these questions . said , that he asked them in consequence of a note he had received from Mrs. Sutherland . said , that if there was any thing in it that related to the enquiry , he ought to read it , and thus have a foundation for his questions . said , there was nothing in it that at all referred to the inquiry . ( A laugh . ) moved , that the question be not answered.—The question was expunged . said , that notwithstanding capt . Sandon , by producing the paper in question , as well as others which might bear on the present subject of investigation , had certainly made some atonement , which might be the subject of future consideration with the committee ; yet he could not think , in a case of such flagrant prevarication as he had been guilty of , he should be allowed to escape without a severe notice of his crime in the first instance . He would therefore move , `` That for the gross prevarication of which he had been guilty , capt . Huxley Sandon should be committed to Newgate , '' which was ordered accordingly.—The right hon . gent . then proceeded to state , that it would be impossible to close the Inquiry 763 in that sitting , because he would wish to bring proof , such as could be relied on , as to that Letter being or not being the handwriting of the D. of Y. and that could not be done till to-morrow . When he opened the case of the suppression of evidence , it was under an impression that the Letter was destroyed , and he could not therefore think it necessary to summon col. Gordon , who was the person most likely to prove the D. of Y . 's hand in the most satisfactory manner . He was also of opinion , that the committee could not with propriety , during the present sitting , take into their consideration the papers found in capt . Sandon 's bureau , some of which he owned bore upon the Inquiry now before them . He would propose , therefore , that a Select Committee , similar to that which was formed the other night , should now be appointed to inspect those Papers , and report to the house such of them as in their opinion bore upon the present Investigation . That Committee might sit this morning , and make their report in the evening to the committee