independence of that nation , ( an attempt deserving of all the censure and reprobation which the hon . mover has so eloquently pronounced upon it , ) an opportunity of ardent hope to this country , and of probable deliverance to Europe , presented itself , such as we had not witnessed since the revolution of France in 1789 . This was an event of the greatest importance , an event big with the greatest consequences , and which demanded the greatest attention of the king 's ministers : they , and they only , were capable of forming a just opinion concerning it . It was impossible to conceive that such a country as Great Britain could view such passing events with indifference , or without taking a very prominent part in their direction . The question for those entrusted with the management of our concerns , was to obtain the necessary knowledge , and to bestow upon it , when acquired , the most mature consideration . It is upon this principle the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , with respect to the war in Spain , in my opinion , is to be appreciated . It is in the recollection of this House , that we were first acquainted with the exertions of the Spanish people a very short time previous to the prorogation of Parliament . The right hon . gentlemen opposite at that period studiously avoided to make any communication on that subject to this house . They had determined to apply to their own credit , all the glory and advantage , which the cause of Europe may derive from their co-operation with the Spanish people . They , and they alone , were aware of the wishes and objects of that nation ; all that was known was known by them ; all that was done , was done by them ; all that was advised was advised by them . When , therefore , the Spanish nation undertook to resist the power and usurpation of France , and when the government of this country had determined to co-operate in that effort , the natural course of duty was to decide on the system best calculated to insure the important object . It will not be denied that the maturest reflection was necessary , and that this country , in the application of its means , should not take any precipitate steps . We had to recollect , that if Spain was successful in its struggle , such an event would not only , in its immediate 43 effects , prove highly beneficial , both to them and Great Britain , but that the relative power of France would have been considerably diminished . Had we succeeded ! in placing upon the throne of Spain , a prince hostile to the present dynasty of France , and friendly to this country for its services in its cause , the designs of France against the peace and independance of Europe would have vanished into air.—When , therefore , such consequences hinged upon the decision of our counsels , I can , without fear of contradiction , assume , that in our system of co-operation , ministers should have been comprehensive in their views , and energetic in carrying them into execution . The most prominent object for their consideration , we should suppose , was the nature of the warfare which was most likely to be successfully carried on by the Spanish people : Whether it was to be conducted in the field , according to the modern system of military tactics in Europe , or whether it was to be considered as a kind of desultory attack by the host of the Spanish population , supplied by Great Britain with arms and military equipments , throughout every province of that peninsula . This mode of warfare has been recommended by the advantages which it affords an armed population , favoured by a mountainous country , capable of enduring the severest privations , and of profiting by every incident to harass the enemy against which it is opposed . When such a