But , as he was aware that this misrepresentation was altogether unintentional , he had not felt sore on the subject . agreed with what had fallen from the right hon . gent , except in so far as he seemed to consider the pressure upon any particular member as the measure of punishment . A member might feel himself severely aggrieved , and from a proper sense of his own dignity , propose a severe punishment , when the house might see reason to dispose of the matter in a very different way . The person who made the misrepresentation might be wholly unconscious that he did so , and might have no idea of the mischief that might result from it ; but , at the same time , had it been thought fit to call the parties to the bar , and to have them such reprimand as the nature of the case might require , he did not see that the parties themselves would have had any right to complain . This , he believed , would not injure the liberty of the press , for which none could be a more strenuous advocate than he was . lie , however , thought the course at present proposed perfectly proper , and fully agreed , that while tile publication of the proceedings of the house were connived at , and he hoped it would always be connived at , unintentional mistakes ought to meet with indulgence . thought that the liberty of the press had of lute been carried to such lengths , and the misrepresentations of the proceedings in that house , both collectively and individually , had for some time been so frequent , that it was time for the house to come to some understanding on the 808 subject . He regretted that he was not in the house when this business was introduced ; but from what he understood , he agreed with the last hon . gent , in thinking that the printer ought to be brought to the bar to answer for his conduct . As to the liberty of the press , he himself had been bred up in principles which taught him to view it as the palladium of British liberty ; but he thought that from a laxity of discipline in the exercise of that liberty , of late so much licentiousness had crept in , as to call for some effectual check to its progress . He did not feel a wish to introduce any new law or statute on the subject , but merely a vigilant exercise of the laws already in existence . As to the encroachments which had been made upon the privileges of that house by the publication of its proceedings , he was not one of those who wished for any rigorous exertion of their powers in that respect ; but he thought , at least , that those who took upon them to infringe those privileges , by publishing the proceedings of the house , should be responsible for their misrepresentations , whether intention . or otherwise . The rules of the house ought not to be violated : trivial mistakes might be passed over , because , otherwise , inquiries would be endless ; but where such serious complaints as the present were made , he thought the printer should be called to the bar and punished . rose , and said he could not agree with the principle laid down by the right hon . gent , who spoke last , of acting with rigour in the case of an unintentional misrepresentation of what had passed in that house . The mischief arising from such errors was nothing in comparison with the good which the country derived from the publication of the substance of what was spoken by members within those walls . This was not the first time of late that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had expressed his disapprobation of the licentiousness of the press ; but before the right hon . gent , complained of that licentiousness , in respect