, and consistently , with the opinion he then entertained , he was bound to oppose the present measure . On the former occasion the noble lord expressly stated , that it was a measure only to be resorted to upon an extraordinary emergency , and not to be looked to as a general system for supplying the army . Now , it appeared that it was to be adopted as a regular system for supplying the army ; and the principle upon which these bills went , was nothing less than raising the regular army by a conscription on the people of this country . He was glad to hear what had fallen from the hon . bart . upon the subject , because , certainly , the hon . bart . could not be actuated by any party feeling in his opposition to the measure.Af- 164 ter the disasters which had been sustained , he asked , whether even the noble lord could mean to send another expedition to Spain to turn back the tide of success of Bonaparte 's army ? Or did he mean to send another expedition to Sweden , to return as the last did , the ridicule of the world ? He hoped , however , that if another expedition was sent to Sweden , it would not be a hostile expedition against that country . He thought it absolutely necessary for that house , as representatives of the nation , to make a substantial inquiry into the conduct of the last campaign in Portugal , into the expedition to Sweden , and into the conduct of ministers with respect to Spain , before they should agree to the measure . He could not see why the noble lord wanted more disposable troops , or to what part of the world he could send them , with advantage to the country . He considered that in the present situation of affairs in Europe there was no point to which an expedition could be sent , and consequently that , instead of sending large armies to foreign countries , we ought to shut ourselves up within ourselves , and think of that description of force which would be most useful in the . defence of our own country . Such being his view of the true policy of the country , he felt it his duty to express his opinion upon the present occasion ; and he could not consent to increase the burdens of the country , for the sake of putting a large disposable force in the hands of his majesty 's present ministers . rose merely to one point , and that he considered of so much importance that he should feel he had not done his duty if he omitted to mention the subject . He had listened with attention to the speech of the noble lord , and was sorry that a proposition which he had suggested in a former session , made no part of it . He was of opinion that greater reliance should be placed on the service of the militia for the defence of the country . The country treated them as well as the regular troops , and in some instances better , as it made a better allowance for their wives and children . The militia , therefore , owed a debt to the country of making their services as efficacious as possible . He wished that , instead of allowing the militia to enter into the regular army , they should be allowed to extend their services generally to every part of the United Kingdom Since the Union the militia laws appeared to him anomalous ; and his 165 conviction was , that the greatest advantage would result from making the force for home defence in both countries mutually applicable in any exigency . After enumerating some of the benefits that would flow from the adoption of his suggestion , and obviating some objections that might be made to it , the hon . gent . stated that the interchange of the militia of the two countries might be restricted , to