reaped at the proper periods—whether he was to be employed as the avenger of our wrongs , or the protector of other countries from violence and oppression . With the experience which sir A. Wellesley had acquired , with the prompt courage and coolness for which he was distinguished , what might not be expected from that patriotic ardour , that firm decision , and that calm intrepidity , by which the gallant officer in question had ever been so eminently distinguished , when proper occasions offered for calling them forth ? He hoped 149 that no extraneous matter would be introduced into this discussion , however much it might be regretted that the expected consequences had not resulted from this victory . said , that disagreeable as the task was , he must dissent from the motion ; and he would , as shortly as possible , explain his reasons for so doing . The noble lord had said he was not actuated by any partiality in bringing forward the motion ; and he hoped it was unnecessary for him to add , that he was not moved by any feelings of hostility to the gallant general in question in making the objections to the motion to which his duty impelled him . It had , as he understood , always been held , that the thanks of that house should not be voted without the most striking proof of some superior valour and achievement , or that some good consequence highly beneficial to the interests of the country , had ensued . He was willing to admit all the merit of courage and gallantry which attached to the character of sir A. Wellesley , and also the enthusiasm of the army towards him : but he could not see that it had been productive of any such good consequences as , in his opinion , ought to have resulted from it . He admitted the truth of the noble lord 's statement as to the enthusiasm of the country when the news first arrived ; but he believed that enthusiasm had subsided , and a very different opinion had since become general as to the result of the battle alluded to . The noble lord had said the French were superior in numbers , but he was of a contrary opinion . It appeared from the dispatches , that the French army amounted to 12 or 14,000 men ; the British army consisted of from 14 to 16,000 men , besides 1,200 Portuguese troops . By the report of the officers of the Court of Inquiry , which had sat on the results of that battle , it appeared that they could not blame sir H. Burrard for objecting to the advance of our forces . The immediate consequences of that objection were the Armistice and the Convention , of which or of some parts of which , the house had recently been informed , his majesty had expressed a formal disapprobation . Neither of the victories , therefore , appeared to him to deserve the thanks of the house.—Another objection in his mind was , that no mention was made in the vote of the name of sir H. Burrard , to whom he thought great praise was due for the partite had acted , and which it was owned 150 by the noble lord he deserved , for his conduct on that occasion . From all these circumstances , he objected to the Vote of Thanks for the Battle of Vimiera , as he did not think it of that brilliant description to demand a Vote of Thanks , and it fell short of those good consequences which ought to have resulted from it ; but on the contrary , the whole of the expedition had ended in a manner that was disgraceful to the country . concurred in the motion . He gave the noble lord behind him credit when he said , that he had no personal hostility to sir A. Wellesley ; but he differed from him widely in opinion on this subject ; for he believed that this victory possessed all the