price , and transports were to be obtained in abundance . He wished , however , to notice the important services to which these transports were eventually applied : `` why truly , '' said his lordship , `` they were at last employed to convey the rascally ruffians whom Junot commanded to that part of France which was nearest the boundaries of Spain , that they might , as speedily as possible , be again brought into action with more effect against our own soldiers . So that those devils , '' added his lordship , '' are at this moment harassing the rear of our retreating army '' . The impolicy of sending British troops to Portugal he always disapproved ; but the result of the war there he was disgusted with : and then the delay that prevailed before we sent a man from thence towards Spain was disgraceful . In fact it would seem as if ministers had not even a geographic knowledge of the country through which they were to pass , insomuch that they ought to go again to school , to make themselves masters of it . But their ignorance of that species of knowledge , one would suppose was official ; for a `` Heaven-born Minister '' , just after he first came into power , asked whether Port Mahon was in Europe or not ? and the persons at present in power manifested just the same local ignorance , when they sent an army to traverse a wild and inhospitable country , at the very commencement of the rainy season , to be overwhelmed with disease as well as fatigue . So little confidence did he place in these men , that he was decidedly of opinion , that unless they were removed , the country would be lost . The Convention of Cintra could not be considered , without feeling sentiments of alarm as well as indignation , rising in the mind ; the more especially when he observed the cold-blooded treaty , that gave up a contest with the ships of an enemy , upon a compromise so unworthy the nation 's character There was a time when such old-fashioned words as `` sink , burn , and destroy '' , were understood and exercised : but now we are to negotiate to be ships ' husbands , and we take possession by bargain and barter , instead of by battles , by bravery , and by 8 balls ; we are to hold ships in trust by contract , and not in right by conquest . We had Princes of the Blood , all of whom are bred to arms ; why , he asked , were not some of these illustrious personages employed to lead our armies ; they had made the science of war their study from their childhood ? If they were not to be employed , he was at a loss to ascertain for what purpose they were bred to arms . There was a distinguished person near him ( earl Moira ) who had the confidence of the people , who had the love of the soldiery , and who possessed the esteem of his majesty : why was not such a person as that nobleman employed ? The reason was evident— it was because management prevented it . But was it to be supposed that because a Court of Enquiry had deemed no further investigation necessary , that therefore there ought to be no investigation ? Whenever he looked at the terms of the Convention ; whenever he reflected on the decision of that court , he could not avoid exclaiming , that the decision so announced was a blot upon the country . Whenever he heard of Councils of War being called , he always considered them as cloaks for cowardice ; so said the brave Boscawen , and from him he imbibed the sentiment which time and experience had completely confirmed . At Vimiera we gained a victory , and in the moment that our soldiers were flushed with conquest , recourse was had to a council of war :