to be able to go into his case against his royal highness the duke of York , relative to the exchange of major Knight and lieut . col. Brooke , with the witnesses at present in London . If he should not , he trusted the house would indulge him with some further 207 time , and for the attendance of these officers , the former of whom he understood to be at present in Jersey or Guernsey . He trusted , too , that he should be allowed to call for all official and other documents , which might be necessary to make out his case.—The following witnesses were ordered to attended the committee of the whole house to-morrow : viz . Dr. Thynne , Robert Knight , esq . Mary Ann Clarke , Westbourne-place , Sloane-square ; and lieut . col. Brooke , 5th Dragoon Guards . It was also ordered , that R. M. Biddulph , esq . be desired to attend in his place tomorrow , and that the Banking Books of the house of Biddulph and Co. for the month of July 1805 , be produced . pursuant to notice , moved for , and obtained leave to bring in a Bill for extending the provisions of the 32d Geo . 2 , to Debtors confined for Equity Debts . The hon . and learned member stated , that there was no difference in reality between legal and equity debts , but in the mode of recovery , as Equity Courts imprisoned the parties not for debts , but for contempt ; and yet , by some , unaccountable omission , the provisions of this , humane act , commonly called the Lords Act , had never yet been extended to Equity Debtors . On these grounds leave was given to bring in a Bill to extend the provisions of the Act to persons in custody for non-payment of money pursuant to orders of Courts of Equity . adverted to the subject of certain contracts of a former year , for supplying the army with great coats , which was brought into discussion towards the close of the last session , by an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Wardle ) , and rose now for the purpose of moving that there be laid before the house the copy of a letter of the 29th of June , 1808 , addressed by Messrs. Pearse and Co. army clothiers , to h. r. h. the commander in chief , the production of which he was confident would vindicate the conduct and character of those respectable persons from the obloquy which had been thrown upon them by the hon . 208 gent . and prove that the statements on which that hon . gent , had founded his motion were completely erroneous . Indeed , he had hoped that the hon . member himself , now that he was apprized of the circumstance , would have been forward to acknowledge his error , and do justice to the characters and feelings of those gentlemen , for the injury they had sustained from his statements . He moved for the letter above stated . said , he felt himself taken by surprise in this motion of the hon . gent . He however felt confident , that the letter in question , so far from exculpating the conduct of those persons , would render it still blacker ; as he could prove , that they had no scruple in falsifying upon one page of their books , when it served their purpose , that which they asserted on another , and that the public suffered great injury from their conduct.— After some further conversation the motion was withdrawn . wished to ask the noble lord opposite , whether there was any probability , that the public would be gratified with the publication of any part of sir John Moore 's dispatches . From what fell from the noble lord on a preceding evening , he was taught to expect there would be no objection to publish certain parts of these dispatches . He had looked with great