. If the 994 noble lord had moved for the letters , no objection would have been made to his motion ; and what right had the noble lord to suppose the motive of the learned gent . in calling for them different from that which would have actuated himself ? He agreed , however , that it would not be desirable to place the letters upon the Minutes , already swelled to an inconvenient bulk , unless they should bear upon the subject of inquiry . Upon this ground , he would submit it to the learned gent . to . withdraw his question ; but if he was disposed to insist upon it , he saw no reason on which the Committee could reject it . stated , that the witness had already declared in evidence , that in no one of the love letters was there any mention of military or ecclesiastical preferments . observed , that the object , of his question had been misunderstood . It was not his wish to have all or any of the letters produced . It would be . recollected that the witness had been assisted in preparing the papers for this investigation ; and the object of his question was , to discover in whose hands the letters were , with a view to come at some information respecting the person who assisted her , and the nature and circumstances of that assistance . He should therefore not press his question . thought the witness had said , that all the love letters were either in her own or her mother 's possession . thought , that as the witness had stated , that the letters did not contain , any thing relating to military promotions or ecclesiastical preferments , their production was unnecessary ; otherwise , he should have had no objection to the question . wished the learned gent . to withdraw his question . As to the object stated by the learned gent. , for which , he had put his question , namely , to discover who had assisted the witness in preparing the papers for the Committee , he should only observe , that , if it was the case , it would be quite natural , that the person conducting this investigation should have looked over the papers which might bear upon it . He had stated this only to shew that the Committee did not acquiesce in the inferences to be drawn from the learned member 's statement of his object , that blame was imputable any where . stated his wish to procure the fullest information on this subject , in order to trace the conduct of that officer ab initio . vindicated the character of gen. Clavering from any improper insinuations . He did hope , that a long and honourable life in the service of his country , would not be aspersed without the fullest proof of what he conceived could not be substantiated . objected to this course of examination : whether she knew or not , that her father went by the name of Chance , was , he contended , of little consequence . He protested against any attempts to endeavour to draw the witness into contradictions . agreed that it was not very material to the inquiry before the Committee ; but would it not go to affect the credit of the witness , if it appeared her father never went by the name of Taylor , but always by the name of Chance ? said it was competent for the learned gentleman to call evidence to contradict the witness , but he would maintain that any temporary change in her father 's name , arising from embarrassment or other circumstances , could not affect the witness 's credit . The questions pressed upon her on this and her former examination appeared to be very severe . put it to the house how far the credit of the witness was to he affected by this circumstance . She felt on the occasion as any one might feel . It was natural that she should feel