gentlemen opposite would find them ready to state , without colour or disguise , the sentiments they entertained upon a transaction that had disappointed the hopes of the nation . The right hon . secretary then congratulated the house upon the temper with which the campaign in that house had commenced , and concluded by observing , that if it should be continued in the same spirit , it would be most conducive to the progress of public business and national interests . I can not help doubting the sincerity of that congratulation of the right hon . gentleman on the moderation of his opponents this night , but I hope that will not be any inducement to gentlemen to give up any points which are necessary to be discussed . I totally deny that my right 79 hon , friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) said , `` that ministers were to-night put upon their trial '' but as the right hon . gentleman seems to think that they ought to be put upon their trial , I have no objection so to take it : but he seemed also to be conscious that in that event he was to be brought before a jury of his own packing , or he would not have been so pleasant on many of the topics which he touched , grave and even awful as some of them were . Whenever that right hon . gentleman rises in his place , the muscles of the House relax , and the smiles of the surrounding members attest the expectation they entertain of being amused by the jokes of that right hon . gent . I too might employ some jokes if I could think it decent to treat the grave , awful , and important subject under consideration with such levity ; but that , unfortunately , as I have not the reputation of a wag , my jests would be lost on the House . The right hon . gentleman has applied some of his pleasantry upon the sources whence my right hon . friend has taken his arguments ; but wherever my right hon . friend has found his information , whether he has taken it from the newspaper or from pamphlets , I trust he will not discontinue the practice whilst he can make it the foundation of such an unanswerable argument . The right hon . gentleman has insisted that the course which the government of this country has taken , with regard to the affairs of Spain , was correct ; for that we could not proceed to afford efficient assistance to Spain in the first instance , because there was in Spain no supreme government or authority , with which the government of this country could have any connection . Here the right hon . gentleman found fault with my right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , much more than he was justified in doing ; for , although in point of strictness , there might not at that time have been in Spain a Supreme Junta , yet we know that the Junta of Seville had , in conformity with antient usage , assumed the supreme government of Spain ; and we also know that the general understanding in Spain is , and always has been , that Seville is the Central or Supreme Government of Spain on all occasions , when Madrid , the capital of the kingdom , is in the power of the enemy , and so I believe it was stated by general Spencer in one of his dispatches . But the right hon . gentleman insists , that it was improper to send troops into Spain until the Spanish nation had formed a central government 80 or Supreme Junta ; and , that no army of ours could co-operate with them until a regular government was established ; that our army ( as he stated to the Spanish deputies ) could not be permitted to be frittered away in divisions , but must act in one collective mass , under a commander of its own—that no Central or Supreme Junta