it was not unlikely she might remain in confinement till next Friday . She had already , too , had ample time to have made any communication with the last witness but one ; 437 and the first question the right hon . gent . should have asked her would have been , had she had any conversation with Mr. Dowler since he had been examined ? The right hon . gent . thought that the measure of her commitment would be harsh and unreasonable . produced the note he had received from Mrs. C. , before she bad entered the doors of the house that evening , which ran as follows ; — '' Mrs. C. very much wishes to see you , as she feels herself extremely indisposed . '' thought that a communication between the witnesses might have taken place , and that it was absolutely necessary to examine Mrs. C. that evening . said , that in a cause of so great importance , and in the conduct of which the eyes of the nation were fixed on the committee , the committee ought to be guided by their soundest discretion , and that that discretion ought to take into consideration , in a proper degree , the public opinion . If the evidence of the witness in question ought not to be influenced by communications with other witnesses , so it ought not to be given under a state of mind , to the productions of which she might afterwards object . The committee were therefore in this dilemma ; and as they could not accomplish their desire of preserving her from communication , the hon . and learned member thought that the committee had better postpone her examination , and allow the fact of her intercourse with other witnesses , to go to her general credit ; and it would affect the whole of her testimony . agreed with the hon . and learned gent , as to the difficulty under which the committee laboured ; but thought that one or two questions , as to the fact of her communication with other witnesses , might still be asked her tonight ; and these might be made so-short as not to affect the most delicate state of health and spirits . If these questions were not put now , the committee would recollect there were other modes than personal communication , through which the witness might learn the procedings of the house . conceived that the house would best consult its dignity , by allowing the hon . member to pursue the course of proceeding which he had a right to act upon . But even though it was unwilling to accede to such a principle , he begged leave to ask the house whether a female , in attendance for eight hours , and of course 438 suffering much suspence , had not some claim upon the generous feelings of the house , without any reference to the immediate person to whom that feeling was extended ? To speak , under such circumstances , of committing Mrs. C , he trusted would not meet the support of many in that house . ( Hear , hear ! ) deprecated any such seventy ; at the same time , he was alive to the necessity of putting certain questions to Mrs. C. , relative to any communication which she might have received from any of the witnesses examined that night . He still thought that a more preferable method might be pursued , to which on any side he could see no objection . Namely , that Mr. Dowler should be called in and examined.—Accordingly , called the attention of the house to the evils resulting from the present 439 mode of process in actions for debt , and briefly repealed the substance of the observations which he had so frequently submitted to their lordships on this subject . He did not wish to put an end to arrests in mesne process , but he thought the old practice should be revived , of making the plaintiff give a real pledge to prosecute his