interest of England , as any that has ever been agitated in this house . If I had given no notice whatever of the discussion , the considerations I have mentioned must serve peculiarly and immediately to call your attention to the question . When the Spanish insurrection , as it has been called , I mean the resistance of the Spanish nation to the attempts of France to subjugate that people , was known in this country , the minds of all men were engaged in contemplating its character , and a prospect seemed to present itself , that means might arise out of it calculated to serve Spain , to serve this country , and to serve the world , by making a stand against the immensely growing power of France . Such an event naturally attracted the consideration , and excited the interest of all classes of the community . It called , in a most particular manner , for the attention and inquiry of those by whom our government was administered , and never perhaps did any government , upon any occasion , meet with a more general and unfeigned desire on the part of the people to second that course which it might be found expedient to pursue in aid of the Spanish cause . All power and all principle seemed devoted to that object . The feelings of the public ran before the wishes of the minister . He had only to command , and 1058 every Englishman was forward to obey . If consulted one by one , there was universally to be found a disposition to sacrifice , a resolution to act , and a promptitude to determine in favour of the Spanish insurgents . Ministers had only to consider , and inquire as to the best means of directing and rendering effective this ardent and unanimous feeling . With them it rested to consider the nature and tendency of the insurrection , and in what manner it was possible to promote its object . With them it rested—to them the duty , in a most imperative manner , belonged , of examining the state of Spain , and of ascertaining how far it was practicable , with the resources they possessed , to give effectual assistance to that country . The circumstances of England and of Europe forcibly demanded this examination ; because it must have been felt , that upon their interference would depend the most important consequences—either the depression , or the aggrandizement of the power of France . All the great powers of the continent were at the time in a state of comparative humiliation , owing to the inordinate power and over-bearing influence and authority of the enemy . England alone was still able to defy his power ; and it most materially behoved those to whose direction the resources of England were committed , to take care at least that they should be so employed , that , if the termination of the contest should be disadvantageous to Spain , it should not risk the character or endanger the safety of England , as upon that safety rested the fate of the world . In this country alone was to be found the power , the spirit , and the determination to maintain resistance to France . Austria having been plunged into the third Coalition , against the opinion of its ablest advisers , was merely struggling to preserve the strength which her conqueror and our enemy had permitted to survive his victories , Prussia subsisted upon his courtesy , and Russia had embraced his counsels . No where did an army present itself that was not acting under his standard , or inactive through a dread of his attack . The world was divided between England and France , all the powers of the continent being the vassals or the allies of the enemy . Under such circumstances a spirit of resistance was displayed in that country , where least of all it was to be expected . In that country which had for a series of years been the active ally , or submissive