pursue the French was dangerous , if not impracticable ; and as to the junction of sir John Moore , our army did not derive any reinforcement of cavalry from that junction which could enable it , with effect , to pursue the French , who were so much superior in that description of force , particularly after passing Torres Vedras , where the country becomes more open ; so that the want of cavalry to support our infantry , and with artillery to act with it , produced the unfortunate result of this expedition.—But there was another reason which induced them all to act as they did , which was , that no other object had been communicated to them by the noble lord but that of reducing the French , and driving them from Portugal . Such had been the communication to generals Burrard and Dalrymple ; though none had been made to sir A. Wellesley to that effect . Although sir Arthur , previous to his leaving Ireland , had constant communications with the noble lord , yet they were not of such a nature as afforded him any light , with regard to the noble lord 's objects . It appears that the gallant general was in want of every thing necessary to enable him to act with the decision becoming a general officer , entrusted with such an ex- 913 pedition . First , and most materially , he was in want of sufficiently precise instructions , lie was in want of cavalry and artillery-horses , and to these deficiencies was to be attributed the conclusion of the Armistice , that fatal and ever-to-be-regretted Armistice , which , let it be ever remembered , transferred to Spain an army that had been locked up in Portugal , which had released that army , and carried it to ports so near the Pyrenees , that before the end of the campaign it was found on the theatre of war , acting hostiley against Spain . Looking , therefore , to that as the principal object of our possession of Portugal , I apprehend that no consideration of releasing our own army with a view to its assisting Spain , could justify the Armistice which set at liberty the army of general Junot ; because , when the British army marched into Spain , it could only keep in check an army equal in number to that which it had kept in check in Portugal . The honour of the military character , says sir C. Cotton , who looked on as a spectator , was concerned in a Convention , by which a French army , twice beaten , was set at liberty when there were 30,000 Englishmen in the field . Whatever may have been the causes of that Convention , this house can not do otherwise than , in conformity with the opinion expressed by his majesty and the whole country , declare it to be a Convention which has disappointed the hopes and expectations of the nation . But the house , I think , ought not to stop here . It is fit it should expressly state , that the Convention itself arose out of the inadequacy of the equipments of the army , the want of necessary information , the want of cavalry , the want of artillery horses , and the want of sufficient instructions to the commanders . I think , then , that the house can not help following up the Resolution . I shall propose , first that it is the opinion of this house , that this Convention has disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country , and this I mean to follow up with another Resolution , expressing , that to the misconduct of his majesty 's ministers the failure of the expedition is in a great measure to be attributed.—There is one part of the case upon which it will not be necessary to detain the house at any length ; I mean the maritime Convention . I have said , that one object , which led our army to Portugal , was