atrocious usurpation . By charactering the Spanish nation as Insurgents , who were supporting the legitimate monarchy of the country , it must be clear , at least negatively , that the brother of Bonaparte was to be held out as the lawful and rightful king . He could not have conceived it possible , had it not been for the intimation on a former evening , that any objection could have been made to the expression of the determination of his majesty 's government to support the Spanish nation , as he believed there was scarcely a man in the country who did not , at the time it was known an Overture was received , think that such an answer ought to have been returned . It was not now the question as to the mode in which Spain ought to have been assisted—that had no relation to the discussion . Those only could object to the expression used who thought that no assistance ought to have been given to Spain , and that she ought to have been left to herself , and he believed there was no man in that house who held that opinion , nor scarcely any one in the country . But , where there were only shades of difference of opinion , with respect to the mode of assisting Spain , there could , surely , be no objection to our giving a distinct pledge of our determination to support generally the cause of that nation . He believed , upon this subject , there was a little difference of opinion in the country , as the people were rather inclined to accuse ministers of having not done enough in Spain , than of having done too much . With respect to the Answer returned to the propositions of France and Russia , he contended , that the honour and character of the country required that the determination to support the Spanish nation 169 should be frankly and decidedly avowed ; a public pledge having been previously given of that determination , and the assistance rendered having been equally public . His lordship concluded by moving an Address to his majesty , thanking his majesty for his most gracious communication , and expressing their approbation of the wisdom and justice of the conduct of his majesty 's government , evinced in the Answer returned to the Overtures from Erfurth , and in the determination expressed of supporting the Spanish government , acting in the name of their legitimate monarch , Ferdinand the VIIth . said , he had hoped that the Address would have been so worded as to have enabled him to have done that which he should have wished to have done , to concur in voting it ; but as it was now drawn up , he was compelled to give it his dissent , as he could not applaud the wisdom and justice of that conduct which he thought neither wise nor just , he was ready to admit , that at the time the Overture was made , there was no prospect of its leading to any practicable negotiation for peace . The Ruler of France had at that time arranged his plans for the achievement of an object the most important to him of any that he had yet in view , that of completely subjugating Spain . A most horrible and atrocious usurpation had been set up in that country , and unfortunately , the Ruler of France possessed the means of carrying his plan into effect ; he went to Spain with a moral certainty of effecting his object , and , no doubt , was sincere in his wish that a large British army might be landed in Spain , he having in his hands the means by which the great object he bad in view might be attained , and which he actually had attained in the course of two months—the subjugation of Spain . With this great object in view , and a moral certainty of attaining it , whilst we , on the other hand , had taken up the