occurred to any one , that the commander was the less deserving of his tribute of praise.—Thus , if their lordships should agree to the amendment proposed by his noble friend , the world would do ample justice , by apportioning to each of the gallant commanders his due share of praise ; to the one for the wisdom of his plans and the gallantry of their execution , and to the other for his magnanimity and good sense displayed in their adoption . Suppose , for instance , during the course of an engagement , an officer , subordinate in command , had the good fortune to perceive , and the skill to embrace , the opportunity of making such a movement as to be productive of signal advantages in deciding the fortune of the day , were their lordships prepared to say that the commander-in-chief should not receive those thanks which the victory deserved ? Upon the subject of the Vote of Thanks to sir H. Burrard , his lordship professed himself at a total loss to conceive what could be the objection to it . Would any noble lord state , that the gallant general himself disclaimed it , or that he had signified his indifference to their approbation ? If such an avowal as this should be made , he for one should rest satisfied , and feel relieved from all embarrassment on the subject . Money , he believed , was an object 110 of desire with most men ; he was sure soldiers and sailors loved to acquire it ; but to them in particular was not praise an object of the most ardent desire ? With respect , therefore , to sir H. Burrard , as it could not be denied that he held the chief command during the engagement of the 2lst August , he would put it to the feelings and honour of their lordships , whether , when he approved and adopted the arrangements previously made he was not entitled to praise ? and whether , as commander-in-chief , he might not , had he thought proper , have disapproved of those arrangements , and have substituted others in their room ? and , therefore , having all the responsibility , whether , he was not eminently entitled to their lordships thanks ? Impressed with these sentiments , he felt himself bound to support the proposed amendment . for the sake of regularity , moved an adjournment of the question , for the purpose of introducing a motion of thanks to sir Harry Burrard . had conceived that the business , as it originally stood , would have been a mere Vote of Thanks , unmixed with other matter , and , as such , not liable to the slightest opposition ; but the amendment proposed by the noble earl had given rise to a question , how far the silence of the Vote of Thanks to sir Arthur Wellesley , with regard to sir Harry Burrard , tended to stigmatise the latter ? His lordship declared that if it had the slightest tendency in his mind to any such conclusion , he would be the last man to agree to it . But he would ask , did it do so , when it must be acknowledged , on all hands , that the services of the latter were at all events less brilliant than those of the former ? A noble and learned lord had declared he was wholly unacquainted with sir Harry Burrard ; but his lordship knew him well , and also his sentiments on the subject ; and he knew that the gallant general utterly disclaimed all right to thanks which he felt he had not earned . Their lordships had heard of the Court of Inquiry , and the sentiments arising thereon ; but the proceedings of that court were not before their lordships , and they could form no opinion therefrom ; but there was a document which their lordships were bound to know , and that was the Gazettes . What did they say ? In them sir Harry declares he saw