whom we have to contend . rose and spoke nearly as follows : It . could not but be imagined , my lords , that there were parts of the Address in which it was impossible for me to concur , but I most willingly gave way to other lords who wished to deliver their sentiments . It was the constant practice , until the present administration came into office , to refrain both in the Speech and the Address from calling upon parliament , to deliver any decided opinion approving of past measures , the documents relating to which were not in the possession of the House , or expressing a determination to support any future system , the details of which had not been communicated . We are now , on the contrary , called upon to express our decided approbation , not only of past measures , but of a future system of which no explanation is given . Surely , it must be deemed incumbent upon minis- 12 ters to make some statement to your lordships , to give some explanation of the events which have passed , and of the system which it is determined to pursue . As it is , I must enter my decided protest against certain parts of the Address which your lordships are now called upon to vote , and which go to pledge this House , in approbation of a system , of which I , for one , can not approve—My lords , with respect to Spain , it would be an idle waste of your lordships ' time and patience for me to declare my opinion as to the nature of the contest in that country . Of the base and treacherous , the atrocious and cruel invasion of the independence of the . Spanish people , there is but one opinion in the country , but one opinion as to the cause in which they were fighting , against the tyrant who unjustly and cruelly attacked them . I have not , however , my lords , ever wished to conceal my opinion , with respect to the policy of sending a British army to Spain . I do not mean to say , that there might not be circumstances under which it might be advisable and expedient to send British troops into Spain ; but I mean to assert that , during last summer , there was no prospect that ought to have induced any reasonable men to send a British army into the interior of Spain . I am anxious not to be misunderstood upon this point . I do not mean to apply my observation to naval co-operation , to the mode of sending fleets with troops on board to annoy particular parts of the coast , to keep the enemy in a constant state of alarm , and obtain partial advantages which may be of essential service . I confine myself to the policy of sending a British army into the interior of Spain , and I contend , that there was not that prospect which ought to have induced reasonable men to have so sent an army . Nor were there any circumstances which could justify the sending a British army , large , it is true , as a British army , but small , as an army acting on the continent , to meet the whole disposable force of France , without having any of the great powers of Europe as our auxiliaries . With the Pyrenees unlocked , and the road between Paris and Madrid as open as that between Paris and Antwerp , there was nothing which could justify our sending into the interior of Spain thirty or forty thousand British men to meet an army of 500,000 . I can only compare such a measure to the far-famed march to Paris , to which it is fully equal in wildness and absurdity . It is perfectly clear 13 that it must rest with the Spanish people themselves to maintain their independence , and that without that spirit amongst themselves no army that we could send would