by the temporary measure which was then , upon other and independent grounds , adopted . He owed it to the house to say , as others had done , that the result to the colonial trade had been greatly and critically beneficial . His hon . friends who had given their opposition to that measure upon principles good and sound , but admitting of exception ( and the house and the country had judged it right to interpose such exception ) would , he was persuaded , hear this acknowledgment with pleasure . Indeed , their objections lay against the precedent chiefly , and against the continuance of the restriction , under present circumstances , they appeared to have little to urge.—Of the bill now before the house , he wished to speak with parliamentary freedom ; it was a compound of materials so contrived as to neutralise each other , a series of positive and negative quantities , plus and minus , minus and plus , that , when you come to count them altogether , amounted to just nothing . It professed to aim at the œconomy of grain , and it was plain enough that the empire in general stood in need of such œconomy ; but this measure would directly stimulate an extra consumption of grain in one part , and to that part grain might be sent from every other part of the empire ; we dread the evil , and yet appoint for it a legitimate existence ; in Great Britain we must not manufacture spirits from grain , but we know they will be corrected there , and we permit them to be made in Ireland , where we are told that illegal traffic reigns without controul . If we could , by art and ingenuity , produce from sugar a spirit which might prove popular in Ireland , thither we can not send it ; but grain we may , and grain , even at excessive prices , they will take from us , because the best grain is most profitable in distillation . Of all the descriptions of grain , it is of oats that we most apprehend a scarcity . Oats 1130 are what Ireland can best supply , and yet oats are what she is most apt , and is now to be encouraged to distil . These were extraordinary circumstances to be found together in one measure , and demanded some better explanation than had yet been afforded to the house.—No one denied that , in the Act of Union , there existed provisions which , for the benefit of both parts of the empire , ought to be revised and altered . But it was one thing to interpose a temporary interruption of the intercourse with a view to remove those inequalities , and quite another to shew , as this bill would shew , that we are not in fact an united empire , that our interests are essentially distinct , and that one uniform law will not suit us . Surely this was the happy moment for impressing on both parts of the empire the benefits of the Union . Upon England , by proving teller in an hour of alarm and anxiety for food , ( the Continent and America still shut against her , ) the advantage of her Irish granary . Upon Ireland , by extending , even to her most remote and unfrequented markets , the benefits so much wanted of English demand and English capital . These advantages , however , were to be slighted ; the price of grain in Ireland was to be sustained by expedients of a more narrow and selfish character , and the cultivator taught stupidly to intoxicate himself with his produce , even on the field where it was grown , rather than feed the sister country with it , and thereby enrich and support both . Such a measure he could have expected from no one but from a systematic and bitter enemy of the very principle of the Union.—In reply to these considerations , the only argument he had heard was