much of that time that was wanting for other important business , yet it would be better to suffer that inconvenience than suffer calumnies to rest upon persons in the most distinguished and important public situations . He thought the house and the country should feel indebted to the hon . gent . who brought this matter forward , as it was reducing those charges which had been so often made , into a tangible shape and a form , upon which a regular decision might be had . It should be recollected , however , that every charge which had hitherto been made in that house against any part of the conduct of the duke of York , had only tended to raise h. r. h. higher in the estimation of the public , and exhibit in a clearer view the purity of the principles upon which he acted . With respect to the doubt which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) seemed to entertain , of the existence of a systematic conspiracy to traduce and calumniate the duke of York and the other members of the royal family , he should ask who was there that read those news-papers which are daily presented to the public , and those other publications which come before them more indirectly , that could entertain a doubt of this systematic conspiracy ? It was evident , that the same party , who , in times past , endeavoured to subvert all the establishments of the country by force of arms , was now endeavouring to undermine them by calumniating whatever is exalted in rank , or distinguished in situation . That party could not now think of carrying their object by force of arms , as they knew the attempt would be too desperate and dangerous in the present times , but they were unremitting in their exertions to prepare the way to the objects which they hoped to accomplish , by calumniating the members of the royal family and all persons in eminent and distinguished situations . The hon . gent . asked , what were ministers and the law officers doing , or why they did not institute prosecutions ? The fact was , that they had instituted numerous prosecutions ; but their entire time would be taken up in prosecuting the libellers of the duke of York , if every libel was to be prosecuted . There was also one reason which often prevented prosecution . It required but some ingenuity , united with a moderate share of legal knowledge , to render it extremely 203 difficult , to establish the charge of libel . There was another way in which libellers might escape justice . When the law was going to be put in force against them , they shrunk from the laws , and quitted the country In a very remarkable recent case ( that of major Hogan ) , even before the libel issued from the press , the author had secured his passage to America . The house and the duke , of York were now in anew situation , and he congratulated them and the country upon it . There was much more chance of mischief from malignant misrepresentations out of that house , than from direct charges brought in a fair and manly way in that house . As those charges had been so brought , he thought it necessary that they should undergo the most solemn , serious , and public investigation . He thought the greatest possible publicity should be given to this examination , and that every step of it should be in the face of day . He was , therefore , not for leaving it to any select Committee , nor even to the twelve judges , nor to any thing short of that full and open examination , which might be had at the bar of that house . He therefore trusted the house would adopt that course . After a few observations from Mr. Wardle , it was resolved that the house should on Wednesday next resolve itself into that Committee . then