hesitation is felt . Whether any previous information had been received of the state of the French army in Portugal , I know not ; nor whether it had been stated how the army , which had amounted originally to 20,000 men , was diminished to 4,000 , I believe no such information had been received , though there was not a country in Europe of the state of which every statesman , and every merchant in this country , was more informed than the friendly country of Portugal . Upon this information of sir Charles Cotton , however , it is thought fit to set out upon the expedition to Portugal . The information was found to be false . Lisbon and the other fortresses of Portugal were discovered to be occupied in a way which reduced the British Commander to the necessity of executing the service , which he had been appointed to , very imperfectly . And this brings me to consider the state of the equipments for the expedition.—Sir A. Wellesley has told you , that although he sailed under these Instructions of the 30th of June , he yet conceived himself to sail with general powers , and liberty to apply his force to any quarter , in which he conceived he might be serviceable to Spain.—One would have thought that , with the latitude allowed to general Wellesley , there being hardly a point on the coast where cavalry would not have been most useful , cavalry would have formed a considerable part of the force under his command . Those who have looked at the papers on the table know there were but 300 cavalry , out of which 200 only were effective.—We have the authority of sir A. Wellesley for saying that there is not a point in which cavalry would not be serviceable , and vet this expedition is set on foot with cavalry only to the amount of 300 . I low far this want of cavalry affected the fate of the expedition , the result has shewn , and to whom is that want attributable ? But , afterwards , when the noble lord had better information as to the French force in Portugal , that instead of 4,000 men , Junot had a force of 20,000 , with a large proportion of cavalry , we shall find the noble lord , if we refer to his Instructions of the 906 15th of July , stating his opinion with respect to cavalry ; the noble lord at the end of that letter states , that a proportion of cavalry will accompany the troops . If gentlemen will turn to the account , they will find the proportion of cavalry that were embarked to have been 700 men ; that the cavalry with sir John Moore 's expedition amounted only to 700 or 800 men , and that there never were more than 1,500 cavalry in Portugal , even including I general Stewart 's expedition , which , in point of fact , did not sail till the 9th of I August , about ten days after sir John Moore 's , and did not arrive at the Tagus , till the month of September ; therefore , the amount of cavalry pointed out by the ! noble lord , as that for which transports would be required , was but 7 or 800.— Now , the house must recollect , that in August 1807 , when there was no hope of making any impression upon the continent ; when no intention of making such an attempt was entertained , and when , of course , there was no occasion to have many transports in readiness , the noble lord felt so much dissatisfaction at the preceding administration 's want of them , that he put a Resolution on the table of the house , declaring , that he had provided transports for 4,000 men ; that there they were ; that they wanted nothing but services . When there were no expeditions going on , then the noble lord was quite at home ; then he had a plentiful