prevailed under the See of Rome , when four different folding doors for different ambassadors to enter at the same time were provided , that one should not complain of the precedence of the others.—I dismiss this subject with one observation , that although for that aggravated and wanton attack upon the Chesapeake , admiral Berkeley was not only not brought to trial , but immediately dispatched on another and delicate command , still we find the secretary of foreign affairs , in that master-piece of diplomacy of the 23d of September , 1808 , finding-fault that no overture was made to repeal an interdiction which was the very effect of this unauthorized and cruel attack of the Leopard on the Chesapeake . The American government could not in the actual state of the transaction make any proposition upon the subject , it was from the British government alone that such a Proposition could with propriety come.—I now proceed to the Orders in Council of the 11th of Nov. ; this disowned child , which seems 1172 to have no father . The gentlemen opposite will probably answer by referring to the Order of the 7th of January preceding . I tell them , that it is they who have raised the superstructure , where no edifice was necessary . But the house must recollect , that at the time I opposed that very Order of the 7th of Jan. as both improper and nugatory , though it had been preceded immediately by the Berlin Decree . In the last session we told you from this side of the house that to contend that America acquiesced in that Decree , was a false and untrue assumption ; that it was false and untrue is now fully proved . It is now proved that on the issuing of that Decree by the Emperor of France , America did all that ; she ought to do in defence of her independent rights , and in answer to a demand for explanation made by general Armstrong , M. Decrét stated that the Berlin Decree was not intended to infringe the treaty of 1800 . She did every thing necessary for her object , without being so foolish and insane as this country has proved itself on this very subject . America took no notice of the idle menace , so long as she felt it ineffectual . She knew the same object had been frequently held out to inveigle her into hostility with either of the Belligerents . But the moment that Decree was put in force against her neutral rights , which was in the case of the Horizon , general Armstrong immediately demanded a full explanation of its intention from the government , and accompanied this demand with a remonstrance against the decision in the case of the Horizon . But such decision could be no motive for the Orders of the 11th of Nov. inasmuch as at the period of their being issued , no such event was known to his majesty 's ministers . What course did the American government pursue , when acquainted with the decision respecting the Horizon ? It immediately ordered its minister at Paris to renew his remonstrance , and at the same time put in force its embargo law against France . Then followed your Orders in Council . It will not now , I believe , be argued , that the American government was not in possession of your Orders in Council , before the embargo against Great Britain was passed into a law . That knowledge it had ; and the immediate consequence was the adoption of the latter measure . But what was the most extraordinary feature in this transaction was , that Mr. Rose , sent out as on a mission of conciliation , after you had 1173 issued these Orders , was totally silent upon them in his various communications with the government for the purpose of adjusting our differences with America . What other feeling could such a circumstance provoke in the breast of any government , when it-learned what had taken place here , but that it