his corps prisoners of war ? On the contrary , are they not lighting against you and your allies at this moment in Spain ? It was this loss of glory , this deplorable neglect of the opportunity to make an indelible impression upon the French themselves , and the Spanish nation , as to the striking superiority of the British army , that were most to be regretted in the unfortunate result of the campaign in 949 Portugal . He was convinced , that the hon . general would not say , that any thing could compensate the loss of so precious an object , and such a golden opportunity . Upon the whole , therefore , he contended , that his majesty 's ministers , from their want of diligence , from the absence of all the ordinary official activity , from their total want of all general plan , and from the blind inconsiderate way , in which they had conducted the whole of the campaign , stood , even upon their own shewing , condemned before their country , and he should consequently feel it his duty to support the motion of his noble friend . considered the proposition of the noble lord not only untenable in itself , but wholly unsupported by the argument of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down . The view which that right hon . gent . had taken of the question fully justified the measures of his majesty 's government The right hon . gent . had acknowledged that if the gallant general near him ( sir Arthur Wellesley ) had , as he so earnestly wished , followed up his plan , and pursued an already discomfited enemy , the result would have been as decisive and as glorious as ever marked the progress of the British arms . He had also staid , that the cause of this not having been the happy consequence , was to be found in the conduct of sir Harry Burrard and sir Hew Dalrymple ; but instead of blaming those , who over-ruled the plans of his gallant friend , the right hon . gent . turned short round , and laid the whole burden upon the shoulders of ministers , because , as he argued , they had an excuse for acting wrong , in not following the advice of sir A. Wellesley ; from the want of cavalry , which was the fault of ministers . How could ministers be blamed for not providing means for carrying a campaign to a satisfactory issue , when in the same breath it was acknowledged , that if the opinion of one general , who commanded in the field of battle , had been followed , it would have terminated so gloriously to the British arms ? That was the species of logic , which the right hon . gent . employed , that the course of argument which he adopted , in order to persuade the house to agree to the two Propositions of the noble lord . For his own part , he had no objection to the first Proposition , which adopted the language of his majesty 's Speech from the throne , and expressed the sentiments of the country ; and he should not give any op- 950 position to it , if it were not to lead to another , which was to cast a censure upon his majesty 's ministers , which he was confident they had not merited . But , it seemed that the right hon . gent . in the course of his reasoning upon the present question , had mistaken all the measures of the existing administration as well as forgotten all the measures of his own . He had also fallaciously contended , that because his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) had said in the preceding year , that he had cavalry transports to the amount of 4,000 tons , that he ought to have had sufficient for the conveyance of cavalry with this expedition . But did not the right hon . gent . know