his majesty 's subjects entertained a contrary feeling upon the transaction . The public displeasure was loud and general ; every patriotic heart felt the stain cast upon his country 's honour ; every tongue uttered the complaint . It did so turn out , too , that the first city in the empire , the city of London , 48 sympathising with the national feeling , approached the throne with their sentiments , and a most vigorous reception they did meet with indeed , ( hear ! hear ! ) The right hon . gentlemen had certainly anticipated a complete triumph over the Lord Mayor and Common Council of London ; but subsequent events proved that his majesty 's citizens could rally . The Corporation tell his Majesty , that they think the Convention disgraceful , dishonorable to the British arms , and injurious to his Majesty 's interests : they call for investigation and the punishment of the guilty . In answer to this application , his Majesty 's ministers advise his Majesty to tell the Citizens of London that their interposition was unnecessary , and that it was inconsistent with British justice to pronounce judgment before investigation . Really , though the gentlemen opposite may think their responses not only wise but oracular , I am at a loss to know what the difference is between British justice , and that justice which , in every variation of time or place , is immutable . Feeling the profoundest respect in every case , in which his Majesty appears to act , I still must say , that his advisers put into his mouth upon that ' occasion , an answer as little congenial to the spirit of the British Constitution , as it was ill suited to the dignity of the throne . Ministers may talk with flippancy themselves , they may pun and epigrammatise , they may sneer , or they may snoutch , —but when unfortunately the king of this country feels it his duty to hint his displeasure to his people , or convey to them a rebuke for their conduct , there ought to be a dignity and decorum observed in the language of reproof from the throne , which would make displeasure more severely be felt by those for whom it was intended . But , Sir , I can easily conceive that ministers might have been a little irascible on receiving that remonstrance , because , notwithstanding the usual complacency of the City of London to their measures , it had within the last year on two important occasions opposed them , first on the Reversion Bill , and latterly on this disgraceful Convention.— The most material considerations , however , are the employment of the British force in Spain , the dilatoriness of those directing it , and their total want of capacity . If it were wise at all to send a British army into Spain , that opportunity has been lost , which appears to have been the only favourable one that presented itself . In 49 giving assistance to the Spaniards , there were , as I before stated , two modes of proceeding . What the opinions of the Spaniards themselves are I profess myself totally ignorant . The fact is , that this ignorance does not proceed from any want of diligence on my part in making inquiries ; but for want of any authentic source from which information could be procured . Did the Spaniards make application for a regular force to be sent into their country , or for money , arms , ammunition , clothing , and all other necessaries to enable them to prosecute the war against such armies as France had the power of pouring into their country ? I ask this question , because if Spain with such assistance could not carry the point of keeping out any fresh reinforcements , there was little probability of preventing that country from being over-run . In investigating this matter we should have considered what was the amount of the disposable force of France . To guide us in regard to this