his examination , in a state of intoxication . understood the course to be pursued by the right hon . gent . to be , that a minute should be made of the state of the witness when he gave his testimony . There could be no objection to such a course , when it was recollected that the witness had been ordered to withdraw from the bar intoxicated , by the motion of an hon . member ( loud laughter . ) He repeated that the witness was intoxicated , and unless the Committee should agree to the entry upon the minutes ( if that circumstance , he should vote for the motion for expunging the whole of that witness 's evidence from the minutes . stated , that though the witness was in a state of intoxication , he had given his evidence in a clear and intelligible manner . stated , that the evidence , if left on the minutes , would speak for itself . acceding to the proposition of the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) begged leave to withdraw his motion . observed that the Committee was in a state in which they ought to decide whether the evidence was or was not to be allowed to 680 remain , without some particular notice , upon the minutes . If the witness was competent to give consistent and satisfactory evidence , he should not have been ordered from the bar whilst under examination by a member ; and if he was in such a state as to require his being removed from the bar , then his evidence ought not to be suffered to remain on the minutes without the entry which he had suggested . contended that it was obvious to every member about the bar , that the witness was in a state of intoxication . In such a state his testimony would not be admitted in any court of justice , and ought not therefore to be admitted in that , the highest judicial tribunal . said , if ever he had known any thing of the rules of evidence , he had lost it since the commencement of this inquiry . It had been said that the witness was drunk , but that he could not observe . The witness had not given as flippant , answers as other witnesses had , who had not been suspected of being drunk . At all events , it was beneath the dignity of the house , whose conduct was now before the country , to take any notice of the circumstance . had attended to the evidence , and the witness did not appear to him to be in a state to preclude him from giving testimony . observed that , if it was the opinion of the Committee that the witness was not intoxicated , he ought not to have been ordered to withdraw before he had been fully examined . either argued , that the witness was drunk , or he was not drunk ; if he was drunk , his evidence ought to be expunged ; if not , he ought to be again examined . as there seemed to be such a variety of opinions on the subject of the state of the witness , thought that the best way would be to have him in again , and thus to give him fair play . said , that if the witness was to be called in again , he should be examined only as to his previous sobriety ; without adverting to what he might have drank since he withdrew . appealed to the Committee , whet her lie was not borne out of his first assertion , and desired his evidence might be read , which was accordingly done , when there was a general cry of `` go on . '' rose and observed with much warmth , that his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) was perfectly in order , that no irregularity whatever was committed , for it was perfectly consistent with the rule of parliamentary