no pacific result , and would only tend to forward the insidious views of the enemy . Even those , who at all times had been the advocates of peace , and recommended the necessity of negotiation , even all those were universally of opinion , that in making the overture , the enemy had no intention but to delude , no object in the proceeding but to profit by that delusion . At that time he and his colleagues had the misfortune , if misfortune it could be called , to differ from the public impression . They felt it their duty , however delusive the overture might appear to be , to endeavour to ascertain , beyond the possibility of doubt , the real intentions of the enemy . If they had suffered any unnecessary time to elapse before they had accomplished that object , he would allow it to have been a practical evil to the country ; but it was an evil counterbalanced by the advantage resulting from shewing , that 212 whilst we were sincere in the desire of peace , the real intention of the enemy was to delude by a hypocritical ostentation of a desire for peace . For one he had thought it his duty , before the overture was rejected , to try to ascertain whether the enemy were really desirous of peace . Many persons at that period were of opinion , from the unexampled atrocity of Bonaparte 's conduct towards Spain , that we would have been justified not only upon every ground of high spirit , but upon every dictate of sound principles , in rejecting every overture from him towards negotiation . Most people thought the withdrawing the French troops from Spain , and a restoration of the legitimate , government in that country , ought to have been made the conditions of entering into any negotiation , or of accepting any overtures . Upon the moral principle , he could not diner from those who entertained that sentiment . But , thinking that political considerations were not always to be controuled by the principles of morality , and that governments had other complicated duties to perform beside what a rigid regard to the abstract rules of morality enjoined ; however atrocious , however violent , or however iniquitous the conduct of Bonaparte might have been , he did not think that this government had any political right to demand atonement as a preliminary to negotiation . There was not in this world an authority that could confer such a right , and consequently , he did not make the demand . He was ready , to allow , however , that if the demand had been made , it would have placed this country upon a high and commanding ground , though he did not deem it wise to to reach that elevation at the expence of any essential interests . However atrocious , therefore , the conduct of Bonaparte , however iniquitously it might have surpassed the atrocity of all his own former examples , his majesty 's ministers did not think it right to demand any conditions from him , but such as by the refusal of them he must place himself at the bar of the European world as the enemy of its repose . They had not made any sacrifice of the hopes of peace by insisting upon conditions , which they had no right to demand , or yielding to popular feeling rather than their sense of public duty . Their impression was to shew , that if there was any chance of peace they were ready to avail themselves of it ; but if , as they foresaw , no such result should follow from the overture , 213 they were determined that the fault should not lie with them , They felt that to demand , as the price of entering into a negotiation , the evacuation of Spain by the Trench , would have been to do that , which it was the business of Spain to do ; it would be to negotiate for her ; to