throw out upon his character . disclaimed the idea of throwing out any imputation against the noble lord . observed that he did not mean the right hon . gent . resumed . He regretted that the charge was not explained , or some of the parties involved in it mentioned , in order that means might he afforded to the accused in due time to meet it , and to prove , if in his power , that it was groundless . thought the observations of the right hon . gentlemen on the Treasury Bench of rather an extraordinary character . An imputation seemed to be thrown out , that it was intended to bring forward a charge in a manner calculated to take the accused by surprise . If any such imputation ( and he was sure it could not ) were meant to attach to his hon . friend , or the noble lord , he was confident it was groundless . But if it were possible for any man to entertain the intention which seemed to have been imputed , that house would defeat it . That house was not so circumscribed in its limits as to precipitate a termination of the inquiry , and refuse the accused a full opportunity of defending himself against any charge that might be brought forward . Athough it was understood that this charge was to close to-morrow night , it did not follow that it should , if it appeared necessary to extend it farther . He had no doubt that the noble lord would do his duty in examining the case referred to ; but whatever the event , he trusted that house would do its duty , and that if an attempt were made from any quarter to withhold justice , such attempt would be baffled . On these grounds , he saw no reason for pressing so much for the statement which the right hon . gent , desired . did not mean to throw out any imputation , but he must say , that he retained his opinion , that the proceeding which formed the subject of the conversation was most unusual and unprecedented . thought it too hard thus to press the hon . mover . He had already brought forward charges against the D. of Y. in which he had confessedly failed , 651 and it was but fair to afford him some time for inquiry and reflection , in order to save him from similar failures . suggested the form of a motion in the Committee , which was a necessary preliminary to the appointment of the Committee for examining the Letters given in by Nicholls . This motion was put and carried . The house resumed ; and it was ordered , on the motion of Mr. Wharton , That a Committee should be appointed to examine the Letters alluded to , and to report to the house such Letters , and such parts of letters , as had any bearing upon the question referred to the consideration of the committee of the whole house . Upon the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the Committee was ordered to consist of the following members , three of whom are to boa quorum , namely , Mr. Wardle , Mr. W. Wynne , Mr. Croker , Mr . Brand , and Mr. Leach . moved that this bill be read a third time , to which he had produced two new clauses ; the one extending the provisions of the bill to the fencible regiments of Royal Miners belonging to the counties of Cornwall and Devonshire ; and the other restraining the operation of the bill , whenever the militia establishment fell as low as two-fifths of the quota provided by the act of 1807 . The noble lord said , that the principle upon which his Bill went , was , that the Militia regiments should not be weakened to less than two-fifths of their numbers , following the regulation laid down in 1807 , nor exceed three-fifths of that number . complained , that the noble lord had