the penal laws on their Statute book . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) had on this occasion furnished him with argument against himself . He had proposed considerable augmentations to the different Charities in Ireland , on account of the en-creased rate of provisions in 1809 more than in 1808 . And with the same breath he proceeded to allow the distillery from corn in Ireland , as if corn in that country instead of rising had fallen in price during the latter year . He concluded by moving that the Report be recommitted for the purpose of introducing a clause , extending the prohibition to Ireland . was ashamed of ministers , for the way in which they had treated this question . Of all weak questions which had been agitated in this house , the present , he thought , was the weakest . If they could not check illicit distillery in Ireland , were they therefore to allow it to go on at full swing ? On the same principle should they allow smuggling to take its course in this country . He was really ashamed of ministers . This seemed to be a question as to which of the two Chancellors of the Exchequer wore the breeches . They were wrong in letting out such private quarrels , which would be better concealed . He did not wish to say any ill of the Irish , but he believed they only wanted catching and taming . By allowing them to carry on illegal distillery , we only made them ten times worse . He advised the Chancellor of the Exchequer of England not to yield too much to the Irish Chancellor ; else he would find him like an amiable female they had seen in that house , Mrs. Clarke ; the more was conceded to him , he would look for so much the more . could not perceive why the prohibition should not be as extensive as it was last year . The prices of corn were as high , the ports of the continent were closely shut . Common sense and the justice of the case demanded that the prohibition should be extended to Ireland . By the act of Union it was declared , that a reciprocity of interests should exist between the two countries ; not that the landed interest of the one country should be upheld at the expence of the other . Wheat was five guineas a quarter ; barley , 2l . Hs . oats , two guineas , the quartern loaf was 14d . Under such circumstances , if corn was as abundant in Ireland as it had been stated to be , he begged for God 's sake that we might have it here . There was great reason to believe that a considerable proportion of the wheat sown last year would be worth nothing . It became , therefore , doubly incumbent upon us to husband our present resources . He denied that , in the measure of the last session , the interests of the West India Merchants had been expressly consulted . The Report of the Committee to investigate the subject had recommended the prohibition of distillation from grain , on the ground of the scarcity of grain , not as a boon to the West India Merchants . As therefore no boon had in that , case been given to the West India Merchants , so 1129 neither was it right to give a boon to the landed interest of Ireland at the expence of the general interests of both countries . said , that the bill , in its present shape , considering the object at which it professed to aim , was indeed of a most extraordinary character : before he stated his opinion concerning it , he begged to say one word of the measure of last year , which did not originate in the distress of the West India commerce , although it would have been folly and affectation not to perceive that the relief of that trade might be in part effected