, as also all the dispatches which had been received from sir John Moore . He had desired not to have given a silent vote on so momentous a question as that before the house ; but he apprehended the effect of provoking the amiable irritability of gentlemen , which at so late an hour , seldom failed to he conspicuous ! stated that the decision was made not in consequence of a letter to Mr. Frere , but in consequence of an intercepted letter to Soult , directing particular movements . in reply , said , he was at a loss to understand what the right hon . gentlemen opposite could mean by the manner in which they had replied to his motion . The motion he had submitted was , That an Inquiry-should be gone into . His motion had nothing to do with the precise mode in which that inquiry should be pursued . The noble carl who had just spoken , appeared to have seen it in its trun light A noble lord had said that the government of Spain considered its salvation to depend upon the appearance of an English army in Spain , and yet he gave no reason for the extraordinary delay in sending that army ; or when it did arrive at Corunna , that that government had given no orders for its landing ! Was this true ? was it possible ? If so , such a government was a curse ! Could the right hon . gent . be serious , could he be rightly informed , or was this a story picked up by chance ? To keep an army waiting 10 or 15 days , what could be expected but defeat and disgrace ? The right hon . gent . had thought proper to pass over his speech in silence , he did not reply to 1119 one of his arguments , or those of his light hon . friend ; he therefore supposed he had prepared his speech , before he heard either what he or his rt . hon . friend had to say . The right hon . gent . had said , he could espouse the cause of the Spaniards although he could not agree with their religious opinions ; and had talked about the Lady of the Pillar . For his part , he could also agree to fight under that Lady 's banners , were she young , though he might not be equally inclined , were she an old dame . But this had nothing to do with the question fur Inquiry . As to the cause of the retreat of sir John Moore , as he was dead , and could not make his own statement , every one who esteemed his memory must be anxious for the inquiry , lest his memory should meet with unmerited reproach . But it had been argued , that the real question was not for inquiry , but whether his majesty 's ministers should be removed . This was not , however , the case . If it should appear upon inquiry that his : majesty 's ministers were not adequate to the situations they filled , then their removal might become a question . The right hon . gent . had said , if the house were desirous to abandon Spain , then remove his majesty 's ministers , for they would never consent to abandon her . But , he would ask , who had said a word about abandoning Spain ? —Mr.Ponsonby then alluded to his having hinted that the Spaniards had refused to admit our troops into Cadiz , and although he had entertained a doubt upon the fact , yet the answer of his majesty 's ministers convinced him he was right . He then denied the charge of either his right hon . friend or himself having spoken disparagingly of the British army ; on the contrary , they had spoken of it in terms of admiration . He concluded by saying , that if ministers were sanctioned , and their counsels approved by the house ,