collect , the aggregate of which would give the Committee some adequate idea of the actual state of the case . Besides what had been expended for the house and furniture , & c. it had been ascertained , by a reference to his royal highness 's banker 's bocks , that a sum of 5,570l . had been paid by drafts for the support of that establishment . He was also authorized to state , that his royal highness had at various times given to Mrs. C. divers additional sums , which he had at present no means of ascertaining , though of considerable amount . No one payment had been paid in Mrs. C. 's name during the whole continuance of her living under the protection of his royal highness . With regard to the drafts upon the banker , that point might be proved by evidence at the bar , or before a select committee if the Committee should be of opinion that it should be gone into : it would appear , from the evidence of the servant who was uniformly employed to take the draft to the bank , and who , when he brought back the money to his royal highness , uniformly waited till his royal highness made it up in packages , or under covers , to be sent by the same servant to Mrs. C. 's house . With respect to the other sums paid by his royal highness on account of that establishment , they could easily be ascertained from the books of the various tradesmen , and other persons who supplied the furniture , jewels , plate , — that had already been so often mentioned in that House , and wine . The whole sum paid from Jan. 1804 to May 1806 , was 16,761l . If the Committee had a wish to go into the question , he was prepared to bring evidence to the bar to prove the statement . ( A cry of No ! No ! ) So far he was authorized to state , and he trusted that it would be a satisfactory answer to the question put to him by an hon . member on a former night , and remove any unfavourable impression that might have arisen from the supposition that only 1,000l . a year was allowed , as stated by the witness at the bar , for the support of the establishment in Gloucester—place . returned thanks to the right hon . gent , for the attention which he had paid to the question put by him on a 827 former night . Every gentleman must be convinced , that whatever might be the result of this investigation , it was desirable to obviate , if possible , at the outset , the effect of the impression , which might be made by an erroneous representation of the state of the case . First impressions were generally strongest , and it was with a view to prevent the effect of an erroneous impression , that he had put the question he did on a former night . The answer of the right . hon . gent . was as specific as it well could be . As he was upon his legs , he should observe , that however this inquiry might terminate , the D. of Y. would have one consolation arising from it ; because , without , the opportunity afforded by it , the unparalleled regularity with which the business of the army was conducted at the Horse Guards , as detailed in the evidence of colonel Gordon , would not have been given to the public . wished to know whether the sum of 5,570l . was over and above her allowance of 1,000l . a year , which the Duke of York agreed to pay Mrs. C. replied , that that sum included all the sums paid by drafts on his royal highness 's banker for Mrs. C. 's establishment . As to the other sums which had been paid on the same account , as no memorandums respecting them were to be found