, requesting an order for permitting the troops to land in Gallicia . This communication had been made in the week , in which the change of government had taken place , and to that circumstance was owing the delay of ten days in the transmission of the order , which had been made the ground of so much accusation here . But if government had waited till the answer to this communication , and a foul wind , which would be favourable for its arrival , but unfavourable for the sailing of the expedition , should in the mean time spring up , 73 to delay the progress of the expedition , then indeed would there have been serious ground of charge against his majesty 's government . What animated declamation , or rather what animated quotations , would not the right hon . gent . have produced to the house if the newspapers had taken up , as they certainly would have taken up , the discussion.—It was then unnecessary for him to go into a greater length of detail , as the question would again come under the consideration of the house ; but he could not avoid touching upon these points , in addition to what had fallen from his noble friend , and in order to shew that every change of wind had not produced a change of councils , and that if the cause should unfortunately not terminate as all good men wished , it was not the fault of England . The cause was in that hand in which rested the decision of every thing in the progress of human affairs , and however it may please Providence to dispose of it in the end , it was desirable to know that no human means had been omitted to promote a prosperous issue . The right hon . gent . had said , that in affording assistance to the Spaniards , we should have met Buonaparté upon his own terms , but he could not agree in that opinion , because he could not think it right to rule the country , we should go to assist , as a dictator . Though we were blessed with a Constitution justly dear to us from the inestimable rights it conferred upon us , we were not therefore to hold cheap the institutions of other nations , because they had not yet ripened into that maturity of franchise and freedom which we enjoyed ; neither should we convert an auxiliary army into a dominating garrison , nor , whilst openly professing to assist the Spaniards , covertly endeavour to impose upon them those blessings , of which they must themselves be the best judges . In the last session they had all appeared to be agreed , that , in any event , ( indeed in case of the success of Spain it was not of any consequence , ) they should make it impossible to be supposed , that the assistance of this country was given with any sinister view . He had no doubt , if they should succeed , that the Spaniards would certainly be happier , and he trusted freer than they had hitherto been ; but that happiness aid freedom should be of their own choice , and not of our dictation By a proclamation , issued by the Supreme Junta , on the day after their installation , calling upon 74 all literary men to contribute their assistance with respect to the best laws to be enacted for the benefit of the state , it appeared , that the Central Junta was not indifferent to the amelioration of their constitution . But , if the suggestion of these good laws was to accompany , or be coupled with , a subsidy , he doubted much whether it would meet with consent , but sure he was , that the Spaniards could not but dislike laws dictated at the point of the bayonet.— As to the question respecting the military principle , whither the first landing ought to have been made in Spain or Portugal , he should only say