beasts , he reminded him of a hackneyman 's servant in his smock frock endeavouring to make his galled jades prance , if possible , before the house . There was certainly one limit to his unqualified panegyric , as the noble lord did not go quite the length of praising a dead horse ( A laugh ! ) . Really , were not the consequences in every view so disastrous , so fatal to the dearest interests of the empire , the campaign of the noble lord could only be considered as an Opera Ballet , where , after one fine fellow had well performed his part , some unknown characters arose at the critical moment from the ocean , and drove him from his operations—the scene at length terminating in confusion and distress . But what but that downright fatality which seemed to mar all the efforts of the executive government could have induced them at such a conjuncture in the concerns and hopes of the world to interfere with their meddling nonsense about command ? Was there not something , however , more than met the eye ? What , he would ask , was meant by including in the instructions of sir Hew Dalrymple , that he was appointed 'for the present ? ' The noble lord had , indeed , referred to precedents for superseding generals . But what were they ? He had attempted to justify the conduct of his administration upon the base and miserable policy of Austrian military coun- 958 cils ; —councils which so often cramped the exertions of the Archduke Charles . Councils which teemed with treachery , to whose corrupt and baleful influence prostrated Austria and enslaved Europe , might fairly attribute their forlorn condition . Councils which led to the disastrous but decisive victory of Jena , to the recapture of Madrid , and to the exclusion of Great Britain from almost every part , of the continent of Europe . Yet these were the precedents conjured up in his own vindication by a military secretary , who at the same time had professed that he could not give a military opinion— ( hear ! hear ! ) . Of the Spanish Campaign he would not then speak , but he could not sit down without impressing on the house the necessity of inquiring into those causes , by which a gallant army , after unprecedented efforts of valour , patience , and endurance , were obliged to terminate a campaign in a victory , from which , in the words of general Hope , no useful consequence would follow . It was by giving command solely to men of merit that we were to insure success . Why , then , should we not imitate the conqueror instead of the conquered ? He had only to lament that the victory we had achieved had not been attended with any success or advantage to the country ; for England would certainly have been much stronger at this moment if the French had been driven across the Tagus . He lamented , too , that the present system of ministers , in acting upon Mr. Pitt 's policy in war , was one that had always proved unsuccessful . It was a policy only adapted to produce facts for the purpose of introducing them into the King 's Speech , or matter for temporary joy , rather than permanent security to the country . alluding to reports which had been circulated of his having had nothing to do with the Convention , and of his having even protested against it , referred gentlemen to the Proceedings of the Board of Inquiry , for an explanation of his sentiments on that head . The letter , No . 152 , written by him to his noble friend and dated October 6th 1808 , contained his detailed opinions upon the subject ; opinions , too , which he still entertained . assured the house , that no authority had ever been derived from him , for the insertion of any paragraphs in the newspapers to the effect imputed to the friends