appeared a great fault of the military councils of this country , that upon the 12th of July they were so very badly informed of the situation of Portugal , a country where every man was our friend , where information would issue from every pore , that they supposed there were but 5,000 French in that country , when in fact there were 25,000 . If Spain had I been assisted in the best manner , there was every reason to suppose that our assistance would have been effectual , a Spain had , besides her mass ( a species of force common to every country ) several armies , tolerably well organized , and led on by skilful commanders , he had been often reproached for not expressing as high an opinion as other gentlemen , of a I rising in mass . He should , however , again repeat , that it would be quite idle and childish to expect the Spanish mass , or the mass of any other country , to stop the course of Buonaparté 's army , or of any considerable division of it . Let the force of the mass be what it would , be the medium more dense or more rare , the army would pass through it nearly as a cannon ball would pass through the air , without any regard to its density or rarity . An army went where it listed , and was not to be stopped in its course by peasantry . He did not know that the Spaniards assembled at Bayonne were quite as great traitors has they were represented . If they saw , and were perfectly convinced that Spain could offer no effectual resistance to Buonaparté , they might , without much treachery to their country men tell them they were unable to resist , and that it was better for them to submit at once without drawing all the evils of war upon their heads.—This was a question not unfit for our government , too , to consider ; and if it was decided , as he ( Mr. W. ) thought it was rightly , that a chance did exist of the emancipation of Spain , and that no effort should be spared to assist that chance on 1109 the part of this country , then the only inquiry was , what force shall we send ? and in what manner shall it he applied ? And here it was impossible not to he struck , not only with the total want of plan , But with the total want of all right conception , in the hon . gentlemen , of the very nature of the great work in which they were about to engage.—There were evidently two courses to he pursued ; either to strike a stroke in the part that first presented itself , namely , on the Ebro , and to endeavour to drive the enemy out of Spain , by attacking him instantly , while his force was small , and when his views upon Austria , or his jealousy of what Austria might design against him , kept his attention divided , and made it impossible for him much to augment his numbers ; or , giving that attempt up as hopeless , to proceed at once to what ought to be the general plan of the campaign , with a view of affording to Spain any hope of final deliverance . On the former of these modes of proceeding , though the most tempting , and that which ministers had been most blamed for not endeavouring , he should give no opinion ; because , few but those it office could have the necessary means for judging . It was a very nice question , depending on information of the force which the French actually had , and then the probability there might be of their being able to send large reinforcements , in case they should have reason to think , from observation of our armaments , that we had an intention of acting upon that quarter . There might be danger