Britain in a state of blockade . Great Britain retaliated by declaring France in a state of blockade . America , which was an accidental sufferer from these measures , interferes , and proposes that we should retract our act of retaliations leaving the enemy to persist with impunity in his aggression ; and because his majesty 's ministers refused to accede to this proposition , their refusal was now brought forward as matter of accusation against them , and by whom ? — those very ministers , who issued the Order of the 7th of January , and . who had themselves declared , that this Order should not be repealed till the French Decrees , which had provoked it , were annulled . In making this declaration , they had gone farther than their successors , for , said the noble Earl , we never have made such a declaration , we did not say to America that we would not recal our Orders in Council , excepting France repealed her Decrees , though we are quite aware of the inconveniences which would result from so doing . The American Embargo was therefore neither the cause nor the consequence of our Orders in Council , and consequently we see no reason why the 787 repeal of the one ought to he connected with the removal of the other . It has been asserted , that the embargo was an act of resistance on the part of the American government to the unjust Decrees of the enemy . But this act of resistance , if it was one , was directed as well against the party aggrieved as against the aggressor , and having resorted to a measure of equal hostility to both parties , the American government had turned round to ask satisfaction from the party aggrieved , the effect of which , if granted , would have been to relieve the enemy both from the pressure of the Embargo , and from the pressure of the Orders in Council , and to relieve us merely from the pressure of the embargo , without an assurance being given that the Non-Importation act would be repealed . From the charge brought against ministers by the noble lord , of being actuated by a hostile disposition towards America , he felt it to be quite unnecessary to vindicate either himself or his colleagues . It was not the interest , and it could not be the wish of the British government to involve this country in a war with America ; but ministers on the other hand were bound not to surrender the rights , nor to compromise the honour of the nation , with whose character and interests they were intrusted . On these grounds the noble Earl felt it to be his duty to oppose the Address which had been moved by his noble friend . said , that , notwithstanding the reasons assigned by the noble earl ( Bathurst ) who spoke last , for the issue of the Orders in Council of November 1807 , he had always supposed the chief cause of that measure to have been a conviction on the part of His Majesty 's Ministers , that the danger arising from the power and influence of France was only to be counteracted by means similar to those which had produced it . Against this doctrine , particularly as applied to our conduct towards neutral States , he should ever protest ; being fully convinced , that a strict observance , without encroachment or concession , of the true and established principles of public law , of which the maritime code formed a material part , was not only due to our national character , but far better calculated to secure our commercial interests and maintain our maritime power.— Of the principles to which he had adverted , those which bore upon the present subject , were , 1st , That neutrals have a right to carry on , 788 during war , their accustomed trade , without any other molestation or obstacle , than such as arises from search and blockade . 2dly