of the house.—The hon . gent . who spoke last , had strenuously contended that the embargo had not taken place in consequence of the Orders in Council , because it appeared from the Message of the president , Mr. Jefferson , to the Congress , that the Orders in Council were not at all mentioned or alluded to . He thought , however , that hon . gent . and others might be misled , by not attending to the difference between official communications and those which were not so . The president of America might not have received official notice of the issuing the Orders in Council , but it was well known that an American newspaper had actually published the substance of those Orders , before the Meeting of Congress , and that , notwithstanding there might be no mention of them in the Message , both the President , the members of Congress , and the people of Washington , were perfectly acquainted with their existence , and they were generally supposed to be the incitement to , and the cause of the embargo . This would be corroborated , if reference were had to what had been stated in Congress , and the explanation given by Mr. Pinkney . Be that as it might , however , it was a certain fact , that both countries had already been great sufferers , and in his opinion , the sooner the olive branch was held out , the better it would be for both . He was afraid there would with many be a considerable impediment in the way , on the score of what was called concession ; he could not but agree with his hon . friend who brought forward the present motion , that there appeared to be among the people of this country , somewhat too harsh and unfavourable a sentiment and feeling towards those of the western continent . He lamented that such should be the case , but entertained a hope that the time was near at hand ; when each country , viewing its respective interests through a dispassionate medium , would be willing and desirous to shake off all unfavourable prejudices , and mutually extend the hand of amity and reconciliation . He was of opinion that the present motion was , as a pre- 1196 liminary step , well calculated to produce that desirable event , and as such it had his most cordial support . said , the measures which had been adopted by the American government , and which we had reason to complain of as directly hostile to this country alone , were two ; viz . the Non-Importation Act and the Embargo . The former had been passed in Nov. 1800 , and was positively directed against the merchandize and manufactures of this country only ; and it could not therefore be occasioned by the Orders in Council , for they were not then dreamt of . The hon . gent . who had just sat down had said , that an American newspaper , which contained the substance of the Orders in Council , had been published at Washington , previous to the meeting of Congress , when the President sent the Message to them , recommending the embargo . He had in his hand the Message which had been referred to by his hon . friend ( Mr. Stephen ) in which there was not one word or syllable even hinting at the Orders in Council . That was on the 1st of Dec. 1807 ; and , a week after that , a letter was written by Mr. Madison to Mr. Pinkney , in which also there was no mention of these Orders , but in which Mr. Madison distinctly said , the policy and causes of the embargo are contained in the Message ; so that it was evident the Orders in Council had not at that time entered into the President 's head . As to what had been said respecting the overstocked state of the Brazil markets , he could suppose , that there might be some