it was highly necessary to provide , in consequence of the number of the offenders , and the extent of the depredation . With this view , the Bill proposed the constitution of a local police or board of magistrates , who should be in constant attendance , and who , by having a certain proportion of the two counties subject to their authority , might be enabled to guard against the evil complained of . was always , upon constitu- 1148 tional grounds , jealous of the erection of boards of this nature , because they served to increase the patronage of the crown , which was already so enormous , and which was so systematically advancing , that in time scarcely any man could escape its grasp ; because they involved an augmentation of the public burthens , which he hoped speedily to see retrenched , or the public would have reason to despond indeed ; and also , because they interfered with the authority of the independent magistracy of the country . assured the hon . gent . and the committee , that he would be the last man to interfere with the privileges , or even , if he might add , the prejudices of the magistracy , to whom he felt the country owed so much , and particularly from the circumstance of their services being gratuitous ; but the establishment of a local Police was in this instance essentially necessary , and when he stated that the suggestion of that necessity proceeded from an honourable gent . on the other side of the house , the member for Plymouth , ( Mr. Tyrwhitt ) he supposed the suspicion of any desire to extend government patronage by this proposition would be obviated . corroborated the statement of the Attorney General ; and explained the necessity which called for the Bill . The motion was agreed to , the house resumed , and the chairman obtained leave to bring in the Bill . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to the conduct of brigadier general Clavering . But before he did so , he thought it necessary to state the reasons which induced his acquiescence in the delay that had already occurred upon this business . At the same time he must observe , that although he acquiesced in the delay , the impression upon his mind of gen. Clavering 's prevarication , was so strong , upon the last night of his examination , that he thought the Committee ought not to have separated without coming to a decisive resolution respecting it . There were many forcible reasons why such misconduct should have been brought to an early discussion . For if the prevarication of a man of the rank and station of gen. Clavering , were suffered to escape with impunity ; if an example were not made in his case , the mischievous consequences likely to result must be obvious . But when he heard it 1149 stated by some gentlemen , that this officer 's examination upon a former evening , was not , combined with his letters , sufficiently fresh in their memory to come at once to a decision , the reason for delay was too strong to be withstood . But there was a still stronger reason in his mind for consenting to delay . The Chancellor of the Exchequer staled , that the whole of the papers respecting the evidence would not be printed before the Monday following gen. Clavering 's last examination , while the discussion of the main question was fixed for three days afterwards . With this statement in his recollection , and naturally thinking that no subject of discussion should interfere in so short an interval , with that attention which every gentleman must be anxious to give alone and undivided , to a question of so much importance , he did not conceive it proper in such a period to bring this motion forward . But the discussion of the main question being postponed till Wednesday next , and the whole of the evidence having been