, if returned to the house , it would not have acted upon . It was the duty of the Committee in that case to place itself between the treatise and the house . The voluminous treatise had undergone several alterations , and upon one part even the noble lord upon the floor ( lord H. Petty ) , had divided in the majority against the Chairman . stated , in explanation , that he had prepared the Report at the request of the Committee , and had read it to the Committee before the Easter Recess , in order that the members might have time to consider of its contents , before they should be called upon to discuss or agree to it . bore testimony to the diligence , zeal , and ability of thy hon . chairman of the Committee . If the Chancellor of the Exchequer should persist in his nomination , and the late chairman should decline to act , the right hon . gent , would not find any other gentleman to sit in the chair . He had only to add , that the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Wharton ) had given himself a specimen of the contrariety of opinions which had prevailed in the Committee . said , a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sumner ) , had stated , that some alterations had taken place on the last day of the meeting of the Committee . He believed there was some trifling amendment made in one part , of a few words only , `` that it might be expedient to reduce the salary of some , and to abolish others ; '' but this was done alter very ample discussion , and in making it there could be no colourable imputation of surprise on the Committee , hi the treatise which had been alluded to , there was a dissertation on the increase of the influence of the crown , which , eloquent as it was , contained sentiments of which he could not approve , and he therefore gave it his decided and hearty opposition . Objections had , however , been made as to the style and manner in which several members of the Committee had carried on their opposition . For his own part , he could only say , that he had acted for the best , and he verily believed every other hon . gent , had done the same , and there was certainly not a stronger proof of a vexatious opposition on their part , than on that of the other side . observed , that if it was 125 thought impossible to reconcile gentlemen whose opinions clashed so much as those whose names were proposed , it would be better to nominate a new committee altogether . He recommended proceeding on the Reports already laid before the house . said , that it was not fair in the hon . gent , to argue that so many reports had been made , and not acted on . The first report made by this Committee relative to the Bunk had been most carefully attended to and acted on , and the public had already derived considerable advantages from it . In regard to the second , which related to the Pay Office , he had immediately acquiesced in the sentiments of the Committee , and there was not one of the regulations they had recommended that he had not attended to , and so far adopted as was in his power . As some of these would require an act of the legislature , it was his intention to bring it forward , but he had not yet been able to do it . In every other instance the utmost deference had , in that department , been paid to the regulations proposed by the Committee . As to what had fallen from an honourable member respecting a gentleman who had been in the Pay Office , but who was not now a member of the house , an inquiry had immediately been instituted ; and he