A. Wellesley and sir H. Burrard , the Court of Inquiry had given no opinion , and one noble lord had said that if he had been obliged to decide he would have inclined rather to the opinions of sir H. Burrard . The name of that officer , under all these circumstances , ought not to be omitted , and he therefore moved that it be inserted . observing that the motion must , if pushed to a division , be put in another form , adverted to the merits of the case , and acknowledged , that if the matter were to be decided by personal feeling , one might be disposed to overlook the real nature of the question , 155 in consideration of the calamity to which the hon . gent . had alluded . But it would not be doing justice to sir H. Burrard to thank him for a service , from which his great merit consisted in having separated himself . The course of proceeding which sir Harry adopted , proved that he did not wish to arrogate to himself any share of the merit which he had carefully consigned to its author . In his dispatch he stated that the plan was intirely sir A. Wellesley 's , the execution was intirely sir A. Wellesley 's , and the report of the battle intirely sir A. Wellesley 's . Unquestionably , sir H. Burrard was intitled to great praise for his liberality , generosity , and forbearance ; but it was not that description of merit which they were then considering . The only thing that could be recorded here was , that he did not mix himself with what belonged to another ; and in doing so the house would be far from consulting his feelings . The hon . gent . would not suppose that he meant to ascribe to him any improper motive in this amendment . But with respect to the case of sir Hyde Parker at Copenhagen , the hon . gent . would recollect that sir Hyde Parker had been thanked for the disposition which he made ; but sir H. Burrard laid claim neither to disposition nor execution , and therefore the principle could not apply . With regard to what had fallen from a noble lord under the gallery , it was not surprising , if his objections had induced others to wander in some measure from the question . The noble lord ought to remember , that though the British troops in the field were superior in number , yet , out of eight brigades of which the army consisted , only five had been engaged in the action . Three eighths of the British force remained without firing a musquet ( hear , hear ) . He could not sit with patience , and hear the gallantry of our brave soldiers and the merits of a gallant and distinguished officer thus attempted to be frittered away upon fallacious grounds ( loud cries of hear , hear , hear ) . The distinguished officer who was the subject of the motion before the house , had pursued a career of military glory , unexampled in this country . He had gained almost as many victories as he had been years in the service , and he trusted that the house , leaving all other considerations out of the question , would express their warm and decided approbation of his merits . assured the house that 156 no man could have a higher respect for sir H. Burrard than he had , but he could not help observing that it would be impossible for the hon . gent . to make the army understand , why sir H. Burrard was thanked , if he could carry his amendment . The private soldier who saw the activity of sir A. Wellesley , and knew that sir H. Burrard had done nothing more than come into the field , could not understand what the British parliament meant . He had not the good fortune to be present at the battle of Vimiera , but he arrived