had acknowledged there was an irregularity in the proceeding , but under the circumstances of the case he thought that Mrs. C. should be examined immediately . said there were but three or four Letters requisite to be delivered : he therefore moved , That all the letters , except three or lour , be returned to Mrs. C. , which was done accordingly . The hon . member then requested that Mrs. C. would send two or three of his royal highness 'S letters , with dates , or by the postmark of which it could be ascertained that they had been written since the separation took place . He was particular in this , because as he hoped the inquiry would close , this evening , it would be necessary for Mrs. C. to attend again , and a messenger might go with her to bring back the letters . answered , she would send them as soon as ever she got home . desired to know by what right or title the learned gent . was authorised to inquire where all the letters , which Mrs. C. stated herself to have received , were to be found ? observed , that the noble lord seemed to forget that it was a Committee of Inquiry , and that it was competent to demand any documents which might be necessary either to the convic- 993 tion or acquittal of the illustrious person , against whom the Charges under investigation had been brought . The witness had no right , therefore , to withhold any letters which might conduce to elucidate the subject of inquiry . If the Committee , however , should be of a different opinion , he should not press the question , though upon the broad principle he was convinced it was a proper one to put . contended that the argument of the learned gent . went too far , because it would go to the extent that , the witness was bound to produce all her papers , in order to give the learned gent . an opportunity to look them over , and judge which were , applicable to the question under consideration . Any papers the Committee would be authorized to demand , ought to be defined ; and the learned member well knew , that it was not in the practice of any court of justice to order a party to produce all his papers , with a view that the court should decide , on examination of them , which were relevant to the matter in issue . observed , that the noble lord seemed to have mistaken the object of the learned gent . 's question . They were not Mrs. C. 's letters which he wished to have produced , but the letters of the royal person the Charges against whom the Committee was engaged in investigating . If the noble lord , or the hon . member who brought forward the Charges , had put the question of the learned gent. , he was convinced that no objection would have been made to it . The Committee was a court of inquiry , and it was certainly competent to any hon . member to call for any papers which might aid the investigation . On the whole , therefore , he thought that the letters of his royal highness ought to be produced , though if the learned gent . could take upon him to say , that they would not bear upon the subject , it would not be desirable to add them to the Minutes . thought that the question was a fit one to be put , but that it would be competent to the witness to refuse to answer it . agreed with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) , that if any hon . member thought any one letter would throw light upon the subject , he might call for its production ; and if no objection could be made to the production of one , none could be made to the production of all , if called for