entered into a treaty . But he was glad to hear it expressly declared , that their agreeing to the Address did not involve their approbation of the measures of government . The Address was then agreed to.—The Earl of Liverpool then gave notice , that on Monday he should move the thanks of the house to sir Arthur Wellesley , and the other officers and troops , for the victory of Vimeira . acquainted the house , that the house had been at the house of peers , at the desire of the lords commissioners , appointed under the great seal , for holding this present parliament ; and that the Lord High Chancellor , being one of the said Commissioners , made a Speech to both houses of parliament ; of which , to prevent mistakes , he had obtained a copy ; which he read to the house , and for which we refer to our report of the proceedings of the lords , see p. 1 . After the Speaker had finished the Speech , rose . He said he would not detain the house for a longer period than it was usual for gentlemen , placed in a similar situation with his , to claim their indulgence , and would therefore , without further preface or apology , proceed to state such observations as occurred to him on the Speech they had just heard read , and which would form part of the Address he should have the honour to move.—His majesty had expressed his confidence , that his parliament would concur in giving every aid in their power which could contribute to the firm and vigorous support of the war in which we were engaged . With such views as they originally entertained on the subject of this war , with such views as they had continued to take of it , it would indeed be a singular inconsistency to depart from them at a moment like the present , and refrain from giving his majesty an assurance that they were ready to give him all the assistance required , and which the extraordinary nature of the case demanded . The leading topic in the Speech referred to the state of Spain , and whoever looked to the actual situation of affairs in that country , and the nature of those occurrences that led to the connection with our own , would agree with him in the propriety of reducing into practical use that excellent maxim , that 'vigorous war led most directly to safe and honourable peace . ' Our connection with Spain was formed , for the 31 purpose of enabling her to resist the tyrannous usurpation of France , the injustice of which could only be equalled by the perfidy of the means employed to accomplish the detestable design . It was , indeed , difficult to determine which to reprobate most . He knew not in what language to describe the fraud and falsehood employed by Bonaparte to subdue a people to whom he was united in the closest bonds of alliance , and who had reposed an ill-founded confidence in him . In the Declaration he hsad published , he had told them , that if they refused to accept his brother Joseph for their king , he would cut out a new kingdom for him , place the crown of Spain upon his own head , and punish those whom he dared to designate as 'the wicked . ' It would be well for the yet unconquered countries in Europe ( of which he was sorry to say there were now but few ) , to attend to the first part of this Declaration , as there were doubtless some to be found from whose territories this embrio kingdom might be formed ; and it would be well for G. Britain to look to the latter part , as she was assuredly included among ' the wicked , ' whom the tyrant presumptuously pretended he had a divine commission to punish . Some few , perhaps , of his countrymen , might think that the cause of freedom