of the whole house , who would immediately go into the consideration of it.—He moved , therefore , that a Select Committee be appointed to inspect the said papers , and to report to the committee of the whole house , whether any part of them were relevant to the matter of this Inquiry.—Ordered . rose and spoke as follows : It will he in the recollection of your lordships , that I gave notice towards the latter end of last session of a motion grounded upon the Evidence which had then recently been taken at the bar , to address his majesty to rescind the Orders in Council . I was induced to withdraw that notice in consequence of some favourable reports which I then heard as grateful to my feelings , as , if realised , they would have proved beneficial to the best interests of 772 the country , viz. , of there being a probability of an adjustment of the differences between this country and the United States of America . Those reports I have unfortunately found to be erroneous ; and I now feel it to be my duty to bring forward a motion upon this most important subject . It is now of no consequence , whether the Orders in Council were the cause , or one of the causes , of the American Embargo . That question is now set at rest ; a proposition having been made in August last to this government on the part of the United States , to suspend the Embargo with respect to this country , if we would rescind our Orders in Council ; it is clear therefore , whatever might have been the case before , that since last August the continuance of our Orders in Council is the sole cause of the continuance of the American Embargo , inasmuch as that would be removed if they were rescinded . And , if I could be induced to imagine these Orders in Council to have been , previous to last August , consistent with the principles of justice , the rights of nations , of sound policy , still , my lords , the question has , since that period , assumed a different shape , and we must consider the question as it relates generally to our policy towards the United States . From the year 1783 to the commencement of the last war , the line of policy pursued by this country towards America , was conciliation ; that was the system adopted by the administration of the late Mr. Pitt , and it was continued on the commencement of that war , when it became still more the policy of this country to conciliate America . Accordingly , in the year 1794 a Treaty of Commerce was concluded with the United States , which although said by some persons in this country to be too favourable to America , and by some persons in America to be too favourable to this country , was , I believe , an impartial treaty , giving to neither party too great an advantage over the other . The amity and the friendship between the two countries continued till the termination of that treaty . Some differences subsequently arose , and two years ago , when I was called to his majesty 's councils , I conceived it to be my duty immediately to set about atchieving , if possible , that important object , the adjustment of our differences with America . It was highly satisfactory to mo , that the details of this negociation devolved into abler hands than mine , and a treaty was concluded . No sooner was it known that 773 a treaty had been concluded , and before its provision could be known , than every engine was set to work by persons in this country , who were determined to leave no means untried to provoke hostility with America , and the most gross misrepresentations were made of the object and provisions of the treaty . I waited with impatience until the treaty could be published ; it was