saying , that , although it had not proceeded so far as he wished , yet government had applied themselves faithly to the opinion of the Committee , and achieved a very considerable public service , by enforcing their suggestions—On the mode of constituting this Committee there were a variety of opinions . Some preferred the reappointment of the old Committee ; others seemed to think , that it would be better that it should consist entirely of new names . The noble lord on I the other side ( Milton ) seemed to be of this latter mind . A principal object , however , was to expedite the inquiries of the Committee , and he could by no means see that he should be doing so by composing it of members entirely unacquainted with the progress already made in the business . As to the idea of constituting the I Committee as it formerly stood , if that could reconcile the hon . gent , who had been the chairman of the Committee , again to accept that office , he should willingly fall in with it ; but he had understood from that hon . gent , that he would be 129 equally dissatisfied with the Committee as it formerly stood , as he was with the reduction now proposed , He hoped , when that hon . gent , reconsidered the matter , and reflected on the importance which the house and the public attached to his being in the chair of that Committee , he would be disposed again to accept of the situation ; in doing which , he would discharge his public duty more meritoriously than by declining the office . The noble lord opposite ( lord H. Petty ) had gone farther , however , than the hon . gent . That hon . gent , had not declared that he would not consent to be of the Committee ; he had only intimated his disinclination to resume the chair of it . But the noble lord had gone further . If he could not get the chairman he wished , he had declared that he would act not at all . Another hon . gent , ( Mr. Whitbread ) had stated , that he could not accept of a Committee nominated by any chancellor of the exchequer . He begged of that hon . gent , to look back to the period of the original institution of this Committee , and he would find that it had been nominated by a chancellor of the exchequer , whom the hon . gent , supported . The idea of the Committee , he begged it to be recollected , did not originate with the noble lord ( Petty ) . He took it out of the hands of the gentleman who originally suggested it , ( Mr. Biddulph ) ; whose name even had been left out of the Committee as originally proposed by the noble lord ; and so far were the 21 names then nominated from being a fair selection , taken impartially from both sides of the house , that 19 out of the 21 were names of members who uniformly voted with the noble lord . He challenged a comparison of the list now proposed by him with that proposed by the noble lord , and trusted the house would see it was infinitely more impartially selected . hoped he might be allowed to notice the language of an hon . member towards him . He had spoken of that hon . gent , with the highest respect . He had given him credit for the ability and integrity which he was universally allowed to possess , but the hon . gent , had applied towards him an expression highly improper and unbecoming , and for which , if he had used it to any man , he should have found himself bound to apologize . This was a duty which he had a right to expect from the hon . gent , and he hoped he would discharge it , by qualifying the expression he had used