proportion of the Militia of Great Britain to volunteer into the regular army . saw no occasion for any increase of our force destined for foreign service , till the house should be informed what was the nature of the foreign service in which they might be employed . No case had been made out by the noble lord of any deficiency existing in the disposable force of the country , which rendered a measure such as that now proposed , necessary ; and he conceived that before the house gave their consent to it , it was their duly to enquire what had become of the great force placed in the noble lord 's hands two years ago , at which time he had himself declared that the country stood in a proud situation , and that its military strength was adequate to every exertion that could be required from it . What deficiency had arisen in that large disposable force the noble lord had himself termed sufficient , neither he ( Mr. T. ) nor any man in the house knew . Before he could consent to impose upon the people the additional burthen which this measure would create , he must be satisfied , not only that a further regular force was necessary , but that the hands into which the disposition of that force was to be entrusted were equal to the confidence reposed in them . At present , all he knew on the subject was , that the army had been most shamefully wasted by the noble lord . Without meaning to cast the slightest reflection on our gallant officers , whose skill and valour entitled them , on the contrary , to the highest praise , he was convinced that the house and the country must deeply feel that the military power of England under the auspices of the noble lord had experienced a more disgraceful discomfiture than any to which it had ever hitherto been exposed.—He made these observations on the present occasion at this early stage of the business , to guard himself from being supposed to assent to the proposition , that his majesty 's ministers had a claim on the country to have a further 163 force placed at their disposal , without having first accounted for the way in which they had employed that already entrusted to them . thought our army had not been treated as it deserved , and he would not consent to the drawing of a single sixpence out of the pockets of his constituents for the purpose of adding to our disposable force , till he knew how the dispoable force we already possessed had been managed . Had they not last year voted 120,000 men for general disposable service ? How galling , then , the reflection , that only 28,000 could be collected when we went to meet a numerous enemy in a country , which we were so much interested in defending ! The army had unquestionably displayed its wonted valour , and would , he was sure , always do its duty ; but it was a melancholy consideration that this valour had only been sufficient to secure a retreat , not to reap the . fruits of a victory . It did not appear , that more than 36,000 men had at any time been employed in Spain and Portugal ; and he trusted that they should never again hear of an expedition of that description being sent to oppose the numerous armies of France . In every stage , therefore , of the present bill he should oppose it , and would not agree to any further increase of the army , until it should be shewn what had been done with the army voted lost session . Under this impression he had come down to the house to vote against the measure in the first instance . observed , that it was now but seventeen months since the house had been discussing a measure similar to that proposed by the noble lord . He had the misfortune to differ from the noble lord at that time