, every information that would not be prejudicial to the public service ; and he was happy to state , that he saw no objection to the fullest information being granted with respect to the transactions in Portugal , one of those topics to which the right hon . gent . had promised to call the attention of the House . He also thought , that very shortly the fullest information might be given with respect to our operations in Spain ; and he was sure , that when the time of discussion should arrive , he would be perfectly ready to meet the right hon . gent . either upon the principles or upon the details of the question . As to the idea which had been thrown out , of the propriety of directing our forces to Spain in the first instance , instead of Portugal , he must say there never was a fallacy more absurd than the idea of a very inferior force occupying the passes of the Pyrennees , and cutting off entirely the communication between two armies infinitely superior . This fallacy seemed to arise from the idea that an army , when once landed , could put itself on march the next morning , to attack the enemy . There were some persons who appeared to think that an army once landed could act as 60 speedily as a ship when it has left the port . The difference , however , was very great : the ship had nothing to do but to go with the wind , and meet the enemy ; whereas an army when landed had much difficuly in collecting provisions , and the means of transporting their necessary baggage . If the present administration were , however , to have waited till everything was ready for the reception of our armies , they must have stood as still as the last vigorous administration , who actually did nothing while in office.—He would venture to say , from the melancholy experience of the fate of general Blake 's army , that if a British army had landed at St. Andero , and scrambled as far as gen. Blake advanced , none of them would ever have come back . He was convinced that there was not a single military man who would support the idea of a campaign in the Pyrennees , for a British army . The right hon . gent . had stated , that the expedition which had atchieved the deliverance of Portugal had been sent to sea , to seek its fortunes , without any particular direction from government . The fact , however , was directly the reverse , because , most unquestionably the expedition under sir Arthur Wellesley did sail with a most precise and determinate object . It had been ordered to go immediately to the Tagus , without stopping at Corunna . This direction was given in consequence of precise information received from sir C. Cotton , ( which , however , afterwards turned out to be unfounded , ) that there were no more than 5000 French troops in Lisbon and the other forts upon the Tagus , and that sir Arthur Wellesley 's expedition would be sufficient to dislodge them . The expedition then had been sent out with a precise object , and with precise instructions , but it would hardly be contended , that government should have tied up the hands and the discretion of such a meritorious officer as sir Arthur Wellesley so completely as to say , that he must on no occasion take advantage of any favourable circumstances which might occur in the varying and fleeting fortune of the war , without waiting Until he had made a direct communication to government upon the subject , and had received their answer . It appeared to him that floating armies , under the command of trust-worthy officers , might be of great service , even when acting according to the circumstances of the times , without any particular directions from government ; and he was confi- 61 dent that in this manner the corps of