it , that he wondered it did not remind the right hon . gent . of the very pleasant lines , `` He fled full soon On the first of June , And bad the rest keep fighting . '' When we had damned their cause , it was no time for us to give the Spaniards lectures upon national energies and perseverance.—But , to go soberly to the consideration of the plan of the campaign : it had been agreed , on all hands , that the crisis was one of the most important , and that a 1107 greater hope had never been opened for the salvation of Europe . The spirit of the country had been exulted to the highest pitch ; every nerve had been braced , and ail classes of the community concurred in encouraging and supporting ministers ; yet the event had shewn that there had been an universal failure . When the greatest stake the country ever had was lost , either by ill fortune , or by the mismanagement of ministers , and of those ministers to whom the greatest means were entrusted that were ever entrusted to any ministers , it was full time for inquiry.—There were two things to be considered : first , the propriety of sending troops to Portugal : secondly , the mode of sending them from Portugal to Spain . It would be necessary to ask ministers why they did not send out any force before the 12th of July ? and why , after they knew that Junot 's retreat was in a manner cut off and that he could not join Dupont , they , sent troops to Portugal ? If they were resolved to send troops to , Portugal , it appeared as if it would have been better to have waited till the reinforcements joined ; for , as it was managed , it appeared a 'doubtful thing which of the two armies would have beat . Junot was as confident of success as sir Arthur Wellesley ; and between two such generals , and such armies , there was as glorious an uncertainty in war , as in law . But , supposing even that sir Arthur might feel confident of beating Junot , yet it was not to be calculated that Junot must of his own accord come down to be beaten . `` Come down and be hanged , master Barnadine ! '' It appeared evidently that he could not be compelled to do so ; for if , after having been beat , he was able to protract , for many months , a defensive war , he could certainly have done that , just as well before he was beat . Although we were the victors , yet , from an unfortunate arrangement made by ministers at home , the conquering general was superseded , and the fruits of the victory were lost . It was the effect of military councils at home , by which sir John Moore was placed in such a situation as made it necessary to fall back upon Corunna , and to execute that retreat with such rapidity as necessarily exposed our troops to great loss , and risked the capture of the whole army , if by any shift of wind they had been prevented from embarking . Our expedition to Spain was managed in such a manner , as Sot only to do no good , but to do what 1108 was much worse than nothing . We held out to Spain the disheartening example of what we called our best army , retreating from the field without striking a single blow , and on the mere rumour of the enemy 's advance . When we left the field in this manner , it was in Vain to tell the Spaniards , `` Do von go on fighting , my brave fellows , and never mind us . '' We showed them , by our example , that our best troops could do nothing , and therefore that there was little chance of their undisciplined peasantry succeeding better . It