he saw a body of the enemy , probably the whole of their left wing , forming three miles in front of his division . With the hourly expectation of the arrival of the reinforcements under sir J. Moore , which would render the effecting of the object certain , sir H. Burrard chose to stop , rather than to make a movement which , under the circumstances , was undoubtedly hazardous . Although the movement , if made , would probably , from the superiority of the British soldiers , have been successful , yet he could not but think the conduct of sir H. Burrard judicious , as he might naturally think that a little delay would have brought the probability to a certainty . Sir H. Burrard had the command of the army ; he was present for a great part of the time in the hottest of the engagement , and had a duty to perform , of which he could not divest himself . The responsibility rested with him , and he controuled the opinion of sir A. Wellesley respecting the advance to Torres Vedras . Sir H. Burrard must be considered , therefore , as acting the whole of the day , and ought not to by left out of the motion of thanks . wished this question had not been brought forward till the papers respecting the expedition had been laid on the table—the want of which occasioned 113 these difficulties . The noble earl adverted to the doubtful and contradictory statements respecting the numbers of the enemy , and other circumstances , which had a material relation to this subject , as well as to the Convention and Armistice , of which he particularly condemned the Russian Article . But although he thought the best course would have been to have waited for the production of the papers , he could not refuse his assent to the motion . said , he had listened to the present discussion with considerable uneasiness . His noble friend had certainly supported the amendment which he had proposed , with all his usual talent and force of reasoning ; at the same time it was evident , that it was desirable , in order to give full effect to the thanks of the house , that they should be given unanimously , and as it were , by acclamation ; but his noble friend must be aware that his amendment would meet with opposition , since so much difference of opinion on the subject evidently existed . He hoped , therefore , the noble baron would not press his amendment . The question being put on the amendment of lord Moira , it was negatived , without a division , and with only one or two dissentient voices . The original motion was then put , upon which lord Moira observed , that though his amendment had been negatived , yet he heartily concurred in the testimony which had been paid to the merits and gallantry of sir A. Wellesley . The motion was then unanimously agreed to . pursuant to notice , rose , to submit to the consideration of the house a motion for the re-appointment of the Committee of Finance . If he had barely to propose the revival of the same Committee , composed of the same members and consisting of the same number , as in the last session , he was sensible , that it would not be necessary for him to take up much of the time of the House ; because he could not conceive any possibility of opposition to such a motion . But , as he meant to suggest an alteration 115 in the constitution of the Committee , he was desirous previously to state to the : House the actual circumstances , under which he proposed to have the Committee reappointed ; at the same time reserving what he might have further to say , until he should hear what objections , if any , would be started against his motion . The alteration he had it in contemplation to propose , was a reduction