America , particularly on the score of Imports , though these inconveniencies had been greatly exaggerated in the speech of the noble lord . His noble friend had urged ( he knew not upon what authority ) , that ministers had only the other day become aware of the difficulties with which we were beset , and with which we were likely soon to be overwhelmed . He could assure his noble friend , however , that , in as far as Ireland was likely to be affected by them , government had long ago turned its attention to them . The high price of flax seed was found , on inquiry , to are in a great degree , from monopoly , and for the purpose of disappointing the speculations of interested individuals , they had applied what , in such cases , was found to be the most effectual remedy by encouraging competition . They had ordered purchases to be made in different parts of the continent ; and though he could not at present say what quantity had been bought up , he had no doubt that supplies to a considerable extent would soon arrive . An order had also been sent out to Lower Canada , though from the freezing of the river St. Lawrence , the cargoes were not likely to arrive till the month of May or June . He took this opportunity of correcting a very erroneous notion , which some persons entertained , that the soil of Ireland was not properly calculated for raising flax-seed , and he was happy to state , that large tracts of ground in that country were now preparing for this species of cultivation , and that there was every prospect of a sufficient quantity of flaxseed being soon grown in that country , not only for its own supply , but also for the supply of Great Britain ; so that , though the inconvenience might be felt for a time , it was very far from being one which , as his noble friend had stated , was likely to be a growing evil.—The noble Earl proceeded to advert to the alledged embarrassments felt by our West India Is-lands in consequence of the suspension of intercourse with America , and contended , that so far were they from suffering to the degree that had been stated , they were every day becoming more and more sensible of their independence of that country . As a proof of this , he stated the Assembly of Jamaica having recently passed an act , imposing a tax upon the importation of fish into that Island from the United 786 States , and laying a duty of a dollar a ton upon every American vessel which entered their harbours . The fact was , that the British fisheries in North America were amply sufficient to supply the Islands with that necessary article of provisions , and that the commerce between our colonies in that part of the world was in a state of rapid encrease . For example , in 1807 , only 120 vessels had cleared out from the British American colonies to the West Indies , whereas , in only three quarters of the year 1808 , no less than 259 had cleared out for the same destination . And in the same three quarters of 1808 , 40,123 loads of timber had been sent thither from the same quarter , whereas in the same course of the proceeding year there had been only 16,269 loads.— The noble earl next endeavoured to repel the charge brought by lord Grenville against ministers for having rejected the propositions made by the American government in August last , and which his lordship had termed fair , just and liberal . Their lordships he argued , in judging of this proposition , had only to consider , whether it was made in such a shape as could be accepted , and ought entirely to lay aside those explanations , which were afterwards given of it . The circumstances were shortly these . France , by her decrees , had declared Great