expressed . Was it to the substantial points of the Convention of Cintra , or was it to those Articles which recognized the titles of the head of the French government , and the general who in Portugal commanded the French army ? It is not a little surprising to be told that his Majesty had declared his disapproval , whilst at the same time no explanation is given of the points to which it was directed . But it would be far more surprising to find that this House was not determined to canvass the whole of this transaction , in order fully to ascertain what were the points which called for censure , and to whom the delinquency was to be attributed . ( Hear , hear ! ) But it was not only in sending the British troops to Portugal in preference to Spain , that the vigour of the King 's ministers was illustrated . It was also to be traced in the various equipments of the army . It was felt in the want of artillery , in the derangement of the commissariat , in the scantiness of the cavalry force . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) If the newspapers be correct in their accounts , the defence of all the generals employed in Portugal , for acceding to the disgraceful Convention of Cintra , rested principally upon the ill provided state of the British army , and its inability : on that account to fulfill the object for which it was appointed . And , yet , the ministers who planned and sent out that Expedition are the men , on whose able and energetic exertions this House and the country is now called upon to rely , for the propel and successful management of these vigorous efforts which his Majesty 's Speech has told us are necessary to bring this awful contest to a favourable result . Is it not more consistent with common reason ? Is it not more suited to the duties we owe the British people to presume , that from the experience of the past , such men are unsafe to trust with the destinies of the future ; Was the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) opposite so stinted as to that species of force : or so stinted as to the menus of its conveyance , that for a British army , destined to act in the field against the enemy , he could only obtain 200 cavalry ? Who that reverts to the proceedings of this House , in the last session , but must remember that noble lord , almost with tears in his eyes , and in a tone of despondence that arrested commiseration , regretting the exhausted state in which he asserted that department of the public service was , through a feeling of false economy , left 46 by a right honourable friend ( Mr. T. Grenville ) not now in the House . It was then , we were told by him , that by having transports when they were not wanting , we were sure to have them at hand in the moment of urgency . By what fatality I ask the noble lord is it , that all his characteristic energy seems to have set upon the present state of things ? ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) Is this the testimony , which under the administration of the noble lord , Great Britain exemplifies to the continent of Europe , of her military powers , and of the strength and comprehension of those who manage her resources ? Indeed , if their effects had not proved most lamentable to the security of Europe , and the character of this empire , it would afford a most prolific source of ridicule to review the ministerial operations of the noble lord . An army sent without instructions , without plan , almost destitute of cavalry , and deficent in stores ; the artillery not fit for the operations which should have been pursued , whilst the horses , ( the accounts given of the state of