the British ; at the signing of the Convention greatly so ; and in the field , where , as it were , at the point of the bayonet , he dictated for himself the most favourable terms , though , from the total occupation of Buonaparté elsewhere , assistance to this small corps was , if not quite impossible , an event the most improbable . That , during the campaign in Egypt , Europe was in a state of profound peace ; that pending the operations in Portugal , war raged in Spain ; that the French soldier was removed from Egypt , where he was greatly mischievous to our ally , whence he threatened our own colonies in the cast , and was deposited in France , where he immediately became inactive and harmless ; that the Egyptian Campaign preserved to the Turks the integrity of their empire , and is supposed to have rescued British India from the grasp of France . That the Convention of Cintra released from Portugal a French army , where it was comparatively of little injury ; where , if in no other place , it should have been enchained , and forwarded that army to Spain ; thus furnishing reinforcements to the enemy , and accelerating the subjugation of that country in alliance with 967 Britain . That the French general did not retire from Portugal , until , in the language of his master , the great Napoleon , he had erected on the shores of that country , by the Convention of Cintra , a monument to the fame and power of his troops and nation . That the British army of Egypt compelled the enemy to regorge much of their illgotten treasure , and that having stripped them of the spoils of their boasted African campaign , crowned with their laurels , returned to deposit in the British isles the trophies of those troops , which their leader had in his presumption pronounced `` Invincible ; '' which spoils and trophies ( at the same moment when he , Mr. Hutchinson , could with difficulty obtain a hearing , in behalf of the much injured reputation of that army ) were exhibiting in this capital , to record and perpetuate the shame of France : to immortalize the glory of Britain over her rival mistress of the world ! — He was sorry to have detained the house , wearied as it must be , after a debate of so many hours ; but he could not silently listen to a comparison , where there existed no assimilating circumstanstances . The Conventions alluded to were , in every respect that affected the honour and interests of the country , diametrically opposite to that of Cintra.—The gallant general says , `` That the French army in Portugal possessed advantages that the French garrisons of Cairo and Alexandria did not ; '' the very reverse he , Mr. Hutchinson , had proved to be the fact ; that `` they who had to decide on the Convention of Cintra were aware , that there were other objects for the British troops besides Portugal . '' Mr. Hutchinson had no doubt of this ; but surely the generals who , apprized of an ulterior destination for their troops , signed a Convention which deprived them of a mode of conveyance ( their shipping ) perhaps the only one by which they could have rendered their troops serviceable , acted whimsically indeed ! Those who had to decide in Egypt , were also aware , that there were other objects for the army , after the conquest of that country , and , one of these objects they were enabled to commence the execution of , by forwarding , immediately on the fall of Alexandria , the corps already mentioned under general Craddock.—He apologized for having entered so much at large into the detail of the Egyptian war ; but he was obliged to do this , in order that gentlemen might understand fully the subject , and thus be enabled to per- 968 ceive the correctness of his conclusions .