but half equipped , and all the transports gone away.—As to the question respecting the delay , he had at an early period of the campaign in Portugal directed that a communication should be opened with the Spanish Generals on the subject of the co-operation of the British army in Spain . That communication had accordingly been opened with general Castanos , but the letter , acquainting him , with the circumstance , 1081 had not been received till after the conclusion of the Convention of Cintra . On the 14th Sept. lord Wm . Bentinck was sent to attend the Supreme Central Junta , which was installed at Aranjuez , on the 24th of the same month , in order to confer with them upon the subject . On the 25th of Sept. orders had been sent to sir Hew Dalrymple to move forward with his army towards the north of Spain ; and on the same day sir David Baird received orders to embark for Ferrol or Corunna . It was not , however , till the 29th of September , that the first letter from lord Win . Bentinck was written , containing the Answers of the Supreme Junta to certain Questions , which he had been directed to submit to them , as well with respect to the entrance of the British army into Spain , as in regard to the manner in winch it should be employed there . The Answers thus received were , that the fate of Spain depended on an early co-operation of a British force ; and to the second question , that which was most important in a military point of view , was , that they wished our forces to be concentrated as one British army ; and general Castanos received orders to confer with lord Wm . Bentinck as to the best mode of carrying those wishes into effect . It was proposed that the army in Portugal should make for Burgos , by the route of Salamanca , and sir David Baird debark his troops at Corunna . This intelligence was received at Lisbon on the 8th of October ; and here he was free to acknowledge that one of the lamented consequences of the Cintra Convention had been the occupation of the transports , which might perhaps have been otherwise employed ; but by that Convention 20,000 tonnage of transports were engrossed in conveying to France 25,000 of French troops ; but at the same time he wished it to be distinctly understood , that still there had been transports that might have served to convey our army by sea , to the northern provinces of Spain ; but sir John Moore decided otherwise , and in making the very judicious decision that he had made , he was influenced by abstract reasons , not merely by any inconvenience arising out of the occupation of so large a tonnage of transports . Had he gone by sea to Corunna , he would have had to march his army through Gallicia , the poorest province in Spain , and the least calculated to supply an army that was to provide itself on its march . While the question respecting the operations of the British forces in Spain was pending at Madrid , the very 1082 same question was discussing in London , and it is not a little remarkable that the very same decision was agreed to , at the same time , in both places ; —the marquis of Romana 's opinion upon this subject was in writing , and was ready to be laid upon the table of the house . This was a circumstance of such strong and singular coincidence , that he left it to the consideration of gentlemen , if it did not carry with it in its coincidence a strong evidence of its propriety . It appeared then , that lord Wm . Bentinck 's letter was dated the 29th of September , and on the 9th of the following month sir David Baird sailed ; and again , that on the 17th of September we received the intelligence of the