of Public Buildings in Ireland , requested , that the right hon . gent . would defer this item , particularly as it did not appear to him to be regularly introduced , or many members must be precluded from delivering their sentiments upon it . replied , that regular notice had been given , and he considered every member had been aware that it would be moved this day , but he bad no objection to deferring it till Monday next . said , he was completely ignorant of the intended measure , and so he believed were Mr. Ponsonby , and the member for Dublin : although the Grants were usual , yet there were several which would require revision . Upon the reading of the Grant to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations 976 and Bequests , farther to enable them to execute the duties of their office ; called the attention of the committee to the nature of the institution of these commissioners , and a recent circumstance in their procedure , which demanded the notice of parliament before any such grant should be allowed to them . The commission , he said , was originally vested in a certain number of the members of the house of lords in Ireland , and its truly laudable object was to prevent abuses in the disposal of charitable donations and bequests , by preventing the executors , trustees , and others , to whom such bequests were confided , from converting them to their own private emolument . The Commission was executed by the lords ' committee up to the Union , and it then became necessary to provide other managers , who were accordingly appointed . About two years since an elderly catholic lady died at Waterford , and by her will bequeathed to charitable uses a sum of 11,000l . of which 1,000l . was to be distributed amongst the poor of Waterford , expressly without any distinction of religious persuasions ; and the remainder was to be appropriated partly in providing an asylum and maintenance for a certain number of decayed gentlewomen of the catholic persuasion , and for educating a certain number of boys and girls , the children of poor parents ; and the executors named in the will were the catholic bishops of Cashel and Waterford , and a lay parson . The catholic bishop of Cashel declined to act , but the others did not . A letter was written to the acting executors from the commissioners of Charitable Bequests , requesting , some explanation as to the extent of the legacy , its objects , and whether they had transferred the money to the public funds ? To this Dr. Power , the catholic bishop of Waterford , returned for answer , that some objection had been made on the behalf of a residuary legatee ; that he had not transferred the money to the public funds , because it was already in the hands of the marquis of Waterford , and other responsible persons , who paid interest at the rate of six per cent , being much more than it would produce in the funds , and that he had already begun to distribute part of the legacy , and would , as soon as possible , dispose of the remainder , agreeably to the conditions of the will , he received an answer from the commissioners , expressing thanks for the frankness of his communication , and promising to give him no 977 further trouble ; but what was his astonishment to find on the following term , a bill filed against himself and the other executor , in the Court of Chancery ( instigated by these very Commissioners for Charitable Bequests , in direct perversion of the duties of their office ) for the purpose of setting aside this will bequeathing charity to poor persons in Ireland , to deprive them of the benefits of that bequest , and to increase the residuum to a lady , the residuary legatee , and living at Seville , in Spain . This was not only a direct perversion of