army . Such were the feats of the so unjustly and ungratefully abused Irish horses . [ A laugh ! ] It was , however , a question , whether an army was useless without horses at all . In Egypt we had only about 150 . The same was the case when sir Ralph Abercrombie was in Holland . All he meant to say was , government was not culpable , unless it had the means of sending out the horses in the first instance , and thought that an eligible course , and yet neglected to adopt it . In gen. Wolfe 's battle , the picture of which was so universally known and admired , we observed that the sailors drew the guns . The noble 923 lord reverted once more to the Irish horses , which had been acknowledged to have done their work well , and to have performed a most difficult and fatiguing march in an uncommon manner . On the whole march only S3 of them had fallen , 12 or 13 of them being killed . So that instead of being bad horses , as the noble lord had said , they had proved hardy Irish horses ; and , so far as he had been able to trace their history , they were the best and most serviceable of any in the army . As to the want of cavalry , the noble lord did not suppose it would be contended , either that they could have been sent sooner , or that sir A. Wellesly should have been kept back till they could be sent . At all events , it would be sufficient if they could be shewn to have been equal to the enemy . In the whole they would have amounted to 1,500 rank and tile , and the enemy were never more than It or 1500.—There were two other charges which the noble lord ( H. Petty ) had not gone into ; these were , first , that there were no heavy artillery ; secondly , that there were no artillery travelling carriages . As to the first , he presumed to think that it did not require any extraordinary share of military charity to believe that if his right hon . friend sir A. Wellesley did not know that he was in a condition to possess himself of the city of Lisbon and of the forts on the Tagus , he would not have thought of advancing without the necessary artillery . It appeared , however , that while heavy artillery could with the greatest facility be got from the ships which were in possession of the banks of the Tagus , the roads were so extremely bad , that no travelling carriages could pass along . The noble lord had said , that nothing was more blameable than a generality of terms of Instruction to officers.— He could by no means , however , agree in thinking , that there was any thing improper in giving discretionary power . He thought it was hardly possible , that in any extensive military operations the chief command should not change hands . In the Low Countries it happened that , on one occasion within the period of 48 hours , no fewer than four such changes took place . ( A laugh . ) His lordship did not mean to say that there was any advantage in that circumstance.—lie proceeded to pass some compliments on the conduct of sir H. Dalrymple , who had acted in the most delicate matters with regard to Spain , with a strength of mind and acuteness of judgment which had inspired his majes- 924 ty 's servants with the greatest confidence in him ; not only was there no complaint against him , but he had acted with the greatest propriety , skill , and bravery.—He differed from the noble lord opposite ( H. Petty ) in his ideas of the advantages resulting from the campaign in Portugal . Was it nothing in a short campaign of three weeks , to have taken possession of a country of great