in which the object of it might be best attained , and to divide the inquiry into different branches , if it was supposed that it would be more convenient and eligible to proceed in this method than in that which he had proposed . acknowledged that the crisis was most important , and that the motion of the noble earl was strictly parliamentary . He acknowledged also , that similar motions had been on former occasions made and agreed to . But in the course of the last twenty years , amid all the awful events which had happened during that time , though motions of a similar nature had been frequently made , in no one instance had they ever been carried into effect . He could not help remarking also , that such motions had been repeatedly made when an administration of which the noble baron ( Grenville ) was a member , and neither in the case of the retreat from Dunkirk , nor the loss of Holland , had they been acceded to . The reasons for rejecting them on those occasions were the same which should influence his vote on the present ; namely , the indefinite nature of such inquiries , and the consideration whether another 388 and more convenient course might not be adopted . The generality of the inquiry moved for , he contended went far to defeat its object . The noble earl had indeed said , that he would have no objection to restrict his motion . But , would it not be better first to call for information , where information was wanted , than to proceed at once to inquiry , and then by this very act in some measure to prejudge ministers , the merits of whose conduct it was the professed object to investigate ? Thin course in the present instance , his lordship thought , was particularly prescribed , because all the facts which he had heard stated , respecting either the loss of our army or the campaign in Portugal , were extremely incorrect . With regard to the campaigns , both in Spain and Portugal , there would not be the least objection to give the fullest possible information , to enable parliament completely to decide upon the conduct of government ; and all that he now asked of their lordships , was not to pass a censure upon that conduct before they had the means of judging of it . impressed upon their lordships ' attention the importance and urgency of the motion for inquiry . Ministers pleaded their innocence : why , then , did they object to the only means of vindicating it , in the face of the country and of the world ? The subject of the present evening 's discussion was one in which every individual was interested ; he trusted , therefore , that their lordships would act under a deep and solemn impression of the importance of the question on which they were called upon to decide . He had asserted on a former night , and he was ready now to maintain , that ministers had been obviously guilty of the grossest misconduct in regard to Sweden , to America , and to Spain . After having embroiled Sweden with Denmark , they had abandoned our ally in his utmost need . In consequence of their refusal to accede to the proposition which had been made by the American government , and the continued suspension of intercourse between the two countries , no flax-seed had been imported into Ireland , which would occasion a stoppage , or at least a decline in the linen manufacture of that country , in which no less than half a million of persons were employed . The noble earl proceeded to take a review of their conduct in regard to Spain . Upon wrong information , received from sir Charles Cotton , that there were only 5,000 French at 389 Lisbon , they had sent out a force to Portugal , and during the operations in Portugal they had not taken a single step to prepare for