the battles of his country in Portugal , he was a fit person to retain the office of chief secretary for Ireland . He was sure that gallant officer was too much alive to true glory , to wish that any injurious precedent should be established by any circumstance connected with his individual interests . He might appeal to the chair respecting the duties and emoluments of the office of chief secretary , as that office had been held by the distinguished person in the chair , whose mind had ever been more fixed on the duties than the emoluments of the office . It was to him that the public was indebted for having the duties defined and the emoluments brought forward to public inspec- 368 tion . Though the emoluments were considerable , he did not mean to say that they were greater than the situation merited ; but he must insist that if no duties were performed , the public ought not to be called upon to pay . A great deal had been said about the necessity of keeping up the establishment of the office . For his part he was no friend to a paltry economy , but was of opinion that every public officer from the highest to the lowest ought to be paid in proportion to his services . All ought to be liberally remunerated ; but then the duties ought to be performed . They had been told that the lord lieutenant was to have appointed a successor to the gallant officer , whenever he should think it fit or necessary . It was naturally to have been expected that the expedition to Zealand would have lasted but a short time , but yet it was his opinion that the office ought to have been even in that instance filled up . From the extensive disturbances which prevailed last summer in Ireland , and the laborious duties of the office being of a two-fold description , both civil and military , together with the weight of correspondence to be sustained , it was not too much for the public to demand , that the efficient members of the government should remain upon the spot . As to the stipulation of the gallant officer , when appointed to the office , that he should not be required to continue secretary , if he should be appointed to any active military command , he could easily give him credit for the feeling which gave preference to military glory . When he had been appointed to his late command , it never could have been expected that it would have been so short as it afterwards turned out , and when the gallant officer had accepted of the command , he should have resigned his civil office , and insisted on a successor being appointed . But as on his return the emoluments of the office would have ceased , if a successor had been appointed , why , he would ask , should they not have ceased as he had not performed the duties ? The gallant officer had said that he was not richer from his salary . That he believed , as he did not suppose that any person accepted an office with a view to pecuniary emolument , but rather as an object of honourable ambition . He should not take up more of the time of the house , and if he had been allowed to make a few observations on a former night , he should not have made any motion at all . The Resolution he bad to submit , he 369 trusted , would be placed on the journals , and become the means of preventing any person hereafter , whatever his abilities might be , from occupying two incompatible places . The hon . gent , concluded by moving a resolution , `` That the Office of Chief Secretary for Ireland is an efficient Office of the highest responsibility , which ought not to be held by any person absent from the realm , and that the emoluments of it ought not to be paid to