procure Mr. Kennett a situation at home or abroad , and particularly one which happened just then to be vacant in the West Indies . A secretary to the D. of Y. acknowledged the receipt of Mr. Kennett 's letter , proposing the terms of this negociation , the receipt of which he acknowledges in another letter , but in this he expressed no disapprobation of Mr. Kennett 's proposal ; and it would appear upon the face of the letter , that the success of the D. of Y. , in obtaining the situation , would depend upon the loan . He should adduce the letters before the Committee , and particularly that of col. Taylor , to which he alluded . He then moved that Mr. Duff be called to the bar . did not mean to oppose the motion of the noble lord ; but at the same time it did not appear to him that the evidence , or the papers now proposed to be produced , had 706 any connexion with the subject , respecting which the Committee were instructed to inquire , namely , the conduct of h. r. h. in his capacity of Commander in Chief . They had no relevancy whatever to the manœuvres of Mrs. Clarke , or the stories with them connected , nor any relation to military business . However , he had no wish that any paper should be withheld that in any degree might throw light upon the general case ; and he therefore abstained from any resistance of the noble lord 's motion , rather from a wish not to be thought desirous of stifling any information respecting the whole subject in agitation , than from any relevancy the motion had to the question before the Committee . could not exactly understand the right hon . gent . 's meaning ; by his phrase , the manœuvres of Mrs. C ; but if the suggestion hi ( lord F. ) had offered to the house last night , had been adopted , namely , an additional instruction to the Committee to enlarge their inquiry into the general conduct of the D. of Y. in other respects , the Papers now moved for would be highly relevant . stated , as there might be some doubt to which of the baroness Nolleken 's sons the evidence of Mrs. C. given at the bar yesterday applied , he had been requested by Mr . Le Maitre , her son by the first marriage , to state that he had no intimacy whatever with Mrs. C. He was in waiting , if the house chose to examine him on this point.—This the house did not think necessary . was again called in , and examined by the Committee , as follows : Whose hand-writing is-No . 13 ? I do not know . It is not the hand-writing of Kennett ? It is not . See if Mr. Reid is in waiting . Why , sure , you are not going to send for him . The witness may be assured that I would not call Mr. Reid if it was not necessary . I beg to ask , whether it is necessary for Reid to be called in while I am here ; may I not take the sense of the honourable house upon that ; ( A laugh . begged to observe , that when one of their own members was called on to give evidence in his place , he stood in the same situation as any other witness . No witness in a court of justice would venture to make his statement and then tell the judge and the jury to draw their own conclusions , in a similar case . He therefore was of opinion that the honourable member was bound to answer the question . contended , that , the question was merely a repetition of a question that had been several times answered . Did the hon . member mean to ask whether the general statement of Mrs. C. was false ? The right hon . gent , who had just sat