America , that he would rather see the country engaged in a contest with America than be reduced to such a state as this . He agreed with the hon . gent . that the greatness of this country depend- 1188 ed in a considerable degree on external causes . He did not like the term factitious , but if to be used , he must agree that not its greatness only but its safety was factitious . The depression of our marine superiority was not consistent with our existence . This was a state of things to which we were not to submit , even to purchase amity with America.—The hon . and learned gent . expressed his surprize at hearing the hon . gent . say , that we had no right , by our Orders in Council , to liberate ourselves from any novel and unjustifiable situation to which our enemy might attempt to reduce us . If our enemy aimed a vital blow at our commerce , were we not entitled by the law of nations to stand on our own defence ? He felt pride and consolation in echoing back the testimony of admiration of the worth and learning of the great Civilian to whom the hon . gent . had alluded so affectingly in his speech . It was impossible fur him to find terms adequate to the eulogy of his late hon . and learned friend , whose learning and knowledge were only equalled by the generosity with which he allowed his friends to draw upon his superior stores . He could state , however , with boldness , that were that learned gent . now in that house , he would not go the length of the hon . gent . in saying that we were not entitled to retaliate . Nothing could equal the insolence practised towards us by a power , who while she could not shew a single flag on the ocean , dared to declare the ports of so superior a maritime power in a state of blockade . Such an insult , and the evils it was calculated to produce , we were warranted by the law of nations in resenting , and also in retaliating . He should refer for a precedent to a book , not merely of law , but of history . In the struggle between Philip the Second and the Dutch , who were then the principal carriers for the different powers of Europe , a Decree had been issued by Philip for restraining their commerce . This Decree was afterwards revived , and all the Dutch ships sailing under neutral colours which were found in the harbours of Spain , Portugal , and the Netherlands , were seized . The Dutch immediately retaliated , by issuing a Decree , prohibiting all intercourse , and ordering the seizure of all ships bound for the ports of Spain , Portugal or Flanders . No answer , complaint , or remonstrance was made against this Decree . So much the reverse of it , the French king issued a Decree , stating , that if his subjects should trade with Spain , & c. for the next 1189 six months , they must do so at their own risk . England , too , acquiesced in the justice of the Decree . So much , therefore , for the unprecedented nature of the right now exercised by the British government . He called upon any gentleman on the other side to point out to him an instance in which retaliation was found to be against the law of nations . It was reserved for the present governor of France to conceive any thing so out of nature against us as this ; and then to contend that our resisting it was to be objected to , as an act against the law of nations . It was impossible that we could be surprized that our conduct should be questioned in America , when we ourselves in that house differed from each other upon the subject . He did not object to the hon .