the house ought not to be too prompt in making orders for the production of such books , without knowing whether such were in existence . rose to repeat a question he had asked on a former night , in the absence of a gallant officer , now in his place , but to which he was not then able to obtain any satisfactory answer . He wished , therefore , to learn , from the gallant officer opposite to him , Whether , while he was fighting the battles of his country on the continent , he still continued to hold the appointment and salary of Secretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland ? said it undoubtedly was the wish of the noble personage now at the head of the Irish government , that no one should be appointed to that situation during his absence . It was certainly in the power of the noble duke to appoint some other person to fill that situation , if he had chose , during his absence ; and he was prepared to expect it would have been done , had his absence continued much longer , But from personal kindness to him , the noble duke certainly retained his name in that situation while he went abroad with the army and during the two months he was absent , he certainly received part of the salary of that office ; but then there was some part of that time for which he did not receive the full pay attached to his military situation ; and every man who considered the nature of that situation , must be aware , that it was liable to very 313 heavy increase of expences , which he did not feel himself in a condition to afford . said that although he did not wish to trouble the house with any observation on the subject , yet he should feel it his duty on a future day to submit a resolution to the house , That the office of chief secretary for Ireland was an efficient office . rose to move the order of the day , for the second reading of the Militia Enlistment bill : but as this bill differed nothing in principle from the bill of last year , and as he had so recently given his opinion at length upon its various details , he should abstain from troubling the house in this stage by repeating those opinions , but reserve himself for any objections that might be offered to it . wished to know the rate of bounties proposed by his noble friend . answered from six guineas to eleven . expressed his great reluctance in opposing any bill having for its object to place the public force of the country on that respectable footing on which it ought to stand , His objection , however was to the system on which the bill was founded . He should not detain the house by going minutely into all its details , but should confine himself to its general heads . It afforded a striking lesson to the house and to the country , of the evil consequences of adopting a bad precedent , Heretofore , previously to the introduction of a similar bill , there was much of detail and preparatory communication with colonels of regiments , But the former measure of his noble friend being adopted , he relied that in this too he should be successful , His majesty 's speech , at the opening of the session , certainly recommended to parliament every attention to an increase of the disposable army of the country , without impairing the means of home defence ; but he thought it was impossible to attempt the former by means of this bill , without materially injuring the latter . He did not condemn the colonels of regiments for their anxiety to adopt the readiest means for filling up the ranks of their corps ; but he did most decidedly condemn the principles of a bill , the operation of which would inevitably tend to the dissolution of all discipline both in the