trusted , except in the neighbourhood of Cadiz and Gibraltar , or in such circumstances as to have its retreat ' upon one or other of those places always 1111 would have collected not only a large army , but the greatest force , that the country , in its then state of zeal and ardour , could by possibility have furnished . There was no reason , why instead of the 30,000 , ( which those who like at times to dwell so much upon the means of Buonaparté , think at other times would be sufficient ) we might not have had an army of 100,000 . No one disliked more than he did , the practice of recruiting from the militia : but bad as he thought that , when meant as part of a general system of recruiting , and great as he thought the objections to it at all times , he was still of opinion that there were occasions when such objections must be made to give way ; and if ever such an occasion did , or could exist , unquestionably the present was one.—The effect of such an army , ably conducted , was not to be spoken lightly of . He was not prepared to say , that , it would have succeeded . Who shall say that any thing would succeed ? But as its chances would be better , so would its risks be less . A hundred thousand men with Gibraltar to retreat upon was a far less risk to the country than 30,000 in the situation where the hon . gentlemen had placed them ; nay , than 30,000 , in the very situation spoken of ; because , a general must be very deficient in knowledge of his business , very different from the hon . general opposite ( sir A. Wellesley ) , who , in such an abundant country , and with such a fortress behind him , would with an army of that amount suffer himself to be prevented from making good his retreat , by any army which the enemy could bring against him.—For , when we talked of Buonaparté 's numbers , we must recollect where these numbers were to act . To meet in the South of Spain a British force of 100,000 , Buonaparté must bring over the Pyrenees a force of not less than 200,000 ; to say nothing of the demand that would be made upon him by the large Spanish army , that might be raised in that part of Spain to co-operate with the British , and which the presence of such a British force would help to raise . Buonaparté would have a whole kingdom which he must garrison behind him , if he would either be sure of his supplies , or make provision against total destruction in the event of any reverse , he must fight us at arms length , while our strength would be exerted within distance , with an impregnable fortress at baud , furnishing at 1112 once a safe retreat in case of disaster , and a source of endless supply by means of its safe and undisturbable communication with this country.—And let it not be said , that while the army continued in the south , Buonaparté might continue master of the north : what mastery could he have of an part of Spain , while such an army could keep on foot in any other r And why in case of success , did the security of its retreat require that it should never advance ? He ( Mr. W. ) should be willing to compromise for that result to Spain , which would enable us and the Spaniards to retain an army in that country , which Buonaparté should not have the means of dispersing.—There was never any thing so demonstrable , therefore , as that the only way of carrying on effectually a campaign in Spain , whatever else you might have done , was to collect your army in the south . Consistent with that , you might have made the trial ,