. friend against placing much reliance upon such men : but he called the house to witness , whether , instead of making any attack upon his hon . friend , he did not vindicate his conduct and intentions , and deprecate the attempt of any set of men disposed to make a run against an individual member , who had the firmness and independence to rise in his place , and do that which he conceived to be his public duty . For his own part , he was determined his conduct should be guided by neither favour nor affection , nor any regard to rank or station . bore high testimony to the military conduct of col. Tucker . He had served under both sir David Baird and sir Samuel Auchmuty in South America , with the highest recommendation from both , as an officer highly deserving his majesty 's favour and he felt it his duty 508 to state , that having witnessed his conduct in the expedition to Portugal , and his gallant services upon two particular occasions , he felt it due to his character , and to the consolation of his family , on this occasion to bear testimony to his merits . declared he never meant the most distant imputation upon the conduct of that gallant officer , nor had he any personal knowledge of him whatever ; he had only mentioned his name as connected with one of the transactions which were the subject of inquiry . Mr. Wardle next adverted to some letters in his possession which were alluded to on the evidence of Mr. Donovan last night , to the reading of which he had no objection , and which he was ready to produce if the committee desired it . This produced a conversation of some length between the honourable member , lord Folkestone , the Attorney-General , Mr. Perceval , Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Whit-bread , Mr. Yorke , and Mr. Bragge Bathurst , after which it was agreed that the Letters should be read . observed , that if his recollection did not completely fail him , Mr. Donovan had been guilty of the most gross prevarication . It was not his intention to offer a single observation , directly or indirectly , until the close of the examination . But if it should prove as he strongly suspected , he should unquestionably move for the committal of Mr. Donovan.—He was proceeding to comment on the doctrine laid down by an hon . gent , under the gallery , when he was called to order by Mr. Croker . stated , that he bad just received a letter from general Clavering , which he read to the house , and which stated , That having understood that Mrs. Clarke had introduced his name in her last examination , he was desirous of being examined at the bar of the house that night , and more especially touching his having called at Mrs. C. 's house , as his replies would go directly to impeach that lady 's veracity . observed , that if it were intended to commit Mr. Donovan , for hiving uttered gross falsehoods , the same proceeding must certainly take place with any other witnesses , who , by their conduct , placed themselves in the same predicament . If it could be proved , that Mrs. C. had been guilty of such gross breaches of veracity , as Mr. Donovan seemed to have been , he was at a loss to know where any person could be found who would oppose her commitment . If the assertion of general Clavering were to be weighed against the assertion of Mrs. C. no one could doubt which must kick the beam in the estimation of the committee ; but still the committee would perceive , that there was a difference between convicting a person of probable falsehood by producing the testimony of another , and convicting a person of absolute falsehood by the production of his own testimony . stated the inconvenience which must result from the indulgence of hon . gentlemen in general observation