The hon . gent. , to prove that they were wrong , must shew that there was a distinction between the principle of the two Orders , which he would find impossible . As to the offer respecting the embargo , he thought that enough -appeared from the Papers , to put it out of all doubt that the Orders had not produced the embargo . The hon . gent . had quoted Mr. Pinkney 's letter ; but Mr. Pinkney 's expressions were such , as , if he ' had been anxious to select words to prevent such misapprehension on this subject , he could not have been more successful ; he had done all that the language could do , to pronounce it a precaution against an anticipated measure . In the letter of the 30th of April , addressed to Mr. Pinkney from his government , he was desired , if G. Britain complied 1207 with his request of rescinding the Orders in Council , to give her to understand that the embargo might in some time be withdrawn.—Could there , he asked , be a greater degree of difference than between the positive offer ascribed to the American government , and this expression of a possible expectation , this doubtful holding out of an indefinite promise ? And was it wonderful that he should desire a distinct official statement , rather than trust to his own memory , and be satisfied with a statement that seemed studiously loose ? Mr. Pinkney , he admitted , did go very far in his conversation with him ; but when he referred him to the ground on which he rested those promises and terms , it was to u document bearing no such instructions , but only proffering those vague assurances of which he had already expressed his disapprobation . As to the notice that he was censured for having taken of some newspaper misrepresentations , he could assure the hon . gent . and the house , that the sentiments of news-papers in that country were not to be regarded so lightly as in this ; the fact was , they were a kind of document upon which the government itself acted , and by which it frequently transmitted its orders and sentiments to ministers resident in other countries . This made a misrepresentation from them more serious than it might first appear to be , and , even then , it was Mr. Pinkney who volunteered to explain , not he who called for explanation.—But when the proposition was made to Great Britain that the Embargo should be withdrawn , it was upon the stipulation that she should withdraw all her Orders , including that of the 7th of Jan. and abandon the rule of 1756 ; the inevitable consequence of which would be to exclude our armed ships from the ports in which we carried on our trade , while the armed ships of the enemy had access to them ; thus exposing to capture and to ruin what it should be our endeavour , and was our dearest interest to defend . But if the Embargo with respect to England was raised , how could America put it in force against France ? with what effect could she expect to do so ? Did America know nothing at all of false papers ? If the Embargo was raised with respect to England to-morrow , he would lay a wager , if it was consistent with parliamentary decorum , that , in the course of the next week , he would ascertain at Lloyd 's the terms of a policy to France . The proposal was illusory ; he might add , in the language of Mr. Maddison , it was insult- 1208 ing . Those who accused ministers of a disinclination to adopt pacific measures respecting America , must surely have lost sight of the line , temper , and manner in which his majesty 's government had acted towards America since differences had unfortunately arisen between the two governments . Had they not sent a special mission to explain and apologize for the