that quarter . But instead of this , he had heard that Buonaparté having seen the British army on the road to Lugo , had turned the greater part of his force again towards the south , and left it to one of his generals , with what he conceived to be a sufficient body of troops to execute the object.—Now , what was Buonaparté 's prima facie case ? He had promised to crown his brother in Madrid within three weeks of the time when he passed the Pyrenees . He had done so . He had promised to drive the English into the sea ; and though he was not able to do this exactly , our army , it was well known , was obliged to embark under the fire of the French cannon . The noble lord 's prima facie case was directly the reverse . Re had promised every thing , and done worse than nothing . You could never send any where more than 50,000 men ; but no nation after this would ever trust to 50,000 men , or 100,000 , if directed by such military councils . But then the noble lord said , that it was a great object to create a diversion in favour of the South of Spain , where the people were all hostile to the views of France ; why , so they were also in the North ; but if any Spanish gentlemen were examined at the bar , they would in all probability say , that after all our promises and exertions we had for them done nothing.—Why did not sir John Moore retreat into Portugal ? If that gallant general had been left to his own discretion , he was persuaded he would have retreated upon Vigo and Portugal . [ `` His Letter says the contrary , '' was 1090 whispered by some of the ministers across the table . ] Well , that might be , but he might have been of one opinion at the date of that letter , and of a very different one at another time . He wanted to know why we had not taken possession of Ferrol ; if the government of Spain had not sufficient confidence in us to grant us this much , why were troops sent to that country at all ? But he could not help again asking why sir John Moore had not fallen back on Portugal ? The fact was , that this lamented general knew well that he was acting under an administration not very friendly to him ; at the same time he did not mean to insinuate that the noble lord had behaved in an illiberal manner to sir John Moore ; but certainly the situation of that gallant officer was a most unhappy one . He must have been sensible of the expectations that were encouraged in the country , every newspaper from which was filled with the most erroneous accounts of his situation , and with paragraphs , stating sir John Moore would do this , and sir John Moore would do that . The gallant general must have felt the cruel hardship of his situation , and the little hope he could have of very strong support , if he should happen to do any thing that was wrong ; a tiling not easily avoided amidst the difficulties with which he was surrounded . But , then , the noble lord had dwelt upon the rapidity of the movements of the . French troops , and rested a considerable share of his justification upon this circumstance . Now it was very singular in this prima facie case ( to use a favourite expression , ) that there was nothing to obstruct the plans of the noble lord , but , what he might have known very well before . Buonaparté had taken no pains to conceal the time of his marching . He marched on the 5th of Nov. from Bayonne , and he told you so . The sun shone in October ; the rain fell in November , and the snow in