, as would appear by one of the papers that would be laid on the table , which the right hon . 1098 gentlemen might have had produced , if they had thought proper to more for it , and had not preferred darkness to light . It was not because sir John Moore could not proceed by sea that he had adopted that course , but because he thought it better to proceed by land . What , then , was to become of the fact of the right hon . gent . that this arrangement was a military blunder of his noble friend ? The division of sir John Moore 's army into two bodies was not the act of his majesty 's ministers . The sending of the infantry by one route , and the cavalry and artillery by another , was solely the adoption of sir John Moore himself , and had not arisen from any want of communication or knowledge , but was resorted to in consequence of communications with a Spanish general officer sent by the Central Junta , to arrange the line of march of the British army with sir John Moore . This was a specimen of the facts of the right hon . gentleman : `` ab uno `` disce omnes . `` —But as the right honourable gentleman had already in one part of his speech retracted a part of his accusation , he would , he was sure , upon finding that his charge was unfounded , retract the remainder . Could the right hon . gent . believe it possible , that any administration , even the administration which preceded the present , would be so weak as to send orders to any general upon foreign service , to divide his army into two distinct parts , the one composed of infantry , the other of cavalry and artillery , and that each should advance by a different route against the enemy ? He did not mean to find fault with this arrangement ; but it was the arrangement not of government , but of sir J. Moore , and he had no doubt that the arrangement had been adopted on sufficient reasons . What those reasons were he did not know ; but whatever they were , they were distinctly that gallant officer 's own reasons ; nor were the operations undertaken without any concert with the Spanish government ; on the contrary the whole course had been arranged upon a distinct communication , and in concert with an officer from the Central government of Spain . The right hon . gent . was not either more fortunate or more accurate in his account of the operations in Spain . For variety sake , he supposed , the right hon . gent . had stated one fact correctly . He had sated that sir J. Moore , on hearing of the defeat of the three Spanish armies , had it in contemplation to fall back upon Portugal , and sent orders to 1099 sir David Baird to retire also . But for fear that he should have one incontestible fact in his statement , the right hon . gent . drew this false inference , that therefore sir John Moore must afterwards have advanced against his will . Here , again , the right honourable gentleman was totally mistaken.—The fact was , that sir John Moore had been informed of the determination of the inhabitants of Madrid to defend that city to the last extremity , and had suspended his retreat in consequence . This information he had received from those whose duty it was to direct the efforts of the people ; a communication to the same effect had been made to him by Mr. Frere ; and he was convinced that the inhabitants of Madrid had been at that time sincere in their determination of defending their city , or burying themselves under its ruins , if they had not been frustrated in their intentions by the weakness or the treason of some of those in whom they had confided , particularly of that rough