every division being about 131 to 47 . I would wish to put a question to a noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , which the non-formation of a house yesterday prevented me from proposing sooner . I would wish to know why in the London Gazette there have been no dispatches published as coming directly from the gallant and much-lamented sir John Moore ? I hope that it is only an omission in the documents printed , which his majesty 's ministers mean to remedy by a speedy publication of them . I think it is a novel mode of procedure to put questions to his majesty 's government , as to the lincof conduct they should adopt . I can assure the hon . gent , and the house , however , that there has been no opinion given in the dispatches received by government as to the transactions in Spain , which we shall not be happy to communicate . The dispatch he alludes to was not a dispatch which that gallant and much-lamented officer considered as an official one when he framed it ; although at the same time he thought it right to submit it to government , to give what parts of it they thought proper to the public . His majesty 's government have always advised his majesty to make 132 as full communication to the public as possible , consistent with the circumstances of the case to be stated . Nothing could have been more honourable to that gallant officer than the dispatches he has transmitted ; and I believe it was his last wish , that government should use their discretion in regard to the publication of them . I certainly think that if that gallant officer expressed any wish upon the subject , that ought to have been an additional reason for a more ample publication of them . That hon . officer expressed no wish for a full publication . As it may appear that the lamented general may have communicated his exact sentiments at the moment these dispatches were written , by their becoming hereafter public , I think it may be necessary to state what he said to me at the time he sent them off . He said he was extremely hurried at the time of sending home the dispatches ; and he had not leisure to write so fully as he could have wished ; and therefore as he had endeavoured to do his best in regard to the communication he was making , it must be entirely confidential , leaving it at the same time to government to publish such parts of them as they might think right . Ho rather expressed a wish that they should be published , for if it transpired that he had sent home dispatches , and nothing was to be published , it might appear extraordinary ; at the same time leaving it entirely to the discretion of government . Certainly , some parts of the dispatches alluded to are of a delicate nature , but , as the greater part of them do so much credit to that great and lamented character , I am satisfied my noble relation would have published them more fully , if he had been aware of the anxiety of that general himself , and if the hurry of business had permitted him to discriminate with accuracy what might be made public without detriment to the public service . I trust , therefore , that the greater part of these dispatches are such as ministers may approve for publication , as I am satisfied that it will be to the army the greatest gratification they can receive . I certainly did not understand that the hon . and lamented officer had expressed any such anxious wish upon the subject : if I had thought so , I would certainly have endeavoured to discharge , to the utmost , that duty which appears due to his memory . I can , 133 however , assure the house , that government made such a communication as they , at the lime they received