of Russia was at that time such that it was necessary to have an ambassador with whom he could have the most confidential intercourse . Neither of these noble lords had since returned to burden the pension list . Ire removed no other man without some special reason , except Mr. Drummond ; and if he had appointed lord Amherst to a diplomatic situation , it was certainly not with the least idea of his ever claiming a pension for his services , and he would venture to say , that however he might , have sinned in the appointments he made , his sin was not against public economy . He 374 then defended the appointments of Mr. Villiers to Portugal , and of Mr. Douglas to Sicily . The latter had been private secretary to lord Pembroke , and was a young man of considerable attention to business . He would never allow the principle that until all the old diplomatists were exhausted and used up , that no young men of talents and attention to business should be taken as recruits . cited the instance of a secretary of legation at Dresden who had been pensioned , and of a Mr. Drake , who had been consul at Venice , having been also pensioned . He instanced the same thing in the cases of the consuls at Algiers , Tripoli , and Tunis . explained . The pension of the first had been granted under peculiar circumstances . It was to a man very far advanced in years , who had been 40 years in the public service . Mr. Drake , the consul at Venice , lost the whole of his fortune on the subversion of the Venetian government . He recommended that he should have a pension , not on the ground of right , but as a case of compassion . In this application he did not succeed . allowed that the seat of Mr. Jeffery was vacated by his acceptance of the appointment . thought , that if ever the old system of things returned in Europe , and all our consuls were paid fine salaries , they should not be allowed to sit in that house , or otherwise ministers could bring their consuls from Flanders to vote as readily as their friends from Ireland . rose to oppose it on the ground he had formerly done ; viz . that it was a bill which in its principle and tendency was adverse to the agricultural interests of the country , and ought not therefore to be continued , without very sufficient reasons being given for such a measure . He was more particular in this opinion at the present moment , as he understood that by the present bill Ireland was to be exempted from its operation ; a measure which he thought was by no means just or fair ; for as it was intended as a matter of accommodation and benefit to the West India interests , he thought that both countries ought to bear an equal proportion of the burden on their agricultural concerns . thought the measure had 375 not had sufficient time given it to produce those bad effects ; and , it seemed , in general , not to be opposed by a large class of the community , although they took alarm at it last year . He , however , could not approve of exempting one part of the united kingdom from its operation , and allowing it to continue in the other ; and , therefore , he wished to know whether the right hon . gent , opposite had taken up that exemption upon grounds of full information ? It appeared perfectly uncertain whether Ireland could be exempted with safely to the revenue . He was informed that the licensed distillers of Ireland would have distilled move from sugar than they had done , if the duties had been the same there as in England and Scotland . answered , that the consequence found , to arise from the measure applying to Ireland , was , that more grain had been