have we not secured the very object of your accusation ? have we not Lisbon ? if cautionary towns are deemed requisite—is there not Lisbon on which you can retreat ? The inhabitants of that city , impressed with gratitude for their deliverance from the French , will receive you with open arms . On this subject , I hope the right hon . gentleman is well-informed . What is the view of men in office in Lisbon , he necessarily knows better than myself ; but what the disposition of the people of Lisbon really is , I think I have as good means of knowing as himself . And from those means I do assert , that the people there do not hesitate to declare that they do not like the English.—But of this argument , as it is termed by the right hon . gentleman , of retreating upon Lisbon , even if it were admitted that the inhabitants would receive our army with open arms and grateful hearts , I will dispose by one single question—Wiil the right hon . gent , assert his credence that any man thinks it now possible for the British army to march to Lisbon ? The right hon . gent , has , it seems , with all his military information and acknowledged want of military talents , 82 triumphantly announced the prudent retention of a cautionary town for a point of safe retreat , to which there is only one slight inconvenience attached ; namely , the utter impracticability ; I perhaps should be justified in saying impossibility , of reaching this same cautionary town—this prudent point of retreat . So much then for the fruitless attempt of the right hon . gent , to shake the sensible and solid argument of my right hon . friend on this point . At length , however , after having secured this safe point of retreat , ministers proceed to the formation of that mass of force , in which alone the Spaniards were told our military power could be exerted in their favour , and a part of this mass , that was not to have been frittered away in divisions , arrived at Corunna , many hundred miles distant from this safe point of retreat , under , the command of sir David Baird . The Spaniards shewed no great alacrity in receiving that army , from what cause I can not pretend to say , but certain it is , that no arrangement whatever had been made by our government for their reception in Spain , nor was it until the authorities at Corunna had received directions from the Junta of Seville , that our troops , after having been , kept for many days cooped up in the transports , in the harbour of Corunna , were permitted to land ; and even then , they were restricted to the daily landing of 2000 men only . Thus , sir , we had , at last , one division of an army in Spain ; and I am well assured that I incur no hazard of contradiction in asserting , that a more gallant body of men was never assembled . But , Sir , I will also assert , that of all the armies that have ever taken the field , that of which I am now speaking was provided with the very worst commissariat that ever was attached to any army . But had this commissariat , instead of being the very worst , been composed of a selection of the most experienced , intelligent , and active individuals this empire could produce , it would , nevertheless , have been wholly inefficient , for the commissariat was literally destitute of the means of performing its duty . It did not possess a single sixpence in money , and when the troops arrived at Corunna , they were supplied with those necessaries , which it was the duty and office of the commissariat to have provided , solely at the individual expense and on the individual credit of the officers of that army.—We are told