this country and America , the insurance had experienced a considerable advance , —of from 30 to 40 per cent , that the insurance upon American ships to the Continent , if they happened to touch at this infected country , was still higher—and that the insurance upon the direct trade to the Continent was so high as to amount to a stoppage . Here was a convincing proof that our commerce had received a fatal check , previous to the issuing of the Orders in Council . It was unnecessary for him to go over the whole of the testimony , as it was well-known that many of the most respectable and best informed witnesses had deposed to the same effect . But the matter did not rest there , for , from the returns laid upon the table from the Customhouse , it appeared that in consequence of the strict execution of this Decree , no less than 65 ships had , in the space of two months from the 1st of Sept. to the 30th of Oct. desired permission to reland their cargoes . Was any further proof necessary to establish the melancholy truth that our trade was laid prostrate by the Berlin Decrees , and effectually obstructed before the adoption of the Orders in Council ! It might appear to some , that he had occupied too much time on the point to which he had applied himself , but it was so essential to the question before the house , and was likely to produce , and had produced , such an effect upon the opinions and the policy of America , that he thought it of the greatest consequence to dwell upon it ; he would , therefore , beg leave to notice a periodical publication of great notoriety and character , in which the principle was asserted , that there was no interruption to the trade of neutral vessels , until the Orders in Council took place , in which it was also avowed , that until that moment the insurance was not raised . Those statements , so contrary to the truth , had gone forth in a publication known to be favourable to the other side of the house , and they had made their way to America , and made their impression . The publication to which he alluded was the Edinburgh Review , which was constantly hostile to the Antigallican measures of this country . The hon . member here read an extract from the work , wherein it was stated , as he contended , in the teeth of the evidence , that the trade of neutrals bad not been interrupted by the Berlin Decree ; that the rate of insurance had remained as before ; 1186 that the Decrees had neither been enforced nor acceded to , till our Orders had appeared , which had produced all the mischief ; and that we were answerable for all the distress which had resulted from the obstruction of commerce . The same line had been taken by the daily prints attached to the party on the other side . America had made use of this argument , and alledged that our trade had suffered no damage from the Berlin Decrees ; and even the British party in America had not been bold enough , in the face of such open and continued misrepresentation , to state how the fact really was ; Mr. Pickering , who had so ably and so justly defended the British cause , had not stated it . The misrepresentations were so bold that the friends of truth had been afraid to advance it . These misrepresentations he compared to the audacious impostures of the profligate usurper , who had represented the defeat of the French at Trafalgar as a victory ; who had represented the brave and illustrious Palafox as a fool and a coward ; and -who had represented the defeat of the French at Corunna as a victory gained over the British army by one fourth of its numbers . These falsehoods were published for the sake of a temporary effect ;