have surrendered at discretion , and there was no reason to believe that he would not have done his duty in that respect.—But in the second place he did not allow that the French would have been reduced to this extreme distress . General Loison had crossed the Tagus , quelled the insurrection in Alentejo , returned again by repassing the Tagus , and by this means removed the difficulties which the French might otherwise have experienced in the retreat to Elvas . But it had been said that Junot would have been obliged to surrender at last . This was true ; but at what time of the year ? After our army should have got possession of the forts on the Tagus it would have been necessary to put it in a situation of equipment fitted for reducing the fort of Elvas by a regular siege , and for this a considerable length of time would have been required . He ( sir Arthur ) affirmed that the British army would not be in a condition to reduce the fort till the beginning of December , and then it might be thought advisable to give the French army the same , or nearly the same terms , as those which were granted them in August . Considering the relative situation of the armies then , he did not think it disgraceful to allow the French to embark . He thought the gaining of time also an important object with a view to the operations in Spain.—He was aware that the presence of a British army there might be of the greatest consequence , in order to give the Spaniards strength in their own union , and to prevent their being cut off in detail . The 935 same noble lord , to whom he had alluded as a high military authority , had said that the officers in the command of the expedition ought to have attended more to the great advantages which in the then situation of affairs would have resulted from compelling the enemy to lay down their arms and surrender at discretion.—But no such object had been prescribed in the Instructions to the officers commanding the British forces . Undoubtedly , as it was the duty of every officer , to endeavour to oblige a hostile force opposed to him to lay down their arms , there was no need of such Instructions.—But the question was , whether to prosecute that object they ought to have given up other material points in time and circumstances , and to abandon the advantages they had gained . It would not be as honourable to the British arms , if after pursuing the enemy into Alentejo , and the consequent loss of time and blood , the same , or nearly as good terms were to be granted to the enemy . If it was not disgraceful to have allowed the French to evacuate Cairo and Alexandria in Egypt , the Convention for the evacuation of Portugal could not be disgraceful , he allowed that the circumstances of the two cases were different , as was also the state of Europe , though he contended that the result in both was equally free from disgrace . There was one topic more to which he was anxious ? to advert , with regard to the Court of Inquiry . He perfectly agreed with the noble lord in the wish that this might be the last Court of this kind which should ever assemble . It was not a Court before which any officer would desire to be tried . A general impression had gone abroad , that this Court had been instituted by his noble friend out of friendship to him . It was rather hard upon him to be subjected to such a reflection ; as , if he had been tried in any other manner , he must have been acquitted . As far as he was concerned , he must say , without meaning to blame any of the members , that this Court had been a source of injustice , and he therefore hoped it