a right to see that no delay took place . He would not believe that the hon . gent . would prefer Charges of this serious kind , relying on the absence of the witnesses . said he had many reasons for wishing to fix Tuesday instead of Monday . He was not yet able to discover where a Mrs. Shaw lived . He had been told that she was in Bath , and his agent had inquired there , but found she had left it . He believed she would be a material witness . He wished for no unnecessary delay , but he hoped that the usual indulgence of the house would grant him a few days to consider which Charge he should next go into . He would even engage to communicate to-morrow to the rt . hon . gent , in private the Charge he meant next to proceed on , and to give the list of witnesses whose attendance he should require . saw no right any gentleman had to compel his hon . friend to proceed in the absence of any of his witnesses . He was asking no more than common indulgence , in desiring that he might have till Monday to fix an early day for proceeding . The business already standing in the order book , for Monday , was more than sufficient for that day . said , it might be found that there was enough standing in 361 the order-book for every day of the session ; but that was no reason why this important discussion should be delayed . If any of the witnesses were absent , that was enough . But why the hon . member had not made up his mind which Charge he was next to proceed on , he could not possibly conceive . agreed that he could see no reason why the hon . member should not have made up his mind on that subject . But though he could not sec it , the hon . gent , might have reasons for it in his own mind , which were perfectly satisfactory . One reason for not fixing the farther proceeding for Monday the hon . gent . had already stated , namely , the absence of Mrs. Shaw . These were Charges of a serious nature , no doubt , but they were also Charges in which the public were interested , and gentlemen would not consult the true character of the house or of the king if the person preferring such Charges was treated with unkindness and browbeating . He thought , on the contrary , that the accuser , as well as the accused , should be treated in the most impartial manner . He thought this justice was the more peculiarly due to the accuser , when a right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) had thrown out a sort of threat to him , in saying , that infamy must attach somewhere . This threat , however , notwithstanding the high authority and official weight of the quarter from whence it proceeded , would not , as he believed , produce its object . No person on that side of the house where he sat could have any interest in supporting the hon . gent . They had not been consulted on the subject of the Charges , or on the mode of bringing them forward . As the hon . gent , however , relied on himself alone , he should be treated with kindness . It would be odd if gentlemen on the other side of the house , who expressed such anxiety to meet the Charges , should now , by pushing on the hon . member while his proof was incomplete , defeat the very object which they stated they had so much at heart . considered it a most unfounded insinuation to construe what he had said into a threat or a supposition that his official weight was to have any influence on the determination of the committee . He should however say , that he believed the hon . gent