supply of transports . But in 1808 , two months after the insurrection had broken out in Spain , it appears that 800 is the limited number for which he has provided the means of conveyance , and in his dispatch of the 15th of July , he tells general Wellesley , that as great proportion of cavalry , as his means of transport will enable him , shall be sent , and that great proportion turns out to be 700 men ! —So much for the cavalry employed in sir A. Wellesley 's expedition : but there is another part still more singular . I have in vain sought for explanation with respect to this part . I mean the equipments of the artillery and horses . Except from the single evidence of sir A. Wellesley , I have been able to procure no information . He says , that when the expedition sailed , it being uncertain whether it might not remain long at sea , and it being doubtful in what part of the peninsula it might be serviceable , it was thought advisable not to take good horses to draw the guns.—I have heard of cases where it has been necessary to have particularly good 907 artillery horses . I have heard of cases where it has not been necessary to have any artillery horses at all ; but this is the first time in my life that I have ever heard of an expedition in which it was expedient to have bad artillery horses . It is the first time I ever heard of an expedition , the nature of which was such that it was necessary to work it up with bad materials ; or that , because the expedition itself was uncertain , and the plan not fixed , therefore , if by chance it should become otherwise , the instruments were to be imperfect and insufficient , as it will be found these were . The account of colonel Robe describes the horses as sick , lame , blind , cast off , and unfit for service ; and this was not by accident , but by conceit between lord Hawkesbury and the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , before the Expedition sailed from that country . Thus appointed , the expedition proceeded to Corunna . At Corunna the General was directed to take the advice of the Junta . The Junta , finding no use for him , desired him to go to Portugal . You will find that the Junta of the Asturias applied to the General to come back , because they had the French in their neighbourhood . The Junta of Gallicia desired him to keep at a distance , as they apprehended nothing from the French , and they seem to have had no more partiality for the one than the other . The General debarked his troops in Mondego Bay . While he was doing this , a new scene opened . The gallant General sailed on the 12th of July , conceiving himself to be the Commander-in Chief of the expedition , which was to effect the destruction of the enemy in Portugal . And yet three days after that a new commander-in-chief is appointed . In fact , not only one , but six general officers superior to him in rank are successively sent out to Portugal . If gentlemen will look to the Papers upon the table , they will see the different dispatches appointing these different commanders , all dated the 15th of July . Among others , there is the commander-in-chief , who a short time before was thought a person of little importance at Gibraltar , but now thought a proper officer to be commander-in-chief , not , however , permanently , but for the present ; for it seems , that the noble lord , when he appointed sir Hew Dalrymple commander-in-chief , had it in his head to give the army another commander over him , had the campaign continued . Having appointed all this variety of com- 908 manders , having sent sir A. Wellesley to undertake a