Court of Directors , with whom such a measure had been for some time in contemplation , in consequence of the rumours prevalent that such a traffic for the disposal of such places had been carried on , and which , by no possibility , could have their sanction . What had passed in evidence before a Committee of the house last night , rendered it necessary no longer to defer this motion , in order as well to vindicate the Court of Directors from every idea of countenancing such transactions , as to trace them , if possible , to detection . He concluded by moving : `` That a Select Committee be appointed , to enquire into the existence of any corrupt practices in regard to the Appointment and Nomination of Writers or Cadets , in the service of the East India Company , or any agreement , negotiation , or bargain , direct or indirect , for the sale thereof ; and to report the same , as it shall appear to them , 505 to the house ; together with their observations thereupon . '' seconded the motion , and expressed his regret , that he was not present last night , when something was stated upon the subject , by one of the witnesses before the Committee . He assured the house , that nothing could be more satisfactory to the Court of Directors than the institution of the inquiry proposed ; for , as public men , they felt it a painful duty to meet imputations , the sources of which they found it impossible to discover notwithstanding their most vigilant exertions . About eight or nine years since , the directors , upon a report of this kind having reached them , instituted an immediate and minute inquiry , to ascertain whether such abuses did exist , as the advertisements every day inserted in the public papers for the purchase of such appointments seemed to imply ; as the directors , if they found that any such transaction had the aid or countenance of any of their own body , were determined to make that person a public example ; and it was in consequence reported to the Court that the patronage of a member of that body had been bestowed in favour of a clerk in the India house , who had received a cadetship , which appointment the party had sold ; but as soon as the fact was discovered , he was dismissed from his employment . The motion passed in the affirmative ; and Mr. Smith being called on to name such members as he thought most eligible , expressed his wish that the house would interfere , and take up the inquiry upon general grounds , and that no person belonging to the Court of Directors , or Board of Controul , should be a member of the Committee . He wished rather that it should be chosen from the house at large ; and he therefore named fifteen members unconnected with India affairs , and who were ordered to sit to-morrow . thought it necessary , before the Committee proceeded to examine evidence , to offer a few observations , in consequence of something in the evidence of Mr. Donovan last night , stating that a Letter written by Mrs. Clarke to him about a capt . Tucker was framed by Mr. Finnerty . Upon a former day he had stated every thing he knew about Mr. Finner- 506 ty ; that lie never saw him until about the time major Hogan 's pamphlet was published , and only once more in the lobby of the house , when he had said something to him about Dr. Thynne . Mr. Finnerty might possibly have mentioned to him Mr. Tucker 's name ; but he solemnly declared he never received from Mr. Finnerty , any information whatever , about Mr. Tucker . Having , therefore , put the Committee in possession of all he knew about Mr. Finnerty , and of all the information , or rather non-information , he had given him ( for , in fact