India had produced the longest peace that had ever been known there ; whereas the peace of 1781 , made in a few hours , continued for a period of 19 years , till the gallant general was sent out to India with a discretionary power of peace or war in his pocket . The whole system of India had been wrong ever since the minister of the crown had interfered to set it right . The India Company were sufficient to do every thing that could be wished , but the Board of Controul would not permit it . Print the journals of the Board of Controul , and there would appear a system of the greatest fraud and peculation that was ever heard of . When the house came to the consideration of the finances of this country , which he hoped would soon be the case , it would be found that here , as in India , the shameful profligacy and lavish expenditure which had for so many years existed in full blossom , had wasted all the resources of the country in undue patronage , and influence of one kind or other . As to the Exposition , it ought to be produced , that those in the house who wished not to be on any Committee , might see how the resources of the country had been managed . Whilst the whole play of dethroning princes and rajahs was carrying on , not a word of information was sent to their masters the Directors : but they continued in full correspondence with the Board of Controul , and now they were going to club their efforts as a cover to blind the public , and keep them in ignorance of what is going on . He would advise the Chancellor of the Exchequer to take care how he parted with the public money , for he would shew soon , that the looseness and profligacy which had been used in lavishing it away , had drawn the country into all the difficulties under which it now laboured ; and to give us a system which , had annihilated all the resources of the India Company , was absurd and preposterous . He had thought it necessary to trouble the house thus much on the business of this Committee , but his chief aim 1043 was to caution the Chancellor of the Exchequer how he parted with the public money . spoke in favour of this Committee , which , if it had any fault , it was that of leaning too much towards the East India Company . He coincided with Mr. Whitbread , in his panegyric on sir P. Francis , whose name , if he had been in the house , would have been one of the first proposed by his hon . friend to be upon the Committee . in consequence of his notice , rose to move for the production of the Exposition , which had been laid before the last Committee , which he considered as calculated to give more information than the Report of the Committee . In order to shew the grounds for this impression on his mind , he would read certain passages from the paper . spoke to order , he considered it irregular to read from a paper , of which it was the object of the motion to obtain the production . observed that it was perfectly in order for a gentleman to state the grounds for his motion . proceeded to read from the Exposition , when , informed him that it was not regular to read to the house that which he was asking the house to order to be produced . It was the same as with a petition , of which a member might state generally what was the scope and nature , but it was not allowed to be read , even at the table , till the permission of the house was received . desisting from reading the passages , took a general view of the motives which induced him to offer this motion to the house