the greatest possible concern , both on account of the Commander in Chief , and the hon . gent . who had brought it forward , ( hear ! hear ! ) who took so heavy a résponsibility upon himself . But he was glad that the house had come at last to some Charges against h. r. h. the Commander in Chief in a tangible form . At length they could reach in a tangible shape some of those libels which had for some time past been more assiduously and pertinaciously circulated than at any former period in this country so prolific in libels . Publications which he would treat as libels , ( hear ! hear ! ) had lately appeared against the Commander in Chief , and these had been circulated with a pertinacity hitherto unexampled . He was glad therefore that something was now brought forward in a tangible form , and he hoped the House would do its duty to itself , to the country , and to the Royal House of Brunswick— ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) ; that blame might rest where it ought to be fixed , and that if there was no ground for these accusations , justice might he done to the Commander in Chief . And he sincerely hoped , that if the latter should turn out to be the fact— the hon . gent . would be enabled to acquit himself , by shewing at least , that there existed some probable reasons in support of the heavy charge which he had taken upon himself . For my own part , Mr. Yorke continued , I believe that there exists a Conspiracy of the most atrocious and diabolical kind against his royal highness ( loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) — founded on the Jacobinical spirit which appeared at the commencement of the French revolution ; for though this spirit did not shew itself exactly in the same form as at first , when once raised it was not easily quelled , and it never could promote its views with better hopes of success than by talking down illustrious persons— ( hear ! hear ! ) . It was the object to write down his royal highness— it was no less so to write down all the establishments of the country . By means of the press , the liberty of which was so valuable , and the licentiousness of which was so pernicious , it appeared to be the design of the Conspirators to write 191 down the military system through the Commander in Chief—the army through its generals , and other establishments through the persons most conspicuous in each—and of this plan the present was only a particular instance , ( hear ! hear ! ) — He was glad that this enquiry was to taka place , because there was in the country a conspiracy against all that was eminent in the state . They all knew what that spirit was upon which this conspiracy was founded ; and though it was not the same at present as at the time of the French revolution , yet , as the late Mr. Pitt had truly said , `` the Jacobinical spirit , when once roused , is not easily put down . '' The spirit was not yet extinct , and the consequence was a conspiracy for talking and writing down every thing illustrious and eminent in the nation—to run down the royal family through the duke of York , and to run down the army through its generals . This was a consequence of a free press , the freedom of which was justly considered the palladium of liberty , but whose licentiousness was the destruction of civil society . That licentiousness of the press bad been actively directed against the illustrious person who was the object of this motion , and who from his station and all his past services , might be supposed secure from its attacks . Let blame fall where it ought ; but the House ought to consider the illustrious object against whom