, equal to about one-third of the sum annually raised by licences to wear hair-powder ; and even that sum , he understood was levied upon articles which had been exported from America , previous to the Embargo , and consequently previous to intelligence having been received of the Orders in Council , the actual issue of which , he acknowledged , appeared to him not to have been known in America till after the Embargo had taken place.— As a financial project , therefore , the measure had failed , and yet it was in the form of a Money Bill only that it had been brought his year before Parliament.— In what other respect had it succeeded ? A noble Friend of his ( the Earl of Liverpool ) had formerly said , that he thought it of all measures the most likely to bring the enemy to reason . Had his noble Friend 's expectation been realized ? Had he , during the last six months , seen any symptoms of returning reason on the part of France ? At the close of the last session , the Lords Commissioners expressed in his majesty 's name a persuasion `` That in the result the enemy will be convinced of the impolicy of persevering in a system which retorts upon himself , in so much greater proportion , those evils which he endeavours to inflict upon this country . '' Is that period arrived , and have we real grounds for believing that such has been the effect of our Orders , or that our own conduct has tended to produce it ? — In fact , the consequences which might have resulted from a system of just and salutary rigour , had , in a great degree , been precluded by our licenses to import from France and Holland various articles , a vent for which was highly advantageous to those countries , although not called for by any national interest of our own . The export , by license , of many articles of foreign , and particularly of colonial produce , had also been allowed . Here again the conduct of Government was completely at variance with their system : the beneficial effects of privation appeared to be lost sight of : though he acknowledged it to be his own opinion , that the probable advantages of that system had been greatly over-rated . The want of tobacco , rice , coffee , molasses , & c. & c. was not likely to be so severely felt on 792 the Continent as along-continued want of employment must be by the manufacturers and artisans of Great Britain : besides which , the people of France and her dependencies were taught to believe , that in submitting to such privations , they contributed to create so much distress and discontent in this country , as must necessarily accelerate the restoration of peace . —But the complete and triumphant result , to which all our wishes and efforts should be directed , undoubtedly was , that amity and intercourse should be discontinued between America and France , and cordially renewed between Great Britain and America ; and that the enemy should suffer not merely as much , or more than this country , but that whilst they laboured under all the inconveniences of a total suspension of commerce , those experienced by ourselves should be comparitively inconsiderable.— Such was the prospect opened to us by the offer through Mr. Pinckney , and he trusted that it was not finally destroyed by the ill-considered and repulsive manner in which that offer had been treated by our Goverment.— The professed object of the Orders , an object undeniably legitimate was `` to retort upon the enemy the evils of his own injustice . '' It was however evident , that unless America submitted to the measures adopted for its attainment ; which it was fruitless , if not impossible , to expect , it could not be accomplished without a large participation of those evils by Great Britain . The proposal from America through Mr. Pinckney had a direct tendency