a moment that any enlightened statesman , or even any man of common sense in this country , can be desirous that the United States should again become the colonial possessions of this country . It is a well-known and notorious fact , that the commerce , the wealth , and the prosperity of this country have been greatly increased in consequence of the revolution by which the colonies , now forming the United States , were separated from this country , and it is impossible that any man of common sense can wish that they should be again brought back to the situation of colonies . What , however , is the effect of the Orders in Council ? They were clothed in a number of words which even those who framed them scarcely understood ; which were very difficult to be understood by others . But what has been their effect , for to their practical effect we must 775 look in considering the extent and relations of these measures ? America , in the present stale of the world , is the only country upon which they could operate ; and with respect to America , their effect is to produce a colonial monopoly of all the merchandize of the United Stales , which is to be brought to this country to pay duty before it can be conveyed to any part of the world . How , then , must such a measure operate upon the minds of the people of America , jealous of their newly acquired independence , and still more jealous of this country , from the notion which I before stated to prevail amongst them ; how much must such a measure tend to alienate their minds from this country ? We were told in high sounding language when these measures were before parliament , of the sums , which would be raised by the duties levied upon neutral commerce , of rendering the commerce of the enemy tributary to this country , and of making the enemy himself contribute largely to the expences of the war , and to relieve the pressure and the burdens of the people of this country . What , my lords , has been the revenue actually raised from this source , the productiveness of which was so pompously announced ? It appears by a statement of the produce of the duties levied under the Orders in Council Acts , up to the 5th of January , that they have produced the enormous sum of Thirty-one thousand pounds ! Thirty-one thousand pounds , my lords , to relieve the pressure and burdens of the people , and to contribute largely to the expenses of the war ; and this sum levied upon vessels brought by force into our ports . ( A cry of No , no ! from the other side of the house ! ) It has been , however , partly levied upon vessels brought by force into our ports , and partly upon those coming in voluntarily . In looking at such a sum thus produced , it may well be asked , as it was with respect to the Tax on Tea , forty years ago , in America , what price do we pay for this paltry revenue ? And yet the Tea Duty , would have produced mints and millions , compared with the produce of the Duties , levied under that unjust and impolitic measure , the Orders in Council . When I contemplate such a paltry issue derived from this measure , so much boasted of , for the benefit which it was to confer upon the country , I can not impute to his majesty 's ministers so much ignorance as to suppose they bad any other motive in carrying into effect the Orders in Council 776 than to force America into hostility . I do not wish to have this expression considered as uttered in the warmth of argument , for I do firmly believe , that it is the object of his majesty 's ministers to do every thing in their power to force