America into hostility with this country . It is incumbent , upon me , my lords , to declare my retractation of an opinion which I had taken up in consequence of an erroneous impression from an expression used in the President 's Message to Congress , and which I was at first induced to believe displayed a greater partiality to France than to this country , in offering to the former power to become a party in the war against this country . I had no further information upon the subject.— Ministers ought to have been informed upon it , and yet the noble earl , his majesty 's Secretary of State , argued , that this partiality to France was actually evinced ; that this difference in the overtures made to the two countries actually took place , although it is now perfectly clear that there was no difference , that there was no greater partiality to France , than to this country , and that the propositions made to the two countries , were not merely in effect , but were verbatim the same . An attentive consideration , even of the expression in the Message of the President , which has been so much misrepresented , will clearly prove that the difference stated to exist between the propositions made to the two countries , was not stated by him to exist . The expression in the Message , to which I allude , is this : `` The instructions to our ministers , with respect to the different belligerents , were necessarily modified with a reference to their different circumstances , and to the condition annexed by law to the executive power of suspension , requiring a degree of security to our commerce , which would not result from a repeal of the Decrees of France . Instead of a pledge , therefore , for a suspension of the Embargo as to her , in case of such a repeal , it was presumed that a sufficient inducement might be found in other considerations , and particularly in the change produced by a compliance with our just demands , by one belligerent , and a refusal by the other , in the relations I between this other and the United States '' —It must be clearly evident that the repeal of the French Decrees , would not give the necessary security to the commerce of America , and therefore it was not thought necessary to offer to the 777 French government the repeal of the Embargo in ret urn ; bat it was offered to France , that it she would repeal her Decrees , and we refused to rescind our Orders in Council , that America would then be at war with this country ; but it was offered to us , not merely that if we repealed our Orders in Council , and France refused to rescind her Decrees , America would be at war with France , but that the Embargo should be suspended with respect to this country . Thus the greater advantage was offered to us , instead of any partiality being shewn to France . That this was explained to his majesty 's ministers , and must have been understood by them , appears clearly front the papers on the table . In a letter from Mr. Pinkney to Mr. Secretary Canning , dated the 23d of August , 1808 will be found the following passage . `` If , as I propose , your Orders should be rescinded as to the United States , and our Embargo rescinded as to Great Britain , the effect of these concurrent acts will be , that the commercial intercourse of the two countries will be immediately resumed ; while , if France should adhere to maxims and conduct , derogatory to the neutral rights of the United Stales , the Embargo continuing as to her , will take the place of your Orders , and lead with an efficacy , not merely equal to theirs , but probably much greater , to all the consequences that ought to result from them .