his name held up to the public coupled with some of the persons who had been examined there . Some pains were taken to obviate his objections ; but he said he was afraid the right hon . gent . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and his connections , might injure him in his professional pursuits ; indeed , his principal apprehension seemed to be of professional injury . He was asked , if it was a matter of etiquette in his profession , in cases of bankruptcy , not to produce such papers ; and he answered , 'No ' but said , that as the matter was taken up as a ministerial question [ No ! no ! no ! from the Treasury bench ] he was afraid to produce them , as the 661 consequences to his family might be injurious , and he should be ruined in his profession . This case , to the noble lord 's own personal knowledge , was not the only one in which important evidence on this subject had been kept back on similar grounds , for he knew of several officers in the army who could offer very important evidence , in support of the charges , but who could not be induced to come forward , avowedly through the apprehension that they would , in consequence , suffer severely in their professional pursuits , and be ultimately ruined.—It was early in the morning of this day when he had last seen the solicitor . Inquiry was made whether the papers were then in his possession ; and he answered 'No , ' frankly declaring that he had purposely put them out of his possession , that he might assign that as a reason for not producing them . He was asked whether they were destroyed ; the reply was , that they were not ; for he had handed them over to a friend . He had left the noble lord with a promise , that he would immediately consult a learned gent . the late Solicitor General ( sir S. Romilly ) to whom he would submit the business , take his advice how to act , and acquaint the noble lord with the result at a quarter past three that day . The noble lord said he attended at the time and place appointed : but instead of the man , he found a note from him , stating that his learned friend was professionally engaged before the Master of the Rolls , and lie could hot see him , but would take a speedy opportunity of consulting him , and would act according to the advice he should give him.—The noble lord said , he felt it his duty to communicate these circumstances immediately to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to move for the production of these papers , and the attendance of this solicitor , for which he had already moved . As he had not seen those documents , he could not say they would bear directly on the case of the army ; but as the disposal of places under government had been frequently mentioned in the course of this inquiry and as he understood the papers in question bore directly upon that subject , he hoped there would be no objection to their production . When they should come before the house , he should suggest that , as in the case of the letters produced last night , a select Committee should be appointed to examine them , and report their opinion , touching the matter contained therein . said , that the noble lord had been particularly strenuous in calling on the house , and on the country , to hold the way in which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) had been treated in opening this business , and the way in which the noble lord himself had been treated , yesterday , in everlasting remembrance . If so , he ( Mr. Perceval ) hoped it would also be held in correct remembrance . The noble lord was