in Spain was less pure , because that country had not agreed or participated in hailing the dawn of liberty , which was once thought to illume the horizon of France . But surely no sight could be more grand and animating , than such a people , whose character for ages had been famed for many virtues and noble qualities , rising against foreign injustice , tyranny and oppression , resolved to be independant , or to perish in the struggle . Could we wonder at the sympathy which the people of this country felt , at the energy with which they came forward , and at the glowing participation of sentiment , which they expressed in a cause so like their own . Speculative men might differ on points relating to internal reforms and regulations ; but it was evident , that the Spanish people did not think the return of a native king to his legal throne , incompatible with national reform . The cause of Spain had lost none of its first interest , and Britain was still bound to extend her mighty arm , to save and to succour . Under these circumstances he could easily conceive what his majesty 's feelings must have been , when it was proposed to him to abandon the 32 cause of Spain , a proposition to accord with which would have been disgraceful to the sovereign and to the country . When he heard of the opening of negociations , he entertained little or no hopes of success . Buonaparté would not give up his pretensions , and we were not base enough to agree to the shameful terms offered as the grounds of treaty . Indeed , no one could believe that the two emperors at Erfurth ever entertained an idea that their proposals could be listened to , as they must have been aware , from the history of this country , that we were not in the habit of deserting our allies , and surely they could never expect that we would degenerate from our known character , in a cause so great and important as the present.—As the house were not yet in possession of the Treaty of Alliance entered into with the Supreme Junta , it would be premature to make any remarks upon that subject . The contest we had undertaken was arduous , but we were not on that account to despond . If so , we might have long since sat down in dumb despair , and have submitted to France . He trusted , therefore , that not withstanding the surrounding difficulties , with our assistance , Spain would yet triumph over her misfortunes , and confound her oppressors ; Per damna , per coedes , ab ipso Ducit opes animumque , ferro . The next topic to which he would allude was the campaign in Portugal ; and he could have no doubt of the house acquiescing in a sentiment which acknowledged the gallantry and excellence of our forces employed in that country . The battles fought spoke for themselves . In no cases were the discipline of men , or the skill and military talents of their generals , more conspicuous . As a proof of this , it was only necessary to revert to the expression of public opinion on the campaign , which was not considered as commensurate to what ought to have been secured from the bravery displayed by our soldiers , and the success that had attended their efforts.—The next subject touched upon was our relations with Sweden ; and though Russia , by dint of superior forces , had obtained advantages over our ally , yet every one must admire the king of Sweden 's steady adherence to the principles which first united him to us , and drew down the implacable hatred and vengeance of Buonaparté upon his head . His determination also not to listen to terms of accommodation , hostile to the independ- 33 ence of the Spanish nation , gave him an additional claim to our support . It was our . duty , then , to assist