question . Whilst it justified his character it was the condemnation of theirs . It was the glory of a military officer to achieve success under great disadvantages . There was no credit to be gained horn good fortune , where there were no disadvantages to be encountered , no difficulties to be overcome . But , the glory of an administration consists in placing their officers in circumstances where success shall be easy , where they can not chuse but win , and where of consequence their glory must , be little . The merits of executive officers and of those who employ them move often in this respect exactly in a counter order . What is the boast of the officer , is the reproach of the minister ; and the triumph of the minister in preparing an easy victory takes from the officer his means of distinction . The circumstances , therefore , which enhanced the merit of the gallant general constituted the blame of the ministers who produced them . As to the opinion expressed by the hon . general respecting the Convention , he must differ with him upon that point ; though the reasons assigned for that opinion were perfectly neutral , so far as his majesty 's ministers were concerned . Unquestionably , a prima facie responsibility attached upon ministers for every public measure ; yet he would admit that , upon examination , the Convention was one of which they stood perfectly clear . But when he allowed they stood clear of the Convention itself , he did not mean , that there was not matter of responsibility in their preceding conduct ; that they were not responsible for the manner in which they superseded the commanding officers ; and for all the other circumstances which arrested the hon . general 's career of success , and led to the Convention . The 938 hon . general had certainly stated that the want of cavalry would not have prevented him from following up his victory . But had he stated , that it had not produced that effect in others ? and was it not the reason principally insisted upon by the members of the Court of Inquiry , why the generals who refused to concur in that course , were justified in their refusal ? He could not but believe , notwithstanding this opinion of the members of the Court , that the hon . general was right , and that if left to himself he would have accomplished all that he had said he could . He ( Mr. W. ) must fairly confess that he could hardly entertain a doubt upon that point . Still the doubt was entertained , and , in the opinion of the members of the Court , was rightly entertained , and it is this which in point of fact , prevented the victory from being followed up : and this doubt was founded almost entirely upon the deficiency of cavalry . So that , let who will be right , it was they , who , for whatever reasons , forbore to provide the army with a larger proportion of cavalry , upon whom it must be charged , that the victory of Vimiera fell so far short of what it might have done , and instead of the capture of the enemy 's army , only produced their removal from Portugal , upon the disgraceful terms which we had witnessed . This was the great feature of the case , as it respected his majesty 's ministers . This was the great connecting link , which made them responsible for measures in which directly , it is true , they had no share . They did not make the Convention . No : but they made that which did make the Convention ; which rendered it necessary , as some say ; but without which , it is agreed on all hands , the Convention , would not have been made.—Was the result of the Campaign in Portugal such as to satisfy the hopes and expectation of the country ? This was