, could be most satisfactorily obtained by an inquiry , private in 196 its progress , but to be public in the result , particularly when he reflected on the description of persons likely to be examined , and the importance of the interests affected by the accusation . coincided in the unanimous feeling of the house , that to the most solemn and serious accusation brought forward that night , the most solemn and serious inquiry ought to be afforded . The only difference that seemed to exist in the mind of gentlemen was , as to the manner of conducting that investigation , whether the ends , to which all looked with equal eagerness , were more likely to be acquired by a private and delegated examination , or by a full , prompt and public discussion , arising from the testimony , which the hon . gent . who submitted those charges to parliamentary consideration , may be enabled to produce at the bar of that house . The more the house reflected upon the importance of the subject , the high station of the party , or the important interests connected with this inquiry , the more it would concur with his hon . friend ( Mr. Adam ) that it should not abandon its inquisitorial functions in this instance . He could state upon the authority of the illustrious person himself , given him at the only opportunity he had of consulting with him upon the subject , that the most ready course of prosecuting the inquiry would be the most agreeable to him , and that he deprecated nothing so much as a course that would impede the final result . That illustrious personage wished , like any other subject , to be put publicly upon his trial , and to stand acquitted or convicted upon the case that might be made out : at the same time that he had a thorough conviction , that he should exculpate himself from all charge . From the nature of the facts which had been already stated , he would stake his reputation upon it , that it was impossible that , after the result of the inquiry , any suspicion could even attach to his royal highness . But he was sure the house would pause before it would depart from its established usage to adopt a parliamentary commission , He felt the inconvenience of a parliamentary inquiry ; but these inconveniences must be encountered on so important an occasion.— The hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) had in the course of his speech stated a circumstance which particularly involved the character of his majesty 's government . He had mentioned that two members of the king 's cabinet were concerned in this 197 agency for the disposal of government patronage . This was a topic on which he felt it due to himself to require the fullest information , and it was for the option of the hon . gent . to determine , whether he would afford it in a public manner in that house , or by a private communication to some of the responsible servants of the crown ( a cry of name ! name ! ) . When in possession of that information , he assured the house that by him no measure would be left undone to unravel and elucidate the truth or falsehood of that allegation , nor any diligence omitted to bring the delinquents , if an v there should be , to just ice . It was not for him to tell that house , that in this great capital it might happen that foolish persons were frequently deceived by advertisements in the public papers , announcing the disposal of official patronage . And perhaps it had occasionally turned out , that the very persons who were originally deceived by these advertisements to make applications , did ultimately obtain the very appointments for which they had endeavoured to negociate ; but he was convinced that as there was nothing so discreditable to government , so there was nothing more false in fact than the