, the very moment the enemy reversed his unjust decrees.—There was another subject to which he would desire the attention of the House ; namely , the necessity of looking into our internal regulations , for the sake of immediately reforming the abuses which may have crept into the different departments of the government . In these times , when the people were called upon to make such weighty sacrifices , he did think that all useless Places and Pensions should be speedily abolished . When he intimated the existence of such abuses , he had no intention to say that this or any other administration were to be condemned , for he considered they were what might be properly termed , the rust of time , but ought quickly to be done away , lest they should corrode the welfare of the state . Buonaparté , from wicked and malevolent motives , had attended to the removal of every abuse which could possibly retard the success of his schemes ; and although he did so from evil , it might well become this country to imitate his example , and do so from the best of motives . observed , that there was one point upon which there could not , he was persuaded , be any difference of opinion among their lordships , namely , the propriety of assuring his majesty of the gratitude with which they received his Speech . In expressing that assurance , a language was employed , which to him appeared to commit the house to certain points upon which they were not adequately informed . For himself , he would approve of continuing to support Spain so long as any hope remained ; but he was not prepared to thank his majesty for a Treaty , of the conditions and engagements of which he was wholly ignorant . It was not impossible , when the Treaty came to be discussed , that he might approve it ; but until the documents were before him , he must suspend his opinion , and , above all things , decline to pledge himself to an unreserved approbation of the measure . Before he could come to a proper decision on this subject , he must also obtain some information respecting the state of Spain . At no period within his memory was there so much spirit , so much loyalty and zeal 11 in the country , and yet , at the same time , so much dissatisfaction . It was a dissatisfaction not arising from a turbulent disposition in the people of this country , or from any marked reverses , or from the pressure of the public burthens , but a dissatisfaction produced by a feeling most honourable to the nation . The dissatisfaction was proportioned to the zeal and expectation of the country . It was not content either with the extent of the exertions that had been made to aid the Spaniards , or with the manner in which they were employed . Some statement , he trusted , would be made to allay this very laudable feeling of the public mind . His lordship here declared that he rose chiefly for the purpose of qualifying the assent he should give to the greatest part of the Address . With the reservation he had made , and that the means which would be liberally given would not be misemployed ; that the sacrifices of blood and treasure that the people of this country were disposed , beyond all example , to make , would be spent for the glory of the nation , and the honour of his Majesty 's crown , he would give his assent to the Address . He wished , however , not to be considered as committing himself to its full extent , but merely as concurring in that part which recommends a vigorous prosecution of the war , and expresses a determination to assist Spain , so long as Spain shall prove true to herself . He also concurred in the expediency of increasing our military means in proportion to those of the enemy with