discretion , must , with deference to him , seem to imply a degree of levity and intoxication , arising from momentary success ; he tells the Americans , that the system of blockade is harmless , and is now broken up into contemptible fragments . If the plan to be adopted with America is to be continued in this way , I am not surprised that his Majesty 's speech should have been silent on the subject.—When the papers , which have been promised , shall be laid before the House , I shall then 54 be able to enter more fully into the discussion of the affairs of Spain . I have no desire to disturb the unanimity of the House on this occasion , though I thought it my duty to state distinctly my sentiments upon the various topics to which I have adverted , and for the full discussion of which other opportunities will arise . The particulars to which I wish to call the attention of the House on a future occasion , are the disgraceful Convention in Portugal , the conduct of Ministers id regard to the Spanish war , and also their conduct with respect to America . With the assistance of my friends , I intend , as soon as possible , to bring these matters before parliament for discussion and inquiry . After this previous notice of my intention , I can not surely be accused of making a factious opposition , in order to interrupt the progress of public business , and without promoting the genuine interests of the country . then rose . He observed that the declaration with which the rt . hon . gent . concluded his speech , that he would not oppose the Address that had been so ably moved by his hon , friend , and his farther declaration , that the various points on which he had briefly touched should become the subjects of subsequent discussion , released him from the great and irksome task of entering minutely into an , examination of the statements which the right hon . gent . had ventured to make . The right hon . gent . seemed particularly impressed with the conviction , that in the cause intrusted to his majesty 's government ( and never was there a cause more deeply interesting ) , there had been shewn a total want of wisdom and vigour , and that this country and Europe had no chance of salvation but by a change of the men who were to conduct the affairs of the state in the present most critical and important period . Whatever might have been the want of vigour in his majesty 's present ministers , so much complained of by the right hon . gent. , he believed the country would not have much more to hope for if the reins of government should fall into the hands of the right hon . gent . and his friends , who had given such ample proofs of zeal and anxiety for the welfare and interests of the country , by deserting all those , who were then allied for the defence of the cause of Europe . No great parliamentary recollection was necessary to carry back the mind to those periods , when the rt . hon . gent , and his 55 friends were called upon to support the cause of Europe , at a time scarcely less momentous than the present . Although the conduct of his majesty 's present ministers might lie open to examination , he yet felt proud that it would bear an honourable contrast to that of their predecessors , He certainly did not mean to detain the House long on the present occasion ; but he would shortly call their attention to the rt . hon . gent . 's observations in succession . The first instance adduced by the rt . thon . gent . in support of his charge of an absence of vigour in government was , that early in the last spring they sent a large military force to the Baltic to co-operate