their lordships meant to abandon all that they before respected and approved , they could not now consistently agree to an address for the repeal of them , unless , admitting the measure to be correct , they had seen so much mischief in the mode of its execution , as to overthrow or obstruct all its beneficial tendency . But no such objection had been mentioned , and he believed no such existed . It was said , that by the correspondence on the table , between Mr. Pinckney and Mr. Canning , it appeared , that if the Orders in Council were rescinded , the Embargo would be withdrawn . Were we , on such a proposal , to desert what was considered so essential to the preservation of our maritime lights ? Were we on such an obscure intimation to resign what we and our predecessors in office deemed to be so important to our highest interests ? He was no advocate for prejudicing America . God forbid , that he should ever consider that the adversity of America was the prosperity of Great Britain ; on the contrary he thought , that the prosperity of the one was now , and would be for a long while , highly conducive to the interests , wealth , and welfare of the other . If all Asia and Africa , and all Europe , this kingdom excepted , were with America , and this country against her , it would not be so advantageous a situation for her as if we were with her , and all the rest of the globe opposed to her ; and he hoped that America would so far understand her true interests , and shew her correct views of them by her future conduct towards us . Never was there a period more favourable to a close union between Great Britain and the American States than the present ( hear ! hear ! ) , but this desirable purpose was not to be attained by revoking the Orders in Council on the feeble grounds now stated . He could not coincide with the noble mover , 798 because he could not on this occasion condemn ministers without applying the same condemnation to their lordships , who had deliberately sanctioned the measures represented in this address as unjust and impolitic . admitted that the noble viscount had argued his propositions with great fairness , but totally differed in the conclusions deduced from them . He was not accurate in observing , that the revocation of the Embargo would be the only beneficial consequence of the abandonment of our Orders in Council ; Mr. Pinckney had distinctly referred to other advantageous effects of such a concession . Nor were the noble lords quite justified in the remark , that the Embargo originated in the Edicts of Berlin . It was the consequence of the Orders in Council , which although not officially announced in America , were known there to have been adopted when the Embargo was resorted to , and such was the reason assigned in many of the eloquent speeches lately delivered in the senatorial assemblies of the United States . Be the cause , however , what it might , we could not act more impoliticly , than by such orders to compel America to supply herself by her own internal industry , with those manufactures she formerly procured from Great Britain , which was attended with this double inconvenience , of raising to our traders here the price of the raw commodity , and lessening the demand for the article in its manufactured state . The noble Viscount seemed not to be satisfied with the assurances of the American minister ; but no scruples would any longer remain , since there had been an act of the legislature in which a power had been given to the executive authority to rescind the Embargo , as soon as the British Orders in Council should have been repealed . In addition to this important and exclusive advantage , a commercial war , at least , would be waged by the United States