should ever be so intolerant , as to make a conformity to our own opinions the price of our assistance to others , in their efforts for national independence ; or to carry the sword in one hand , and what we might choose to call the Rights of Man in the other ! If the principle upon which government had acted was not sound , if the measures resorted to had only paralized the efforts of the Spanish nation , for God 's sake , let the administration of the government be trusted to more enthusiastic and abler hands . But the enthusiasm of the Spaniards was not pretended ; what they had in their mouths , they felt in their hearts ; they were enthusiastically determined to defend their country to the last extremity , or to perish under its ruins . The language held by his majesty 's government to Spain , was not that no assistance should be afforded till a Supreme Government should he established ; but whilst the assistance was sent to every part of Spain , we called upon that country to collect its authority in one Supreme Government , not in order to obtain our assistance , but to induce other nations of Europe to join in aiding their exertions . Until this Supreme Government had been established , no accredited minister could be sent to Spain ; but at an early period of the national ebullition , agents had been sent by his majesty 's ministers to all parts of Spain , and from the information collected from these gentlemen , they were enabled to judge for themselves . The right hon . gent . had objected to the appointment of any other than a military man on a mission to Spain : but as the objects of the right hon . gent . were of a philosophical nature , military men would not have been the most proper persons to be employed to accomplish them . But was there no other way of knowing the state of the country than 1103 by the barren reports of the agents , who might be sent thither ? If one were desirous of knowing what was passing in England , would he not ask whether such or such a person , who might have been known in Europe , to he connected with public at fairs , had any share in he passing transactions ? This source of information was open to us in pain , and the men connected with the national struggle afforded the best illustration of die principle , and the best comment upon the cause . In Catalonia , Espeleta , who had been Governor of South America , and President of the Council of Castile , took the lead . In Castile , Cuesta was at the head of the army . In Murcia , the venerable Florida Blanca , the ablest statesman in Europe . Besides these and others , there were Saavedra and Jovellanos , the former an able minister for Foreign Affairs , the latter distinguished in the Home Department , whose connection with the popular ebullition was a fortunate omen of its success , and a distinct proof of its extent . Morla too was active in his country 's cause ; which , alas ; he had since betrayed . But these were not all ; amongst those who attended their sovereign to Bayonne , and who took the earliest opportunity to join their country , were Don Pedro Cevallos and the Duke d'Infantado . When the hoary wisdom of age , and the ardent enthusiasm of youth ; when the whole mass of the population , and the distinguished individuals of every rank , were associated for the common defence of their country , who could doubt of their cause ? This was a state of things which his majesty 's ministers could easily discern , without the aid of the spectacles presented by the right hon . sent . The military part of the transaction might have disappointed expectation , but the cause was not desperate . The soldiers who conquered