He had made this statement , not with a view of condemning any officer , but in order to rescue the campaign of Egypt from unmerited obloquy . The gallant general might have been satisfied with his own fame , deservedly high , without making allusions , tending naturally to depreciate in the public opinion an army , whose heroic achievements had till that hour been universally admitted ; whose brilliant exploits in Egypt , notwithstanding the attempt , made to sully them , shall live in the recollection of a grateful posterity , when every trace even of the disgraceful proceedings of Cintra , shall have been for ages effaced . He desired to be understood , when speaking of the Convention of Cintra , as wishing entirely to separate this part of the proceedings of Portugal from the operations of the troops in the field ; no person in the country estimated higher , or more sincerely applauded those exertions ; he had no hesitation in saying , that that army had performed a most important public service , by driving the French from Portugal , and securing in British ports ( though but for a season ) the navy of Russia ; nor could he consider it by any means fair , to estimate the importance of their services , either according to the terms of the Convention of Cintra , or by the result of the campaign in Spain . Their victories at Roleia and Vimiera , were not the less glorious , though they had been ultimately compelled to abandon the Spaniards ; pursued to their ships even by those troops whom they had signally defeated in Portugal.—He hoped he had convinced the house , that the Conventions of Egypt and Portugal had been made under circumstances totally dissimilar , and attended by results the most opposite ; that the former furnished to the troops abundant matter for pride and exultation ; that they were perfectly satisfactory ; essentially and lastingly serviceable to the allies ; highly creditable to the national character , meriting the applause , and in all respects worthy the glory , of this united empire ; that the latter , the Convention of Cintra , mortified the troops , disgusted ( he allies , elated the enemy , dissatisfied the king , and enraged his people , who , by acclamation , condemned the measure . observed , that it was agreed on all sides , that the Convention of Cintra had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country ; and he therefore 969 saw no necessity of corning to a vote upon the first question . As to the second question , which went to censure ministers for their conduct , as connected with that transaction , he was not aware that any blame could be brought home to ministers , though he could not help saying , that blame seemed to attach somewhere . then rose , He should not detain the attention of the house to any length at so late an hour ; indeed , he had but little to add to what had fallen from his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) and from his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) . Yet without agreeing with either of them on some points , he should feel himself nevertheless justified in concurring with them in the same vote . It was the open , undisguised opinion of every man , that the Convention in Portugal had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country . There was much of reasoning deduced upon the subject from analogy and example , but he must acknowledge that to him it appeared to fail . The Convention in Egypt afforded , in his mind , no apology for the Convention of Cintra . Such comparisons would be as invidious as they were incorrect . His wish was to see the country continually rising in character and glory . The idea of its degeneracy he could not endure . Those for whom stipulations were made , were unwilling parties to them . While he concurred with