had afforded them . For though it was wrong originally to put themselves into this state with America , the very declaration they made by Mr. Erskine enabled them to profit in this way from the present posture of their affairs . The noble and learned lord concluded a very able and argumentative speech with a strong appeal to their lordships on the calamities which a perseverance in this system was certain to bring upon the country and which he was sure , whatever they might be disposed to admit in language , they all must feel in their hearts . supported the Orders in Council , as being founded upon the right , which every belligerent nation had , of retaliating upon its enemy the acts of aggression , which that enemy had adopted against it . He considered the evil of the Orders in Council , as they affected America , only as incidental consequences of the just retaliation , which , as a neutral nation she , could have no right to impute to Great Britain as an act of hostility , or of unjustifiable violence upon her neutrality ; but should seek redress from France , with whom the first cause of complaint originated . America should call on the aggressor to redress the wrong he had committed and return to the law of nations . On this subject he had never any contradiction with the late Government , and the principle , upon which he was now arguing , he said , was to be found expressly laid down in lord Howick 's letter to Mr. Rich . He contended also , that the Milan Decree of the 10th of December could afford no reason for the Order of the 10th ; January . With respect to the offers of America ; he treated them as very unsatisfactory . America , he said , had shewed no disposition to act properly towards us , I but , on the contrary , had held out every 801 temptation to France ; had allowed the right in France to make any Orders , which might affect Great Britain , provided she only repealed those Decrees which interfered with the convenience of America , while , at the same time , she demanded of us , that we should repeal the whole of our Orders in Council . It was never distinctly held out to us , that if we would repeal the Orders , she would act with hostility to France ; but only , that the consequence of such a repeal would be the alteration of the conduct of France , or that it would lead to some change , which would be a return to the law of nations . That , if we would revoke so much of our Orders as affected their neutrality , that would have an effect upon the Embargo as to us , but no distinct proposition was made . Much had been said upon the commerce of the country being injured by the Orders , which led to a very important question . As far as concerned the colonies it was connected with the navigation laws ; those laws which it had upon some occasions been the practice of late political economists to consider as of doubtful policy , but which had been the great support of the commerce of the country . He imputed in this respect , much impropriety to the conduct of the late government , and charged them with having by their procedures , with respect to the operation of those laws in the colonies , done great injury , even of having gone very far towards ruining the shipping interest . He also noticed the Abolition of the Slave Trade , as greatly affecting the interest of the colonies , and making them less able to bear the inconvenience of the Embargo at the present time . In answer to the arguments drawn from the effect of the Orders in Council on the export trade , he contended , that our exports had risen , since those Orders , with respect , to all