not employed , he should hold it extremely unmanly to omit the first opportunity of satisfying the feelings of such member by a candid explanation . In the Morning Post of this day there appeared a statement of the proceedings of the Committee last night , in which words were imputed to him , reflecting on the conduct of an hon . gent , which he certainly never uttered . The words were these : — '' Mr. Beresford , addressing himself to Mr. `` Wardle , said , he could not refrain from animadverting on several parts of the 806 hon . member 's conduct in reference to him from the commencement of this inquiry . He considered it unhandsome and ungentlemanly . Upon tin 's , some smart retorts passed between Mr. Wardle and Mr . Beresford . '' Mr. Beresford thought it quite unnecessary for him to appeal to the recollection of the house whether he had ever addressed any such words to the hon . gent . In fact , none such were uttered by him : and he should have felt it extremely unmanly not to take the first opportunity of making this explanation , in order to remove any impression which such a publication might make on that hon . gent . 's feelings . It was a gross misrepresentation , and therefore he should move , `` That the printer of the Paper in question should appear at the bar to-morrow in the custody of the Serjeant at arms . '' said , that the course usual on such occasions was to give in the Paper containing the misrepresentation to be read by the clerk ; and then to move that the printer do appear at the bar on a future day . accordingly gave in the Paper , when the passage was read by the clerk . Mr. B. then said it was not his wish , from any personal feeling , to proceed to extremities with the printer in this case : he had merely taken up the matter as a gross and mischievous breach of the privileges of the house , lie would rather leave it to their discretion ; but , if they encouraged him , he would repeat his motion . said , if the hon . gent , did not wish to make any formal complaint , it would be best to hold the business over in suspense , in order to see whether the party persisted in statements of the same colour and tendency ; and therefore , he suggested that the subject should be further considered on Monday sennight . —Mr . Beresford acquiesced . seconded this latter proposition , and rose to bear his testimony , in the absence of his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle , ) that the words in question had not been used , and that the feelings of his hon . friend were in no respect aggrieved . The noble lord approved of the course proposed to be adopted , and acknowledged the handsome and honourable manner in which the hon . gent , had taken up the subject . did not object to the motion ; but at the same time observed , 807 that these things , in general , [ were too slightly passed over , and particularly with respect to the liberties taken with the speeches of members of that house . observed , that if an hon . member had brought forward a complaint of this nature , and insisted upon punishment for a breach of privilege , he could not see how the house could refrain from entertaining the subject , and proceeding to punishment . But under all the circumstances it must be allowed , that it was scarcely possible but there must sometimes be mistakes . A paper had been put into his hands this day , in which there was a most complete misrepresentation , with respect to a material part of the statement which he had made to the Committee , in the affair of the Note which purported to be that of the D. of Y .