a reluctance to disparage herself by acknowledging that she was illegitimate . concurred with the right hon . gent . that the questions were as painful to him to put as they were to the witness to receive ; but it appeared to him that he had rather overstated what she had said on a former examination . She did state that Taylor was her father 's name , but not that it was her mother 's . It was by her credibility , and not by her respectability , that they were to determine how far they should believe her . regretted that these last questions were put . They had cast a doubt upon the character of the witness , which was enough to extinguish her means of subsistence . previous to the Chairman 's quitting his seat , suggested , that as the Evidence was now closed , and there would be no occasion to ask leave to sit again , a day might be fixed for taking the subject into consideration . For the sake of having the first convenient day fixed , he had inquired into the state of forwardness in which the printing of the Minutes stood , and the result was that it would be in vain to expect them to be delivered entire before Monday . As , however , great part of them were already in the hands of members , who would naturally be giving them a gradual perusal , he was inclined to think , on the idea of their being completed on Monday , that a period of two days might be allowed to interpose , and the Report be taken into consideration on Thursday . If , however , gentlemen thought that too early a day , he had no objection to Friday . was anxious that on so important a subject , and one which had gone to so great a length , the House should not be precluded from such further light as they might be able to procure in the way of observation , elucidation , or contra- 1032 diction . It would also be desirous that some farther time for consideration should be granted , probably till the following Monday , or even till this day fortnight . could not agree to the suggestion of the hon . member ; bethought that no unnecessary delay should take place , but still he submitted that the fixing of the day would more properly belong to his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) than to the right hon . gent . opposite . declared that he bad no wish to take the nomination of the day out of the hands of the hon . member . Friday , or any other day that hon . gent . chose , would be equally agreeable to him with the day he himself had suggested . said , Thursday or Friday were equally agreeable to him . then left the Chair ; the house resumed , and the Report was brought up , ordered to be printed , and the whole question was ordered to be taken into consideration on this day se'nnight . gave notice , that immediately after the decision of the question , he should bring forward his motion relative to the testimony of gen. Clavering . rose and stated , that since he had come to the house , he had received a Letter , the contents of which related to the Inquiry now pending before the house respecting the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , and he wished to know whether it was the pleasure of the house that he should read it . [ A general exclamation of Read ! read ! read ! ] The right hon . gent . then announced that the Letter came from his royal highness the Duke of York , was signed `` Frederick , '' addressed to the Speaker , and dated Horse Guards , Feb. 23 , 1809 . The contents were as follow : Sir , Horse Guards , Feb. 23 , 1809 . `` I have waited