those provinces which were occupied by his army . Peace , therefore , was impracticable , except , which was not to be expected , that he should renounce what he had conquered , or that we should leave the Spaniards to their fate , and thereby become parties to a measure of most wanton violence and horrible oppression . The only question to be considered was , whether the negociation was conducted by the British government in such a way as to leave matters on the best possible footing.—In that part of the Address which relates to the character and conduct of our army , I most sincerely and heartily concur . No language ; can be too strong , or too glowing , when applied to its deserts ; and , if the country is to be saved at all , I am convinced that its salvation can alone be effected by maintaining our military force upon a scale commensurate with the increasing dangers of our situation . Measures of vigour also will be necessary ; but these measures ought to be adopted under the guidance of wisdom and prudence , and care taken not to waste our resources in Quixotic schemes which it is impossible to accomplish , and where failure is pregnant with calamity . Our army , brave and well disciplined , and capable as it is of doing every thing which men can be expected to perform , will , in these times , find ample . 21 employment in securing our own defence . Impressed with this opinion , it is with the deepest pain that I reflect upon the actual situation of so large a proportion of the military force of the country wantonly committed in a hopeless contest , in which success can not be the reward of valour , however eminent , and where a safe retreat is all that the most brilliant exertions can reasonably be expected to effect—I have thus felt it my duty to state my sentiments upon those topics which will afterwards form the subject of full and distinct discussion . It will be matter of future inquiry , how it comes that all the assistance which you have given to the Spaniards is to turn your back upon them ; what were the causes which led to the Armistice and : Convention , of some articles of which his Majesty has declared his disapprobation ; whether a war with America be or be not avoidable ; and , above ail , whether the plan of continuing to send troops into the heart of Spain is to be persevered in ? The last-mentioned subject I conceive to be of so great magnitude , that all other questions are , in comparison with it , of very subordinate importance . I have no hesitation whatever in declaring it to be my most decided opinion , that if the system hitherto acted upon , be farther pursued , and the whole armed force of the country sent into the interior of Spain , the destruction of this Monarchy is inevitable ; and that we shall soon be reduced to the same condition with Prussia and the conquered States of the Continent . It is admitted upon all hands , that our navy alone is not adequate to our national defence ; and if we lose our army , the strong arm of our protection , we may , indeed , replace it with numbers , but not with soldiers . I trust , therefore , that the future conduct of the war , in as far as it involves this most important question , will take precedence of all other subjects of discussion . ( late lord Hawkesbury ) confessed , that upon the various important topics comprized in his majesty 's Speech , he was prepared to expect both that the noble lord who had just sat down , as well as other noble lords , would deliver their sentiments ; at the same time he thought the Address was so cautiously worded , that he did conceive it would have met with the unanimous approbation of