. The remarks of the hon . gent . were by no means called for by what had been stated by his learned friend . recommended a dispassionate conduct on the part of the committee . It was natural , that in a popular assembly a great diversity of opinions should exist , and that those opinions should be maintained with a heat not always decorous or dignified . It was most desirable that this 512 ardour should be repressed on the present important question , and that the patient examination of the subject , which he was anxious that the committee should pursue , might terminate as it ought , in an impartial discussion , and in that fair and dispassionate manner which became a judicial proceeding of such extreme importance . rose and observed , that the story some nights since mentioned to the house , respecting an Office in the City , in which the name or a noble relation of his ( the duke of Portland ) was implicated , appeared to him , as it must to the house and the public , so completely ridiculous , that he thought it unworthy of any attention on his part ; but he now understood that there was a letter on the table , referring to a particular transaction , with regard to which he wished to submit some explanations to the house . The Mr. Beazley , mentioned in the letter alluded to , called at his noble relation 's house— wished to know whether the noble marquis was offering his statement as evidence ? It appeared to him that it ought to be entered in the minutes . In consequence of a circumstance , which incidentally came out last night in evidence , a Committee had this day been appointed to investigate some concerns connected with the East . India Company , and possibly a Committee might become necessary , with regard to the affairs of the Treasury also . observed , that the only difference was as to the expediency of entering the noble lord 's statement in the Minutes . In his judgment , that did not appear necessary , particularly as it referred to a point not properly relevant to the professed object of the inquiry . suggested , whether , as the point deemed irrelevant by the right hon . gent , was already in the Minutes , it would not be better , that the noble lord 's explanation of it should be inserted there also . thought it not material to press the question , whether the noble lord 's explanation should be inserted in the Minutes or not , although certainly wide of the original object for which the Committee was appointed ; but this was but one of many instances , in which the Committee had gone astray . wished the noble lord 's statement to be inserted in the Minutes . thought the proposed statement should be inserted among the evidence , to enable the house to judge of the ease . If it appeared , that Mrs. C. had 522 made an improper use of the name of the D. of Y. , the inference would be pretty strong , that she had made an equally improper use of the name of the duke of Portland . wished the witness to be told , that with whatever forbearance the committee had hitherto treated the witness , it could not long endure this trifling on her part with the questions which the committee chose to ask ; but that she must , if she did not alter her behaviour , suffer the punishment with which the committee of the house of commons , out of a regard to its own dignity , must visit an obstinate perseverance in a want of proper respect . said , that there seemed to be a mistake on this point . The witness , he understood , had not positively refused to answer , nor done any thing with respect to this question which necessarily implied a disrespect to the house . She had , before answering directly , stated