were most wanted . But , instead of the nearest port , the farthest seemed to have been chosen , and the troops were sent to Lisbon . They are there employed in compelling the French to evacuate Portugal , who could not have held it if Buonaparté could not conquer Spain , and who must get possession of it if he does ; and afterwards remain there for two months before they inarch to join the Spaniards . The moment was urgent , the occasion was pressing , every thing depended upon promptitude of action , and taking advantage of a small portion of time ; and yet two months pass away before the army is even put in march to join the Spanish troops ; and the general who commanded in chief , in giving an account of his conduct , says , that no arrangement was determined upon for putting the army in march . The transports which ought to have conveyed our troops are used to convey the troops of the enemy ; and our army , compelled to make a long march over land , are too late for any effective purpose , and the enemy triumphs in the 15 capital of Spain before even a British musket is fired . The Spanish people may truly reproach us , `` You promised us protection and assistance ; you induced us to engage in the dangerous warfare of pitched battles , quitting our more desultory mode of warfare , but more secure to ourselves and more harrassing to the enemy ; and now the oppressor lords it in our capital , plunders our property , and puts to death our nobles , whilst not a single British musket has yet been fired '' . Shame that such a reproach should truly attach to us ! Most unfortunate is it that our army should be placed in such a situation which must necessarily give rise to apprehension . The dilemma stated by my noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) , most aptly applies to ministers upon this subject : either they did or they did not know that a British army , sent into the interior of Spain , would have to encounter the whole disposable force of France . If they did know it , by what infatuation could they have been induced to place an army in a situation in which no rational men would ever have thought of placing it ; if they did not know it , then they must confess that they were wholly ignorant of the resources of France—that they were wholly ignorant that the ruler of Trance had the resources of the greater part of Europe at his command—that they were wholly ignorant that France had a large army which could be brought to bear upon any given point . With this view of the subject , it is , of course , impossible that I can concur in applauding the past measures adopted by ministers with respect to Spain ; nor can I concur in supporting the system proposed to be adopted for increasing the army , with the view of sending more troops to Spain , for this must be the object , or the expression means nothing ; although I do not mean to deny , that with the evils with which we are now surrounded , the increase of our regular force is a necessary measure . To the approbation , however , which is implied of their conduct , and their wise and vigorous system , I must decidedly dissent , contending , as I do , that there has been neither wisdom nor vigour in their measures . When praising themselves for wisdom and vigour , I wonder they did not add success , as that term would have been equally applicable with the two former.—There is one point , my lords , in the Speech and the Address , to which I feel it indispensably necessary to advert , I mean the Convention of Cintra , 16 and the Armistice which preceded it . An Armistice of which the House knows nothing ;