was saved by the supply which his mistress derived from such sources . The witnesses to tins case are , lieut . col. Brooke , lieut . col. Knight , Mrs. Clarke , and Mr. Thynne . As a contrast to the preceding exchange , I shall take leave to state a Case of peculiar hardship which occurred within the last year : two meritorious officers , major Macdonald and major Sinclair , both of the first reg . of infantry , and both indisposed , were anxious to make an exchange— the one desiring , for the recovery of his health , to remain in England ; while the other , from a similar motive , desired to go to the West Indies . These gentlemen sought their object by every honourable means . The most urgent requests , and the most respectable recommendations were made in their favour , but 184 in vain . No mistress was resorted to ; no bribe of 200l . was offered ; major Macdonald was forced to go to the West Indies , and fell immediately a victim to the climate ; major Sinclair was forced to remain in England , and survived but a few months . Thus was the country deprived of two highly deserving officers . The fourth Case I have to adduce refers to major John Shaw , of col . Champagne 's Ceylon regiment . Major Shaw was appointed Deputy Barrack Master of the Cape of Good Hope upon the 3d of April , 1806 , through the influence of Mrs. Clarke . It was known that this officer by no means enjoyed the favour of the duke of York ; that in fact his royal highness entertained some prejudices against him . But these obstacles Mrs. Clarke easily contrived to overcome : for it was agreed to pay her 1,000l . for the major 's appointment . The appointment was therefore made , and the major himself paid Mrs. Clarke 300l . Soon after , 200l . more were sent to Mrs. Clarke , by major Shaw 's uncle , through Coutts 's bank , and the payment was made by one of Mr. Coutts 's clerks . The remains 500l . however , was not paid ; and when it was found not to be forthcoming , Mrs. Clarke was enraged , and threatened revenge . She actually complained to the Commander in Chief of major Shaw 's breach of contract , and the consequence was that the major was soon after put on half-pay . I am in possession of several letters which passed upon this subject , from major Shaw and Mrs. Shaw , threatening both the Commander in Chief and Mrs. Clarke with public exposure , & c. if their complaints were not redressed , but in vain . In consequence of this business , I have been induced to examine the half-pay list , in order to see whether any similar reduction to that of major Shaw had taken place in the Barrack Department ; but I have found no such thing . Such officers being , in fact kept on full-pay , even on the home staff . This case of major Shaw was indeed the only instance I could find of such an officer being reduced to half-pay . The case of this officer then demonstrates , first , that Mrs. Clarke 's influence extended to appointments on the staff of the army , as well as to promotions and exchanges in the army itself ; secondly , That the Commander in Chief punished an individual by reducing him from full to half pay , for non-performance of a nefarious contract with his mistress ; thirdly , that the Com- 185 mander in Chief was a direct party to all this shameful transaction . The witnesses to this case are , Mrs. Clarke , Mr. Shaw , uncle to major Shaw , Mr. Coutts 's clerk , and Mrs. Shaw . I now come to the very novel Case of colonel French and his levy . This officer was , through the influence of Mrs. Clarke , appointed by