loud cry of 'No , no ! —Misrepresentation ! ' from the Opposition Benches . ) The right hon . gentleman vindicated the Replies given to the Notes of both the Russian and French ministers , and contended that there was no just ground for the desponding language which was used with regard to Spain . On the contrary , the hope he entertained and acted upon at the outset , he still continued to cherish— that if Spain were true to itself it could not fail to triumph . thought it a very singular proof of unqualified approbation , with regard to the sentiments of the hon . baronet behind him , that he was about to vote against him . At the same time he could not hesitate to repeat , that in the principal part of the sentiments which the house had this night heard from the hon . baronet , and which were delivered with an eloquence such as could not be soon forgotten , he cordially concurred ; and he would add , that there was no man in whose sentiments he would be more happy to feel it 240 consistent with his opinion to concur , than those of the hon . baronet . deprecated the promulgation of an opinion under the sanction of the right hon . secretary 's authority , that , he had uttered any sentiments injurious to the interests of the country . He appealed to the house whether such an imputation was applicable ? Whether the course he pursued this night , as he had uniformly done , in reprobating the abuses that prevailed in the administration of government , could be fairly deemed inconsistent with the profound veneration which he felt for the genuine constitution of this country said , that his allusion to the hon . baronet 's speech referred to the phrase of `` absurdly contending for loyalty '' . explained his meaning , that the argument respecting loyalty in Spain was pushed to an extremity inconsistent with the freedom of any nation , and particularly with the constitution of this land . after observing that the Act prohibiting Distillation from Grain would expire within six weeks from the commencement of the present session , expressed a hope that there would be no objection to his moving , even at that late hour , for leave to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act , as frequent opportunities would occur in its progress for fully discussing its merits . He thought it necessary , however , in the first instance , to state that there was a material difference between the Bill he proposed to introduce , and the Act of the last session . The distillation from sugar had gone on in this country under the provisions of the last Act , and the spirit it produced was found to be quite satisfactory ; but in Ireland there had been no distillation whatever from sugar ; on the contrary , the distillation from grain had been illicitly carried on , and the consumption of that article , which it was the object of the Act to prevent , had exceeded the ordinary amount of former years : from this experience , combined with the circumstance of an abundant harvest of potatoes in Ireland , it was deemed advisable to alter the Act with respect to that country , by removing the prohibition , accompanied however with this provision , that in the event of an enhanced price of grain in 241 G. Britain , that prohibition should be renewed at the discretion of his Majesty . At present he should only move for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the act of last session until 40 days after the commencement of the next sessions , leaving it at the discretion of the Crown to suspend the Act at any time , if circumstances should appear to render it expedient . in proceeding to the investigation he proposed , felt it necessary 265 to call the attention of the committee to a few preliminary observations . He hoped that in the statements