the duty of the noble lord . Therefore , to shew how this diminution had taken place.—The hon . gent . then entered into a defence of the military system of his right hon . friend ( Mr . Windham . ) which he contended had not had a fair trial . That system had produced , whilst in force , a supply of nearly 24.000 annually , a supply as great as the circumstances of the population of this country would admit of . He did not look to our acting any great military part on the Continent , and hoped that before we attempted any such operation , we should maturely weigh the circumstances , and the scene upon which we should have to act . This was the fourth instance in which the militia had been drafted to supply the army , and the effect of this practice had been to drive qualified officers out of that force . He did not think it possible to recruit the militia by the bounty proposed by the noble lord 's measure , If men were wanted for the public service , they should be raised at the public expence . thought that it was as necessary to attend to the manner in which the military means of the country were employed , as to the numerical amount of our force . He allowed , however , that the great point was the consistency of the house . It was true , parliament was pledged to increase the military means of the country ; but the question was , whether the regular army might not , by this measure , be increased 319 at the expence of our own defence ? It was necessary for the house to take care that it should not be committed to the discretion , or rather the indiscretion of any man . After the experience we had had , who could say that an unbalanced army was the best means of defence ? The hon . gent . then placed in a strong point of view the injury to the militia service by this mode of proceeding . It had a tendency to produce disorganization and disgust in the home service , and to preserve all this when created . He adverted to the permanent , admirable , and deeply founded system of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and observed , that it was impossible to discuss such measures as this , without taking that system into view . All circumstances that bore upon the question were to be considered , and upon the whole , he thought that this system of expedients was the most insufficient and burthensome that could be resorted to . said , that the events which had taken place might convince us that we ought not to trust to a mere defensive force , of whatever description ; whether armed peasantry , local militia , or even militia . All systems were liable to objection ; but the question was , whether this was not the best that could be adopted at present ? He never understood , that the plan of the right hon . gent . ( Mr.Windham ) had been abandoned : but , at the same time , it was not sufficient for procuring an immediate supply , which was what was now wanted . said , that although the house was pledged to the throne on the principle of increasing the army , yet the best mode of carrying that principle into effect was certainly a very fair matter for discussion , He , for his part , must support the plan which he had presented , and which appeared to him likely to increase considerably the disposable force , without at the same time impairing the defensive strength of the country , An hon . gent . had stated , that he objected to the increase of the disposable force , until there was an administration more capable of wielding it with advantage to the country . This was certainly no objection to the measure itself ; for