materials ; our revenue was to be increased in G. Britain by the duties of transit . Others assured us , that the effect of this system would be to deprive the European world of colonial produce , and consequently to force Buonaparté to rescind his Decrees , As a worthy pinnacle to such a pyramid , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer brought forward his Bark Bill , and declared , that by depriving the continent of a supply of that medicine , we hit upon a most decisive means of assailing the army of France ( hear ! hear ! ) .—Such were the predictions of the servants of the crown . Let us now compare them with the effects which have resulted . And first , I beg leave to remark , that it appears not a little wonderful that the right lion , the Chancellor of the Exchequer did , in this house in the month of July last , solemnly state his decided opinion , that the Orders in Council of and subsequent to the previous November , did not produce any irritation in America , although at the moment that he delivered such an opinion to parliament he must have known , as we now know , that Mr. Pinkney in a communication , dated the February before , addressed 1166 to the Secretary of State for Foreign affairs , did , on the part of the American government , strongly remonstrate against the injustice of these very Orders . I say , that at the moment he thus informed this house , he was conscious that he had excited a flame in America , which instead of taking any means to extinguish he had added fuel to aggravate . The Papers on the table are full of instances of the irritation excited by these Orders in America . But from one learn all . In a letter from Mr. Madison to Mr. Pinkney , dated March 22 , 1808 , that gentleman says , `` that Mr. Pinkney had , in his remonstrance to the British government , anticipated the answer of the American government , and that the Orders in Council were a violation of neutral rights , and a stab at the independence of the United States . '' This then was the measure , which the Secretary of State represented as not likely to excite any irritation in America , and which the other right hon . gent . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , asserted , would not have made any impression in America , if it had not been for the speeches of members in that house . But will the right hon . gent . now make the same assertion ; will he catch at such a broken reed ? Does he not know that an irritation has been excited in America ? And if he be still of the same opinion , will not the certainty of dates and distances confound him ? In fact , if such observations are to prevent gentlemen from giving their opinions sincerely upon public measures in this house , lest it should be said that they supplied arguments or reasons to other nations , it would put an end to the freedom of debate.—Another prediction as to the benefits arising from those Orders , has also falsified itself . The prospect was held out of a consequent increase of exports and imports . But , without attempting to grovel into Custom House details , and well knowing that such accounts have been swelled out into an artificial magnitude , for the purposes of public delusion , I am still ready to prove , that , even upon the face of the returns thus made up , there appears a considerable diminution in your Imports and Exports : I will say to the amount of 11 millions . But suppose such a diminution did not amount to more than 7 , 8 , or 9 millions , still , it is sufficient to prove that the effect has completely contradicted every boasted promise with which the right hon