his colleagues in the vote he should give , there were some points respecting which , as he had already observed , he must differ from them ; and these were rather political than military points ; points that were beyond military competency to execute , or military tribunals to decide upon . Among these points he first objected in principle to the practice of stipulating conditions respecting which we had no right or power to act , points moreover , which were neither expedient nor necessary . He must also object to the non-admission of the Portuguese general , or government , as parties in the negotiation . It had also been stipulated that their property should be secured to the enemy . This stipulation was afterwards indeed amended ; but the milder execution of it did not atone for the carelessness about terms , which we had no right to stipulate . He had further to object to the exchange of civil prisoners for Spanish troops—here again we had no right to stipulate for Spain , even though the stipulation should 970 appear advantageous ; for Spain should be left to judge for herself , and the British commanders had no competence of authority or right to determine upon such matters . Equally objectionable were the stipulations for those Portuguese who were partisans of France . Such stipulations were sometimes allowable , as in the capitulation of islands , where the conquering force would remain . Such stipulations seemed to give us the air of domineering in Portugal , and of acceding to conditions which we had no legitimate power to fulfil . Upon the Armistice and Convention , in their military nature , his majesty 's ministers did not take upon themselves to judge , but called in to their aid the opinion of military advisers . This they deemed the most effectual mode to adopt , not that the conduct of the military commanders might not appear to them to be open to criticism , but because any other mode seemed liable to greater objections . Many would have preferred a court-martial , and were loud in calling for that mode of trial . But a court-martial seemed to presume the existence of a charge of some specific crime . His majesty 's ministers professed to have none , and they felt it would have been an harsh measure , while so strong a feeling pervaded the country against these transactions , to have sent any officer to trial with the weight of that clamour upon his head . Had sir H. Dalrymple been selected as the person , would not ministers , with every appearance of justice , have been accused of partiality , in sending to trial an officer who had to plead his scanty information of the state of things on his arrival in Portugal , and who had no time to pause to acquire any ? If government had selected sir H. Burrard , it might likewise be observed , that he had the command only for 24 hours , and had scarcely interfered in the operations ; and here again ministers might appear guilty of partiality . Had he been selected , it must only be on military principles , and this was what government were anxious to deliver no opinion upon . Indeed , it was impossible for men in civil offices to decide on matters of that sort . Was sir A. Wellesley to be selected ? He could only be accused of having excited those proud hopes which were afterwards unfortunately disappointed . What mode , then , remained to be adopted , but that of an Inquiry , when there was brought forward no distinct accusation , or specific charge , against any of the 971 commanders ? Under those impressions a Board of Inquiry was resorted to , and the decision of that court we had reason to consider as final ; for if , after that , government should have sent any officer to trial , not only would they have sent him to trial prejudged by popular clamour , but also loaded with the