received a very just admonition from his hon . and learned friend , and he had risen to join his admonition . spoke to order . It was certainly very irregular for one hon . member thus to talk of admonishing another . decided , that as the debate had taken such a turn , Mr. Canning Was strictly in order , and that the noble lord was not warranted in his objection . said , that after what had fallen from the chair , he could not but apprehend that he had been misunderstood . He had not complained of the turn which the debate had taken ; he had complained of the right hon . gent , having talked of admonishing an hon . member ; and that this was not a casual expression was evident , by the word `` admonition '' having been twice used in a very warm manner by the right hon . gent . Was it regular to permit one hon . member to rise merely for the purpose of admonishing another ? was not aware that he was called upon nicely to measure and weigh every expression that might chance to be used in debate , or that his duty demanded his interference , unless he felt strongly that any personal disrespect was intended . declared , that he had never risen with less warmth than he had this evening . He had little or nothing to add to that which he had already said . Whether the hon . gent , complained generally of the administration of justice , or whether , as it appeared by his subsequent statement , he complained of any particular instance of mal-administration , the subject was one which it was perfectly fitting for a member to introduce to the house ; but then , he dare not venture to say he would admonish , but he would suggest to the hon . gent , that it ought to be done with the utmost gravity and deliberation , and not incidentally in such a debate as the present . Whenever the hon . gent . might think proper to bring the discussion forward , he had no doubt that the venerable judges whom he accused would find able defenders in that house , amply provided with both the means and the inclination to do them justice . assured the right hon . gent , that he should be always happy to hear any thing from him in the way of 'admonition ; ' in the present instance , however , it was quite unnecessary . He had not accused the Judges of too great severity , but he had said they could not be accused of lenity in their sentences , on those who had been convicted of supporting the licentiousness of the press . He had also said , that too severe judgments would only pro- 813 duce the contrary effect to that which was intended . If he had intended to animadvert on the Judges , he would have done it directly , by bringing forward a charge in the regular manner.—As to the right hon . Secretary , he would doubly thank him , if , as to night , he would always openly state to whom he alluded , and not merely utter an insinuation which left its meaning in doubt . The further consideration of this subject was postponed to Monday se'nnight . stated to the Committee , that he , as their Chairman , had received a letter from lieut . col. Tucker on the subject of this Inquiry , which he would beg leave to read to the Committee.— [ Here the letter , which will be found at p. 824. was read . ] rose for the purpose of paying a just tribute to the talents and services of the officer in question . He had known him particularly well in Portugal , and certainly esteemed him a very meritorious officer . He was the more willing to state this , as he had many communications with that officer 's family ; and he believed , that at