he had already made to the house , he had not uttered a single word which could justify a suspicion that he was actuated either by party motives , or any thing like personal animosity towards the commander-in-chief . He trusted his conduct on the occasion had been open and candid . When first he proposed this investigation he had offered an entire list of all the witnesses . He had never kept any thing a secret from the house , and God forbid he should attempt to sustain his charges by any proofs but such as it became a man of honour to offer ! He felt it necessary , however , to advert to some strong remarks which had fallen from a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) on a former night , which were not relevant to the subject before the house , and which , he thought , might better have been omitted . He had a right to appear in his place as a member of parliament , the accuser of the commander-in-chief ; and it was the privilege of gentlemen on the other side of the house candidly to deliver their opinions on the subject : but he did not expect to be attacked in his personal character , or his conduct imputed to private motives , without any foundation injustice . Much was said about tile licentiousness of the press , the spirit of Jacobinism , and of a Conspiracy to overturn the illustrious house of Brunswick . Nothing , however , which he bad said , had any thing to do with the licentiousness of the press . There was no man within or without that house who abhorred jacobin principles more than himself , unless by jacobin was meant an enemy to corruption , for such he was , whether it existed in great or little men ; and as to conspiracy against the house of Brunswick , if any man presumed to charge such a motive to him , it was the duty of that man openly and manfully to follow up his accusation by proofs . As to jacobinism indeed , if his principles had tended that way , he should have adopted a contrary conduct ; and , instead of opposing , have cherished corruption , until it undermined the government . His object , on the contrary , was to check corruption , to serve his country , and to prevent in time those dreadful effects which were the certain consequences of corruption . Ay hon . and learned gent , had said on the former night , that he could give no credit to the charges against the commander-in-chief because he 266 had been so intimately acquainted with him for 20 years , that had any such transactions taken place , he must have known of them : but , as he knew of none such , the charges must in consequence be false . He would , however , undertake to prove the existence , not merely of those comparatively slight transactions under investigation , but of others to a most enormous amount , which , most probably , were unknown to the learned gent . and which were the cause of the breach between Mrs. Clarke and his royal highness . He was aware of the difficulties opposed to him in such a pursuit . He was aware there were many members in that house , who might be supposed to lean more towards the commander-in-chief than towards a private individual like himself . He was confident no member of that house would be actuated by motives of partiality in this case . He threw himself upon the honour , the can-dour , and indulgence of the committee , and without trespassing further on their attention , would proceed to evidence . said , as the hon . gent . had alluded to some words which had fallen from him on a former night , he must beg leave to explain . So far from casting any censure on the hon . gent . or imputing to him any hostile motives