did exist— said , that his object was to shew that the examination of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Croker ) , could not lead to any result at all satisfactory to the country ; and , in his opinion , it would be much better to make the questions to bear upon facts , than upon any flaw which might afterwards be detected in the consistency of the evidence . declared , that if this line of examination was not tolerated , he did not see how the committee could at all arrive at the truth . If the evidence of only one person was brought to substantiate a fact , it was surely of no small importance to know whether the testimony of this person ought or ought not to be believed . contended , that the examination instituted by the hon . gent , affected the credibility of Dowler as well as of Mrs. Clarke , and that on that account it was of no small importance . Dowler had given in evidence , that he had obtained his appointment through the influence of Mrs. Clarke ; he had also declared , that he had only seen her twice since his return from Portugal . Now , if he was convicted of saying what was not true in the one case ; it was by no means improbable that he might have spoken falsehood in both . objected to the question , as coming within that line of examination which the committee had already decided against . He understood the opinion to be , that no case should be gone into except where the rules and regulations of the army had been broken in upon . If questions such as these were to be admitted , they would not know where to stop . To enquire into cases of promotion , where the rules of the army had not been broken in upon , would be to trench upon the prerogative of the crown , in which was exclusively vested the power of granting commissions in the army . observed , that the lion , member opposite ( Mr. Wardle , ) had been stopped from going into other matter , in order that some questions might be put to the witness relative to col. Meyrick Shaw . He put it then to the hon . member , whether he would travel into other cases , until that immediately under consideration had been disposed of . stated the object of his question to be to impeach the evidence of the witness at the bar , for whom , however , he felt a high respect . That witness had stated that the settled regulations of the army had never been broken into . He was not afraid to state that the contrary was the case ; and it was to shew 625 this that lie had put the question to the witness . should not object to the question , if it were put with any view of impeaching any testimony given at the bar . though he did not approve of the course of examination which had been pursued , yet considered this question as proper as those which had immediately before been put , relative to col. Shaw . informed the committee , that the object of his questions was to put the committee in possession of a fact of which it seemed not to have been aware , that col. Shaw had been a lieut . col. some years before major Covel was a major . observed , that the inquiry concerning Samuel Carter had been stopped , in order to proceed with the case of col. Shaw , but , if it was contended that the regulations of the army had been broken in upon , he was of opinion that the question should be put . recollected the evidence which had been given by the witness on a former night , and he was convinced it could not be impeached . He had not said that the rules of the army were never departed from , but not generally ,