of opinion might have taken place , or might at that moment exist , as to the various matters which had occurred since that brilliant achievement , he was sure there never was , at any period of our history , a stronger burst of national gratitude than that which was universally proclaimed by the people of this country on the receipt of the first intelligence of the gallant and glorious Victory of Vimiera . He was happy in being able to separate this short , but me- 146 morable Campaign from any circumstances , not so favourable , which might subsequently have attached to it ; and he had no doubt but the house would be ready to coincide and go along with him in opinion , that the success and glory attending the splendid event of the Battle of Vimiera , on the 21st of August last , deserved the highest admiration and the warmest thanks of that house and of the country . It was impossible to find in the military annals of G. Britain , a more glorious instance of the superiority of her arms , than had been given on that occasion . We had had our victories of Egypt and Maida ; but however brilliant those of any former period , none had ever exceeded that of which he was then speaking , which had afforded us a further striking and unquestionable proof , that whenever or wherever we had brought our troops into action with the French , they had shewn themselves greatly superior in courage , hardihood , and discipline.— They proved , that meet where we would , under advantages or disadvantages , whether in infantry , in artillery , ( as was shewn at Vimiera ) , or in cavalry , ( as the late campaign in Spain most decidedly evinced ) , the British soldier could maintain the same superiority over our foes as the British sailor did , and that the only difference consisted in the limited scale on which the former were , from the nature of our situation , employed . It was a fallacious mode of reasoning , to consider G. Britain as capable of acting a principal military part on the continent ; her share must necessarily be subordinate and auxiliary , but I these events showed , that if the cause of the world rested on the . British arms , it would rescue the world from the tyrant , under whose sway it now groaned.—He did not wish to enter into a circumstantial detail of the campaign in Portugal , but it would be unjust not to call the attention of the house to the splendid action performed on the I7th of Aug. which , though limited in character , and not equal in extent , did not yield in glory to the Battle of Vimiera itself . The enemy were driven from one of the strongest positions that a body of troops could occupy , and an earnest given of what was afterwards realized in the immortal Battle of the 21st . He was sure it was not from any partial feelings towards the illustrious general who commanded on these occasions that he spoke ; for much as he esteemed and admired him , it was impossible that any private feeling could enhance , in his mind , 147 the honours of an action which would for ever remain a most signal example of excellence in the military art . It was no mean triumph to overcome the best troops of France , in possession of a country and every thing necessary for the maintenance of the advantages they enjoyed , with a body of men who were only provided with what could be supplied in a short time , and so completely to overthrow them that one fourth of their force was destroyed , and of 21 pieces of artillery they could only bear eight from the field . If such distinguished results were attained without cavalry , what might not be expected from a British force , completely appointed . He understood it had been hinted in another place