aid . On this a Committee had been appointed , and though it had performed the duty to a considerable extent , yet there were various points which still remained to be considered . The finances , the trade , and several other matters had not been so thoroughly inspected as they ought to be . He stated last year , that it would be most proper to appoint such persons as were most conversant with East India Affairs ; he would now move for the re-appointment of the same persons , with the exception of two , who said that it would be very inconvenient for them to attend . The exceptions were Mr. T. Grenville and Mr. 1035 Hobhouse ; and in their places , he would propose lord Temple and Mr. Addington . observed , that he had several objections to the plan of constituting the Committee , as it had been before constituted , and he conceived this to be a proper time for briefly stating those objections . For the purpose of placing those objections in a just light , he adverted to the Committee , that had been appointed on the motions of Mr. Burke and lord Melville . On the Report of the Committee appointed by lord Melville , had been formed the Board of Controul , and members would , no doubt , recollect how his lordship had come down , session after session , with congratulations to himself and to the country , upon the prosperous state of our empire in the East , owing to his system . The noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , who had been educated in his school , followed his steps exactly , and repeated his congratulations . In 1806 , however , when another noble lord ( Morpeth ) , a friend of his , held a situation in the Board of Controul , a very different statement was produced . In 1807 , the Company had come to the house with a Petition , that they might be allowed to borrow money upon their bonds , lie resisted that , unless they would consent to make a complete disclosure of their affairs . This they promised in the following sessiton , and a Committee was accordingly appointed . The house was aware of the importance and extent of the matters to be inquired into . The house had passed a Resolution disapproving of further conquests ; but instead of adhering to the plan recommended in this Resolution , the Indian politicians persevered in their destructive schemes , till a great number of the native princes were destroyed , and the greater part of their dominions added to the territories of the Company . All the predictions with respect to their finances had failed , except that in one instance they had performed part of their engagements to the public , by paying 500,000l . The debt , which was to have been liquidated long before the time at which he was speaking , had constantly increased . It was impossible there could be a grosser case . In addition to this , the Committee had to consider the declaration of all the Directors , excepting one , that the wars of the marquis Wellesley were the cause of their embarrassments—that he had acted in violation of their laws , and had introduced into India a system of complete des- 1036 potism . What subject could be more grave and urgent than this ? The whole causes of the disappointments experienced for such a long series of years ; even the utility of the system of controul , might be called in question , as well as the conduct of all those connected with it . There might also appear some reason to conclude that the conduct of the Directors themselves ought to be arraigned ; and yet the Committee selected to inquire into all these transactions were the very persons whose conduct might be called in question , as connected with these transactions ; and they were thus to sit in judgment upon themselves and their system . There never was