his successors in the command . This was the natural consequence of the rapid supercession , in which general succeeded general , wave succeeded wave , rising some of them as it were literally out of the sea : assembled upon the stage like persons at the end of a comedy , with all 946 the happiest effects of surprize , some from one part of the world , and some from another , one from Syracuse and another from Ephesus ; bringing with them their various views and prejudices , and marring whatever was to be done by their total ignorance of all that had preceded.—It had been declared to the house and the country from the highest authority in the state , that the Convention of Cintra had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the nation . He wished the noble lord then to state , whether ministers had changed their mind ; whether they entertained a different opinion with respect to that transaction now and at the time they caused the guns to be fired ? Did they at that moment really think the news was good ? or were they only endeavouring by noise and clamour , by a bold and confident show of exultation , by firings at midnight and puffs in the morning , to confound the sense of the country , and , as sometimes happens in other theatres , to force , as excellent , down the throats of the public , what they knew in their own minds to be most execrable stuff ? He should really be curious to know in which way the hon . gentlemen meant to take it ? whether they meant to describe themselves as dupes upon that occasion , or as only intending to dupe the nation ? Among their friends , perhaps , they will prefer the latter description ; but as they can hardly venture to profess this publicly , they must be content to be set down as persons , who were unable to discover that this Convention was a bad measure , till it had received the comment of the public voice , till the knowledge of its merits was forced upon them by the universal cry of the country , by the groans and murmurs and hissings and cat-calls , and cries of , 'off , off , ' which assailed them on every side , and from every rank or order of people , from pit , boxes , and gallery . One merit , however , may be allowed them . They did not , like many authors , set themselves obstinately to resist the general judgment , but after the hints they had received , appeared willing at length to withdraw their piece , and to confess that it was , to be sure , a most wretched performance.—But , there was another and a weightier ground of accusation against the right hon . gentlemen , founded upon their total want of foresight in all their military measures , and the culpable absence of any general or comprehensive plan . This lamentable defect 947 was no less obvious in the more enlarged operations of the campaign , than in the particular arrangements which led to the Convention . His majesty 's ministers never seemed to know what to do . They sent out troops before they knew where they would be received ; they sent them in a state of equipment inadequate to the object for which they were destined ; and , when these troops had at length been brought to act upon the great theatre of the war , the occasion had gone bv , when they could be of any effectual use.—As to the noble lord 's allusion to the campaign of the Pyrenees , he was quite a stranger to its meaning ; but he was certain , that nothing had fallen from his noble friend to provoke the facetious irony of the noble lord 's comment . He could admit , that it might be desirable to send a force to reduce general Junot 's corps in Portugal , if there had