might have been when competition for substitutes ran so high . Men might now be had for 8 guineas ; and up wards of 30 had recently joined the regiment he had the honour to command , at and under that rate . He lamented as much as any man the frequency of desertions , which , he was wiling to allow , arose- 317 in a great degree , from high bounties , A description of scoundrels , who never meant to be soldiers , made a practice of following the ballots from county to county , and taking the bounties with no other view than plunder , by enlisting in one regiment , and then deserting to take the bounty in another . Such fellows were worse than highwaymen : beside , by rendering more frequent the severity of military punishments , they brought disgrace on their regiments ; and he was convinced the most effectual way of preventing such of fences would be to render them punishable by the civil law . wished to know , before he could agree to augment the disposable force , what it was intended to do with it . The noble lord had stated last year , that after allowing for the home defence , there would be 00.000 men convertible to purposes of foreign service , He wished to know where these men were . Unless we meant to repeat such scenes as the Convention of Cintra , or the retreat in Spain . we stood in need of no additional force ; for it was childish to talk of danger of invasion with our superior navy . Rome had been unable to conquer Sicily until she had subdued the Carthaginean fleet . He objected to the measure also on the ground of its changing the constitutional principle of the militia of the country . argued against the bill , The only consequence of the former measure for allowing the transfer of men from the militia to the line , had been mutiny , drunkenness , and insubordination . He must do his royal highness the Commander in Chief the justice to say , that in executing the former bill he had religiously adhered to the letter of it , and he would recommend the civil department of his majesty 's government to imitate his royal highness 's conduct in this respect . asserted , that it was admitted , on all hands , that some measure for augmenting the regular army was both proper and necessary . No other means but the present could be found for answering that purpose except a military conscription . It might be necessary for this country , in the present circumstances of the world , to act a great part on the continent , and that was only to be done by increasing the amount of the regular army of the country Though the operation of the ballot might be a hardship , that hardship would be greatly relieved by the provisions of his noble friend 's 318 bill , If the ballot were to apply at once , the bounty might rise , but when the deficiency was to be gradually supplied , no such inconvenience would be felt . approved of the establishment of the Local Militia , as securing the country against exposure to the danger of invasion . He also considered the success of a similar measure , in a late instance as a good ground for the present . agreed with the Secretary at War , that the military force of the country ought to he placed on the most respectable footing . It was but a few months since they had been told , that the army was then upon the highest establishment of which the circumstances of the country admitted . The noble lord ought therefore to state what the diminution was which had taken place in that army since that period . The papers presented last year shewed that the army then consisted of nearly 240.000 men , while the papers then on the table shewed its amount to be only 210.000 . It was