. gent . had applied himself to those who were actuated by considerations of morality in national transactions . He hoped that this included the whole house ; he hoped that all who were then present , believed national morality to be inseparable from good policy ; and if he ever acted in violation of that principle , it ought to be attributed , not to intention , but to a defect of judgment . The hon . gent . had said , that it might be alledged as a charge against him , that he was not sufficiently zealous in the cause of his country , because he undertook to advocate the cause of America against his country , when justice was on the side of the former . He assured him that his conduct should meet no such illiberal construction from him , and that he completely joined with him in believing , that the cause of justice ought to be advocated wherever it was found . The hon . gent . had said , that though he defended the cause of America when he thought it just , he would always be ready to fight for his country if matters came to that extremity . He believed there did not exist a heart more truly British than that of the hon . gent. , who was an ornament to the democracy , as a noble lord ( Grenville ) in the other house , who adopted the same course , was an ornament to the aristocracy . When he , therefore , was in opposition to them , he felt it incumbent upon him to state his reasons . The difference between them was , as to the facts of the case , and when these were correctly understood , he had a right to range their opinions on his side . The hon . gent . had said , that a war with America would be popular with some persons in this country . He was sorry that that hon . gent . had said what might produce an effect in America very different from what he intended ; he was very sorry to be obliged to believe , that there could be any so forgetful of all the feelings which a similarity of language , of origin and political freedom , were calculated to produce , as to wish for a war with America ; but if there existed a monster of that description , 1183 he assured the hon . gent . that he felt very differently from such a person upon this question . A war between this country and America , would be a far greater triumph for the enemy of liberty , than any he had ever gained . The great usurper had already subverted thrones and ancient dynasties ; he feared he might add , he was about to accomplish a triumph over the amor patriæ itself ; but he had not yet , nor , he hoped , ever would , obtain a victory over the sentiments and the honour of England . If in popular assemblies , if in America , ruled by a popular government , there could exist a feeling amicable to French tyranny , it would almost furnish an excuse for the destruction of such governments , as could be deluded with a friendship so hostile to their true interests , and so opposite to their ruling principle . The hon . gent . had talked of a point of honour , which he represented as the ground of difference between this country and America ; and for his own part he could say , that he would be willing to yield much , he would practically yield much of the point in contention , for the purpose of promoting the ends of peace . At the same time it could not be said , that we now had a threat hanging over our heads to frighten us into the concession ; the experiment had been tried , it was put in force against us , and completely failed . The hon . gent .