can defend you no longer . '' ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The truth was , the noble lord was astounded at the total failure of all his vigorous schemes , and this put him in a vein of pleasantry , such as had never before been heard of . ( A laugh and Hear ! hear ! ) . He ( Mr. T. ) however was not disposed to treat this motion so lightly . By the attention which was paid to it the country would judge of the character of the house of commons . The house ought to convince the army that , though they might be exposed to unavailing exertions and useless hardships by the mismanagement of ignorant councils , they had protectors in that assembly , who would never be slow in attending to their interests and their comforts . Unless the officers of the army had this support to look to , all would with them be absolute despair ; for with the exception of some of the connections of ministers , there was not an officer who came home from the expedition to Spain , that did not vent execrations against the authors of it . From Lugo until they reached Corunna , there was not a man engaged in that retreat of unparalleled danger and hardship , who did not vent curses against those who placed them in that situation . If he knew any thing of gesture , he could perceive from the agitation of a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) , that he was waxing wroth , and he anticipated a most splendid tirade from him in condemnation of the effect which the sentiments uttered by him might have in inflaming the army . But in what he had said , he had stated nothing more than the fact . He had heard it from officers , whom he had met in certain circles of society , and it was these he meant when he spoke of the army . The noble lord called for confidence in the head of the administration ; but who was the head ? He had a high respect for the private virtues , and many amiable and excellent qualities of the Duke of Portland , but he could not consider him as the head of the govern- 1093 ment . Was it then the Chancellor of the Exchequer ? He had already disclaimed it . Was it the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) who he could perceive was meditating some vehement burst of eloquence against him ? Was it the noble lord himself ? Was it the earl of Liverpool ? That surely could not be the case , as that noble lord was put upon record as being totally disqualified for the department of foreign affairs . Whom , then , were they to give confidence to ? He had heard much in that house of confidence . Mr. Pitt 's friends called for it over and over again . It was his misfortune not to agree with them , but Mr. Pitt had some claims to confidence . There was something in the greatness of his character , in the boldness and magnitude of his views , and in the splendour and fascination of his eloquence , that might have warranted confidence . But if they were to give it to the present government it would prove that they gave confidence , not to Mr. Pitt , but to a thing called an administration . This conclusion must necessarily follow , if they went to vote upon the principles recommended by the noble lord . did not at all mean to reply to the speeches made by the hon . gentlemen opposite , but wished to allude to one or two particular points . The right hon . gent . had said , that the march of the British troops from Portugal to Spain was by the direction of his majesty 's government . It was pretty well known to all the officers who had been with that army , that