Ellison , esq . Nicholson Calvert , esq . James Brogden , esq . right hon . P. Carew ; right hon . H. Grattan , Richard Wharton , esq . and lord A. Hamilton . And he moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to examine and consider what regulations and checks have been established , in order to controul the several branches of the Public Expenditure in Great Britain and Ireland , and how far the same have been effectual , and what further measures can be adopted for reducing any part of the said Expenditure , or diminishing the amount of Salaries and Emoluments , without detriment to the public service '' . was ready to bear testimony to the readiness with which his right hon . friend had acceded to his suggestion as to the propriety of reducing the number of the members of the Committee . In the long experience of last session it was but too obvious that the Committee was too numerous to prosecute its labours with any desirable effect . Of the certainty of 117 this they had a proof in the circumstance that the Committee had been able to make but one report , and that at the end of the . session . But , in thus acknowledging thanks to his right hon . friend for his concession , he was sorry he could not carry his concurrence further . His right hon . friend had very properly abstained from the inviduous task of discussing the qualifications of individuals to be members of the Committee . That was a task which he also should decline , though upon such an occasion he could not allow it to be unparliamentary . But nothing was more opposite to his nature and habits , than to give private offence upon public grounds . From the situation which he had filled in the former Committee , he supposed his right hon . friend wished ( indeed he had signified to him his wish , ) that he should again act as chairman . Whilst he was chairman he had employed all the diligence which his humble abilities enabled him to exert , and he had the satifaction to know , that all those who were his colleagues , as well those who differed as those who agreed with him , had thought him not unfit for the situation . He was aware of the humility of his own pretensions , but though convinced that many others were more competent from their talents , he was certain that no person could go beyond him in zeal , assiduity , and diligence . It was due , however , to himself , to state , that if he should , in the present instance , be designated for that situation , with a list so constituted , it was impossible for him to undertake the duty . He had only to add , that no consideration should induce him to act in that capacity with a Committee so composed . At the same time that he admitted that some names were retained , he must observe , that several names were omitted , of persons , whose services upon the Committee would have been highly beneficial to the public interest . He did not mean to impute any unworthy motives to his right hon . friend , yet he could not but feel that a Committee , such as he had proposed , was only calculated to delude the public , and frustrate the ends of inquiry . was glad to hear what had fallen from the hon . gent , because if he had not stated his sentiments , as he had clone , he was prepared himself to give expression to similar sentiments . After all the Reports , which had already been laid before the house , session after session , by former Committees , without producing 118 one effectual step on the part of his majesty 's ministers to remedy any of the abuses pointed out to them , or causing any effectual step towards a serious system of public economy