. It is impossible that confidence could attach to such a description of people ; and what evidence have we had since of any material change in their character ? The most powerful principles to excite mankind have uniformly been Religion and Liberty ; and have either been found materially to operate upon the recent movements of the Spanish people ? Upon the principle of religion the greatest conquerors have set out and acted . It has been found to excite the inherent spirit of heroism . But the greatest effects have been produced by the influence of the two principles united . That union , even in small countries , has operated the most important consequences . We have heard of this operation in some of the smaller states of Germany , in Holland , and in England also . What ha * been the influence of these principles in this country , when they engendered and promoted the resolution of our ancestors , to remedy abuses , to correct errors , and to destroy superstition ? Exactly the same was the resolution which they produced in Holland when she rose in resistance to the power of Spain ; and the same effect will spring from them wherever they exist . These , indeed , are the only principles which have ever served to excite the noble daring , the heroic resolution , to conquer or to die ; to seek victory or death . It was necessary , therefore , to inquire , whether the Spaniards were actuated by both , or by either of those great principles , with a view to calculate upon the probability of their success in the field . If they were not animated by the resolution which enabled Holland and England to conquer ; if they did not entertain some hope or wish for improvement of situation , what motive could induce any confidence in their energy , or zeal , or perseverance ; and if they were not sensible of this necessity , and desirous of the attainment of an improved situation , how could any reflecting man look for energy , zeal , or perseverance among them ! When I talk of improving the situation of the Spaniards , let me not be misinterpreted . I do not desire that they , or any people , should become wild or mad , and that they should destroy society itself in order to improve its condition ; that in order to remove abuses they should tear away all their ancient institutions ; that in order to reform religion they should destroy Christianity itself ; but I do say , 1063 while the inquisition existed , that , it the Spaniards were not sensible of the multitude of abuses which pressed upon them , if they felt not a wish to reform abuses , and to restore their rights , and were not willing , for that reformation and restriction , to encounter all the dangers and endure all the difficulties inseparable to the species of warfare in which they were engaged ; I say , that if this people were not actuated by the wish for , and encouraged by the hope of , an improved condition , it was impossible for any statesman , for any man of common sense , to suppose that they would fight with success . I would not be understood to intimate that ministers ought to have dictated any thing relative to improvement to the Spaniards , or that any dictatorial tone should have been assumed . What I mean to say is this , that if the Spaniards were insensible of the cause of their degradation , and indifferent as to its removal , it was in vain for England to calculate upon materially exciting the spirit , or effectually aiding the exertion of such a people . What , I would ask , would be the situation of England itself at this hour , if the domineering establishment of the priesthood had not been removed , if the baneful effects of the feudal system had not ceased to exist , and if a