Tagus in view , such an ample equipment was not necessary , as would be required for those which he afterwards undertook . He must also state , that when he embarked at Cork he was to proceed to the coast of Spain , without any certainty whether he should be allowed to land at all , or if he should , where he might land ; and it was therefore considered that the horses must suffer considerably from being kept a long time on board , and consequently those of an inferior description were chosen , which , under all the circumstances , might be best fitted for a service of this nature.—The next point to be adverted to , respected the operations which he himself undertook , on which the noble lord had said nothing . The hon . general however who spoke last had said that he ( sir A. Wellesley ) had been hurried forward by an honourable ambition to undertake an operation of considerable risk . Now , he wished to call the attention of the house to what had passed at the Board of Inquiry . He conceived as he had stated to that court that he had a larger British force than any which the enemy could bring into the field against him : he was , indeed , inferior in cavalry , but he expected to be joined by some Portuguese cavalry , which , together with the British , would form a respectable corps , though then , no doubt , he might in that respect be inferior to the enemy.—But under all these circumstances he asked , whether the hon . general himself would have hesitated , if he had been in his situation , to act as he had done ? He assured the hon . general , that he would much rather follow his example in the field , than his advice in the senate , ( Hear ! hear ! ) He had the choice of two lines of march when he landed in Portugal , and , for obvious reasons , had chosen that along the coast . Besides the troops which he had under his command at the time , he had reason to expect reinforcements under general Ackland , sir H. Burrard , and sir John Moore . Now , in order to shew how well satisfied he was of the sufficiency of his own force to execute his object , he did not intend to have employed the corps under general Ackland in the field at all , but intended to have sent it to besiege 931 Peniche . When sir II . Burrard arrived , he had no longer the command , but he recommended to him a plan of operation for the corps of sir John Moore , and if that had been adopted , he should not this night have had the mortification to hear the noble lord propose a Resolution that the Expedition to Portugal had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the nation . That plan was , that sir John Moore should advance upon Santarem , with a view to intercept , the enemy . He thought that the French would endeavour to cross the Tagus . That plan was feasible , not only in his opinion , but in the opinion of all the general officers who had given evidence at the Court of Inquiry , and even of the Court itself , which the hon . general would find if he would be so kind as to read the Report . Sir H. Burrard , however , thought proper to call that corps to the assistance of the army . It was not necessary now to enter into any discussion on that subject , I but it was material to observe that this circumstance altered the whole system of operations.—With respect to the change of commanders , when he left England , he never expected to bo continued in the command after large reinforcements had arrived , to the exclusion of many valuable officers . But at the same time he did not think that