was established in Spain until the month of September , and , consequently , that we could send ho force to assist them before that period . But it was thought proper to send money , arms , and military stores to them all . This I look upon as a prodigal waste of the public money . When ministers had sent large sums of money to the different provincial Juntas , they should have taken care , that the money was applied to military purposes only ; and Spain could not have taken offence , if , when we were assisting her with our money , persons had been sent out to see that it was applied to the purposes for which it was intended . The right hon . gentleman has stated , that it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to send out a British army to Spain , on the establishment of a Central Government and not before . It would surely be in the recollection of the right hon . gentleman , that this resolution must have been formed so early as July . Now , sir , it so happens , that in the month of July sir Arthur Wellesley tendered to the Spaniards 10,000 men , and I am as much bound to believe sir A. Wellesley , on a military subject , at least , as I am bound to believe the right hon . gentleman . Thus the house will perceive , that what the right hon . gentleman has stated as his defence on this part of the subject , is one of those arguments in which there is unfortunately no proof whatever . It is , indeed , a very good defence , inasmuch as it is very eloquent : but inasmuch as it is deficient in one part of a defence , which the right hon . gentleman 's friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , who sits near him , will tell him is considered as an indispensible requisite , namely , truth— it is an unavailing and untenable defence . So much for the fact as to the time of our offering assistance , and also of our refusal to fritter away our force in divisions , or to act upon any other principle than that of a concentrated mass of our disposable force . The right hon . gentleman has had the modesty to confess that he is not a military man , and that he takes his opinions from military men of high authority . Now , sir , as far as matter of opinion goes , I have no difficulty in stating , that I also have conversed 81 with many military men , and those too of no mean authority , on the subject of our entering Portugal , and I do solemnly declare , that I have never met with one military man who ventured to assert , that an expedition to Portugal was , or could be , of the least service to Spain . Now , sir , seeing that the total inconsistency and miscarriage of the military plans of the right hon . gentleman have not been inferior to the futility of his defence this night , I can not help advising the right hon . gentleman , before he undertakes another expedition , to pursue a different course , and to consult some other high military authorities than those by whose advice the expedition to Portugal was undertaken . The very judicious reference made by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) to the prudent conduct of the ministers of out-great Elizabeth , when England assisted the Dutch in their contest for liberty , excited at once the indignation and sarcastic jocularity of the right hon . gentleman . What , said he , would have been the feelings of Spain had we demanded pledges of their sincerity and fidelity r Could there ' have been a proposition more insulting to the feelings of the Spanish nation ? —But granting ( continues he , with triumphant levity ) that this argument were good ;