Petty ) has been asked , Why , if he disapproved so much of the Court of Inquiry , he did not propose a substitute ? But what is meant by a substitute for a thing that is past ? A past measure can not be displaced so as to have something put in the room of it . The measure must for . ever have been . The effects of past measures may often be corrected and their force or operation reversed ; but even that can not happen in the present instance , and one of the complaints made is , that the proceeding is of such a nature as precludes the possibility of its being set right.—But , even supposing the establishment of this Court and its decision to be perfectly justifiable , what would it have to do with his majesty 's ministers ? The declaration , that none of the officers concerned ought to be put upon their trial , could be no justification of government . The Board of Inquiry had broadly stated , that it was the want of means that prevented the victory of Vimiera from being followed up in the manner in which the gainer of that victory would have improved his advantage . Agreeably to what he had before observed , the acquittal of the officers might be , and was in the present instance , the condemnation of the government . As to the measure of the Convention becoming then necessary , he differed from the hon . general in one point not military ; and upon that the hon . general and the officers who composed the Board of Inquiry , appeared to him to have a fallacious view . It had been stated by them , that the object of the expedition was to procure the evacuation of Portugal by the French troops . This assertion he should deny . What advantage , it was asked , would it have been to Portugal to have driven the French troops into Spain ? But might it not as well be asked , what advantage could it have been to Spain to transport the French troops in our ships to port of France from which they could speedily march into Spain ? If that was the original view of the expedition it was a false 941 one.—There was another point touched upon by the hon . general , and with the same clearness and perspicuity which characterized the other parts of his speech , but from which he must dissent . The hon . general had said , that the advantages which resulted from the evacuation of Portugal by the enemy , and the time gained thereby , were equivalent to all that might have been lost in other respects . This he could not admit , because any time that might be necessary for the reduction of the enemy would have been amply repaid by its consequences . But if , after a considerable loss of time and much effusion of blood , the terms granted were to be such as they were , and that nothing could be done , then , though the Convention might be right , yet he must ask , why send an army to Portugal at all ? If the object were not to compel the French to far other terms than those they obtained , he would never have thought of sending an army to Portugal . The hon . general had stated , that he thought himself competent with the force originally under his command to accomplish the objects of the campaign ; it was therefore what he could not understand , why , when that force had been doubled and trebled , no more could be done than to bring the French to the terms stipulated in the Convention . If so , there was a want of prudence , a culpable precipitancy , in the original advance of the hon . general with so inferior a force ; and what was to be thought of the conduct of those ministers , who had sent him out with such