had ever been exposed to a case more severe and cruel than that in which the hon . gent , had so hastily involved his royal highness the duke of York . Where was the urgent haste which impelled the hon . gent , to give notice of a motion , containing such grave matter of accusation against so exalted a personage , before he knew whether the evidence he was to call , in proof of his charges , not only were in , the country , but even whether they were in existence or not r Could any thing be more cruel than that calumnies should remain upon the characters of those who perhaps had fallen in their country 's cause , and upon him who had promoted them , 311 without perhaps any opportunity ever occurring , when the reasons of such promotions might be honourably explained and justified . Was there no charge respecting which the hon . gent , might be prepared to proceed in on Friday ? The Commander in Chief was as liable , and as ready , as any man to have his conduct inquired into ; but was it to be endured that the second personage in the kingdom should thus be condemned to have such grave charges hang over his conduct and character , without the possibility of bringing them to a speedy examination ? Let the hon . gent , now state distinctly in what charge , he was prepared to proceed on Friday next . If the officers he had named were not yet arrived , it was well known that many of the other witnesses he had named in opening his motion were now in London : Why not , therefore , proceed without delay to have their evidence before the house ? Major-General French might possibly have gone to the West Indies ; Capt . Huxley Sandon might be no more . Where , then , would there be left any thing to balance the charges brought against his royal highness ? In eandour , in justice , in every principle of fair dealing , such delays should not be tolerated ; indeed , the hon . gent . must be ignorant of parliamentary proceedings , not to have known that he should not have stirred this question without being fully prepared to bring it to an issue . Why , then , did he not consult some gentleman who was more conversant with such matters , and not thus act with such injustice towards the Commander in Chief , even to the interruption and detriment of the public business ? said , that he was not a'varc of the delay , and that he never intended any . He should do all in his power to accelerate the business , and would be ready to bring forward the case of captain Maling on Friday . The chairman then reported progress , and the House being resumed , it was ordered that the hon . gent , do further proceed in his charges on Friday next . expressed a hope that he should be permitted to-morrow to examine some further evidence upon the points under consideration of the Committee yesterday . 312 He asked leave at the same time to correct an answer he had given yesterday to the question of an hon . member through mere error of memory . He had stated that he saw Mrs. Clarke but once on the evening of Tuesday last , forgetting at the same time that he had seen her also on the morning of that day for about two minutes . said it was competent for the honourable gentleman to explain the circumstance in his place . moved , that a proper person from the office of the Secretary to the Commander in Chief , do attend this house to-morrow with the books containing all applications made by subaltern officers to purchase promotions , within the period that three commissions were given to captain Maling . had no objection to the attendance of any person from the office of the Commander in Chief ; but he thought