fairly ascribed to me . The conviction of my mind is , and for some time has been , that unless the system of corruption that has so long prevailed in the military department be done away , this country may fall an easy prey to the enemy . Consistently , therefore , with , any rational feeling of solicitude for my country which involves my own connections and my family , it is impossible that I should sit silent , and allow the practices which have come to my knowledge , to be any longer concealed , from those who are so much interested in their character and tendency . It is upon these grounds , sir , that I am urged to offer myself to your attention . 181 The first point in the case which I have to stale , relates to the Half-pay Fund , which is an establishment under the direction of the Commander in Chief . This fund arises out of the sale of commissions vacant by death ; by the promotion of officers not allowed to sell ; or by dismissions from the service . The power of the Commander in Chief over this fund was constituted , and intended , for the reward of merit , either by the appointment of meritorious officers to the commissions which so became vacant , or by selling them and applying the produce of such sales to the redemption of hall-pay commissions , or to the Compassionate Fund . Here the power of the Commander in Chief over such produce ceases . If the commissions I have described are otherwise disposed of , the authority vested in the Commander in Chief is abused , and the objects of the Half-pay Fund are abandoned . Now , if I can shew that those commissions are appropriated to very different purposes , it will of course appear that such abuse and abandonment does take place— that merit is not rewarded— that the Half-pay List is not reduced— that the Compassionate Fund is not assisted . For the purpose of shewing this it is absolutely necessary to call the attention of the House to another establishment of the Commander in Chief 's , which is quite of a different complexion to that I have just mentioned . This establishment , which consisted of a splendid house in Gloucester-place , a variety of carriages , and a long retinue of servants , commenced in the year 1803 , and at the head of it was placed a lady of the name of Clarke . As this lady forms a principal party in several of the facts which I have to cite , I am under the necessity , however reluctantly , to mention her name , as well as that of others , in order to make out a fair parliamentary basis for my motion , and to satisfy the House that I have not brought it forward upon light grounds . In producing this satisfaction , I have no doubt of succeeding , and I assure the House , that I shall endeavour to avoid trespassing upon their time by the statement of more cases than appear to me necessary to the particular points which my motion embraces . The first Case to which I have to call your attention is that of capt . Tonyn , whom I understand to be an officer of merit , and in alluding to him upon this occasion , I beg it to be understood that I mean no reflection whatever upon his character . 182 This officer , who held his captaincy in the 48th regt . of foot , was promoted to a majority in the 31st regt . according to the Gazette , on the 2d Aug. l804 For such promotion , to which , no doubt , capt . Tonyn 's professional merit entitled him to aspire , he was indebted to the influence of Mrs. Clarke ; without which he might have long looked for promotion in vain . To Mrs. Clarke , capt . Tonyn was introduced by capt . Huxley Sandon , of the Royal