to be taken , the public would conceive the nomination of such a Committee as the present , a mere farce to cajole and delude them . What had been done by the right hon . gent , at the head of the finance department in consequence of the first great recommendation of the former Committee of which the hon . member who spoke last had filled the Chair , in respect to the bargain with the Bank of England ? Why , that a sum of 60,000l . was taken as an equivalent for their advantages in the management of the public money , when 260,000l . ought to have been demanded . He considered this as nothing else than a bribe to the Bank out of the public purse , while the fight hon . gent , was obliged to make good the deficit by laying new taxes upon the country.— The next prominent point was , the recommendation in the report of the former Committee , respecting the gross defalcation that had occurred in a department of great public expenditure , at the head of which was the right hon . Thomas Steele , who had taken above 19,000l . under false pretences ; and what had been done by his majesty 's ministers in that case ? Why , nothing more than merely to demand of him the payment of the money , instead of directing the king 's Attorney-General to institute a prosecution against him . The third Report recommended the abolition of sinecure places , with enormous salaries . But what had been done ? Why , to employ new clerks to correct the errors of inefficient clerks , but without any measure of public economy being adopted . If his majesty 's ministers were really serious in their wishes to check abuses , to stem profusion , and to economize the public purse , they had ample grounds to proceed on in the Reports of the Finance Committees already laid upon the table of the house within the last three years . Judging , however , from their utter supineness , and obvious contempt of those Reports and the measures therein recommended , he could not help considering the nomination of such a Committee as a mere delusion , and that as little was meant to be done in the three years to come , as in the three years last past . There was every reason for the people to murmur at the delusive result of a system from which they were taught to expect economy and 119 reform . Instead of which , the system of expenditure , for several years past , was rather for a war upon the purses of the people than for a war against the common enemy . The Finance Committee in 1797 , made 24 Reports ; that in 1798 made 12 more , all containing the most important , clear , decisive , intelligent , and instructive information on the state of the finances of the country ; and what had ministers done inconsequence ? Not one thing . The same was to be said of the Reports of the last three years , and every thing they recommended . Where , then , was the use of appointing a new Committee , if the same system was still to go on ? There were other gross abuses in another department wilder an hon . gent , opposite , which he should notice at another opportunity ; but he would repeat , that if any thing of reform or economy was sincerely intended , the mischief and the means of redress would be found stated in the Reports already before the House . It would , however , be impossible to avoid the continuance of peculation , profusion , and abuse , unless the house should demand and insist upon having the accounts of the public receipt and expenditure for one year , before they voted a shilling of new supply for the next . The right hon . gent , at the head of the Finances had declared he had no objection to