system of operations on the coast of Portugal , having sent general Burrard to supersede him , and general Dalrymple to supersede general Burrard , designing to send another general out to supersede general Dalrymple , it is entertaining to see the noble lord recommending persons so superseding each other to act together in harmony . The noble leader of the band puts all his instruments out of tune , throws them into a strain of discord , and then conjures them to be harmonious . By this time , however , the noble lord was himself become completely ignorant of who was the commander in chief ; they had been appointed in such rapid succession , he knew not to whom he should address himself as such , and all his future Instructions were therefore directed to the senior officer for the time being . The noble lord too , in writing to the senior officer for the lime being , acquaints him that the nature and character of the expedition require that it should be followed up without delay ; and yet every letter sent to the senior officer is only to be opened by him , in case some other senior officer has not superseded him . I could have conceived in some part of this system of the noble lord , in superseding the commanders , a reason which might have led the public to acquiesce in the propriety of placing in the first instance , one gallant general over sir A. Wellesley . When it was resolved to deprive sir A. Wellesley of the chief command , and to send to Portugal the force under sir John Moore , the unprofitable employment of which in another quarter was by no means chargeable upon him , one should suppose that this gallant officer was most likely to be sir Arthur 's successor . Had this change been made , although I should not desire the removal of sir A. Wellesley , still I should applaud the feeling which pointed out the successor . But no , such a successor was not thought of by the noble lord . No respect was manifested for the feelings of sir John Moore . 'On the contrary , it seemed to have been studiously provided , that in all the changes , that highly meritorious officer should not have even a temporary command . He who throughout his life had displayed so much skill and valour , so much zeal and patriotism ; and who had conducted his army with such distinguished judgment through a long , a fatiguing , and perilous march ; he , who would have 909 saved that army from all danger had his views been duly seconded , was not considered by the noble lord as deserving of any attention , for on the very day that sir Hew Dalrymple was appointed to the command in chief , orders were sent out that sir Harry Burrard should supersede sir John Moore . A more unwelcome appointment to gen. Burrard could not have been given . I am sure nothing could be more repugnant to his mind than to learn that he was to command 14,000 men that had come from Sweden , and who , if employed , could not have been better disposed of than under the command of sir John Moore.—There yet remains one point with regard to the equipment of this expedition , to which it is necessary for me to call the attention of the house . I mean the Instruction in the letter of the 15th of July , as to horses . After stating the various measures taken by his majesty 's government for a supply , it is stated that the great expence of rendering the army maintainable on its landing , has determined his majesty to trust to the resources of the country , as there was no doubt it would furnish every species of supply . Such was the confidence expressed with regard to the supply that Portugal was to afford . I will beg gentlemen to refer to the examination of sir Arthur Wellesley ,