certainly had applied the epithet of `` learned '' to the learned gentleman ; but at all events he was sure that when he called him the `` adviser of the Duke of York , '' he did not mean to cast any imputation on his integrity . blamed the noble lord for the censure which he had chosen to pass on the house , and for the assumption which he had chosen to make in stating that his honourable friend , in the charges which he had brought , forward , had been supported by himself alone . Had that hon . gent . been so deserted as his noble friend described him to be , he should not have wanted his aid ; but having on a former occasion , upon an inquiry into the conduct of the Medical Board , witnessed that hon . gent . 's ability , he should have thought it highly indelicate had he thrusted himself into his councils unasked and uncalled for . That hon . gent . had evinced the utmost manliness and delicacy in standing on the ground on which he had chosen to stand , single and unsupported . He had rested his character on the event , and the event would justify him ; but it was not becoming any member to arrogate to himself peculiar praise on this occasion . The noble lord ought to give credit to others for acting on principles similar to those on which he had himself acted . 667 With respect to the noble lord 's panegyric , he thought he had read it in some publication ; if not , perhaps he might yet do so . He could not , however , but be of opinion , that it would have proceeded with more propriety from any other lips than his own . said , he had not meant to pass a panegyric on himself : he had been misrepresented . All he alluded to was the assistance that he might have rendered his hon . friend out of that house . said , as he had understood that some suspicions had been sent abroad relative to the authenticity of the D. of Y . 's letters , whose writing had been only spoken to by Mrs. Clarke , he now wished to have the matter put beyond doubt . said , he did not believe the writing had been denied in that house , and that when any hon . member brought forward a letter in the house , he generally substantiated it by as good evidence as he could produce . wished to have the two letters of Samuel Carter to Mrs. Clarke read . suggested the propriety of proving the hand-writing . said , that many questions had been asked during the enquiry on subjects not merely military , as in the case of Dr. O'Meara , and he did not see why the usual course should now be slopped . said , that if the application from the baroness Nolleken related to a civil appointment , it could not possibly be admitted as evidence on an inquiry which was purely of a military nature . was still of opinion , that the question was as proper as many others that had been put in the course of this investigation . observed , that Mrs. C. had already answered that the appointment solicited by baroness Nolleken was not a military one , and as the present investigation was merely military , consequently the question was not a proper one to be pressed . was forcibly struck with the objection started by the learned gent. , and therefore thought , that with a view to discharge the duty they owed the public , the Chairman should be instructed , on the breaking up of the Committee , to move for an enlargement of its powers . observed , that it was for the Committed to decide whether the letter was evidence ; and until the Committee should so decide , that it was improper for the witness to state the substance of it . He therefore should move