any further in a species of interrogation totally foreign from and irrelevant to the subject of enquiry , and which could throw no light whatever upon the charges of corruption preferred by the hon . gent . He would rather , indeed , put it to the good tense and discretion of the hon . gent . him- 398 self , whether he thought it would at all contribute to his purpose , or be decorous towards the house , thus to occupy its time with a species of examination so foreign to the object proposed . acceded to what appeared to be the wish of the committee , and consequently withdrew the question ; but having one or two other questions to ask , desired that the witness should be called in again . objected to the questions , and wished the hon . gent . to shew how any conversation , which had taken place between the wilness and col. French , could be evidence against the D. of York ? as the question had been asked , wished it to be answered . had not wished to interrupt the examination , or the course of evidence pursued by the hon . gent . ; but as an objection had been taken by his learned friend , he must say , that the evidence was irrelevant . notwithstanding the 402 legal opinion just pronounced , thought that any conversation between the witness and col. French , relative to the means of obtaining the letters of service , ought to be received as evidence upon the charge against the Duke of York . observed , that the noble lord 's argument did not apply to the case , because , putting Mrs. C. out of the question , and supposing the witness and col. French to have conversed upon what passed between the D. of Y. and col. French , his statement of such conversation would not be evidence . If they were to have what passed between col. French and the D. of Y. , they must have col. French himself . He had nut objected to the course of his examination , because the hon . gent . having had notice not to proceed to the charge respecting col. French 's levy without col. French , ought to have been sufficiently prepared , when he did enter on it , to go through with it . Besides , it would have been unpleasant to the house , that the hon . member should , under such circumstances , have been stopped in the course he was pursuing . agreed with his right hon . friend , that the course of the examination ought not to be interrupted , because it was desirable that the matter should be sifted to the bottom . Though he did not think that infamy would rest with the hon . gent. , yet he was convinced there was something foul in the transaction , and that it would be found that bribes had been given to witnesses on this subject . It was the duty of the house to inquire into the matter to the bottom . expressed a wish that the committee should rise , and the Chairman report progress , on account of the late hour of the night . He also wished the postponement , as he was much fatigued , and it was necessary from the peculiar situation he was placed in , to attend the examination of all the witnesses . ( A loud cry of `` Go on ! Go on ! '' from all parts of the House . ) said , he wished that the far- 432 ther examination of the witnesses should be continued . At the same time he conceived , if the hon . gent , who preferred the charges wished to postpone entering into further investigation for the present , he was entitled to the indulgence . intimated that he was ready to proceed . said , if it did not derange the system which the hon . member intended to pursue , he wished Mrs. Clarke to be called