have abandoned the cause of Spain ? There might be many opinions as to the mode in which assistance ought to have been rendered , but there was only one opinion on this point , that we ought not , in any case , to seem to apply it to our own particular interest . It had ; been spread by our enemies on the continent , that England stimulated the wars which had so long disturbed the repose of the world in pursuit of her own advantage , and to augment her maritime superiority , and that if she failed in the preservation of her allies , she was ever ready to share in their plunder . Care , then , was to be taken not to suffer the imputation of a blot of that kind in the war for Spain ; and against such a suspicion ministers had most cautiously guarded the honour of their country . It certainly had been possible for us at the commencement of the Spanish war , to have remained neutral , and said to ourselves , we are glad to see discord springing up between France and her allies ; but the voice and feeling of the British nation declared loudly and 221 vehemently against such a course . When we had , then , gone into the more high and elevated line , we were bound to adhere to it with the more vigour and perseverance . If we had agreed to the terms proposed by Buonaparté , Spain would have been in a worse condition than when she first rose against his usurpation : deserted in the moment of her utmost need , and given up to the vengeance of an enraged and tyrannous conqueror , and to all the terrors of military execution . In these enlightened days the imposition of a foreign dynasty was not regarded with so much abhorrence , as it was considered what useful internal regulations the usurpers might introduce . Glad was he to think that so detestable a mode of reasoning was confined to only a. few political speculators ; the general sense and feeling of mankind revolted at the idea . There was an irresistible impulse which bound men to their native soil ; which made them cherish their independence ; which united them to their legitimate princes ; and which fired them with enthusiastic indignation against the imposition of a foreign yoke . No benefit to be received from a conqueror could , in their mind , atone for the loss of national independence . Let us , then , do homage to the Spanish nation for their attachment to their native soil , an attachment which in its origin is divine ; and do not let us taunt them with being a century behind us in civilization or in knowledge , or attached to prejudices in religion , in politics , or in arts , which we have happily surmounted.—In conclusion , he begged the house , in judging of the conduct pursued by his majesty 's ministers , to lay aside every thing in their favour which might excite an interest in the heart , and to judge them in the matter of the negotiation by the strictest rules , as if they had been treating with an unworthy ally and an undisguised enemy.—The right hon . secretary then moved an Address , thanking his majesty for the communication on this subject made to the house ; pledging themselves to support him in the maintenance of the war ; and approving of the line of conduct pursued by Ministers on the late occasion of the Overtures made by Russia and France from Erfurth , & c. said , he rose fully confident that he could reconcile the opinion which felt it his duty on that night to state with the sentiments which on a similar occasion he had formerly delivered . He had listened with no less satisfaction than at- 222 tention , to the speech of the right hon . secretary ; a speech truly eloquent ; but , what much more astonished him , replete with those