of Union , it was well understood , wanted revision in some of its parts for the benefit of both countries ; but it was most consistent with its spirit to proceed to that work at once , and not by prohibiting the intercourse in any instance to cut the gordian knot , which a little patience and attention might unravel . The interest of the revenue was said to be at stake . The principle of the Bill had nothing to do with revenue , but into that consideration should enter how far the deficiencies complained of were or were not inevitable , and how far any accidental deficiency might be amply made good by the additional tax of 3s . per cent , on the whole of the sugar consumed within the kingdom ; this tax , which attached only at certain average prices of the article , would in his decided opinion be levied upon the coming crop , if the sugar distillery was extended to Ireland , and not otherwise—He offered these observations not in opposition to the Bill , but earnestly recommending a reconsideration of the proposed limitation of its opetion , which he believed to be inconsistent , unfair and impolitic . presented a Petition from the Working Cotton Manufactu- 1052 rers of Lancaster , praying a Bill for settling a Minimum on the Rates of Wages . said , that averse as he was to any strong mark of discountenance to petitions coming from any class of subjects before that house , yet he felt it his duty , on the present occasion , out of lenity to the petitioners themselves , to give the earliest opposition to a petition , praying that which it was scarcely possible for that house in its wisdom to grant , because it would be the most ruinous principle which could be adopted in any country , namely , that of fixing by law , a minimum or a maximum to the price of labour , food , or any thing else , which in their very nature , must always fluctuate in different places according to local and temporary circumstances . Something of the kind was attempted during the French revolution under Robespierre , for settling a maximum on the price of provisions , and which was productive of the most dreadful consequences to the French nation . Were it adopted in the present case , it would have the effect of throwing almost perpetually out of employment immense numbers of the petitioners themselves , and aggravating , in an incalculable degree , the distresses of which they complained . He had taken much pains to inform himself on the subject of this petition , and the more he considered it , the more ruinous to the petitioners he saw would be a compliance with their request . Seeing , therefore the utter impolicy of such a compliance , he thought the sooner they were taught to feel there were no hopes to be entertained that parliament would accede to their object , the greater would be the lenity shewn to them , and the more speedily would they be saved the further loss of time and expence , as well as restraint from tumult and disturbance . He should therefore move that the petition be dismissed . coincided with the hon . gent . as to the impossibility of complying with the petition , upon considerations of lenity towards the petitioners themselves . But he was against any proceeding that might have the appearance of harshness , or discouragement towards any class of subjects , in exercising the right , common to all , of petitioning that house . He was , therefore , disposed to think that the petition should be allowed to be on the table . thought , if the petition was referred to a Committee up stairs , some 1053 relief might be suggested for the petitioners , who were really very much distressed . said , the subject had been before a Committee two years since , which alter long and minute deliberation , could suggest no relief for the