duty to differ , how much more aggravated must my objections have been to the Order issued by the present servants of the crown , on the 11th of Nov. of the same year . Indeed , Sir , to the system which at that period those gentlemen opposite thought proper to adopt , we can not apply the mere enaction of a trifling theoretical proposition . It has been felt in all its evils , and the experience of every day has proved its hostility to the vital interests of this empire . The right hon . gentlemen fancied , nay , they predicted , that in their Orders of Council they erected a monument to their own foresight and political sagacity . A monument they certainly did rear , but it was a monument of their arrogance , of their imbecility , and their lamentable perverseness . My object is not to propose any theoretic or speculative propositions , but to endeavour , by calling the attention of this house to the state of our relations with America , to remove the obstacles to reconciliation with her , which the conduct of his majesty 's ministers has created ; because , in place of considering the confederacy against this country , `` as broken and frittered into fragments utterly harmless and contemptible , '' I look upon it as extended and continued beyond the example of any former time . The snake has been `` scotched not killed . '' She appears now more erect , dilated , extended , and continued than ever , with accumulated fury in her crest , and tenfold venom in her sting . When such effects have followed from the course that has been adopted , surely I , as the friend to conciliation with America , may fairly call upon this house not to persevere in a system which , if persevered in , must add that country to the catalogue of the enemies of G. Britain.—And here allow me , Sir , to recall to the attention of this house the particular predictions of the right hon . gentlemen opposite . True it is , that the right hon . the Secretary of Slate ( Mr. Canning ) did not on this subject join frequently in the discussions of this house . Still the learned gent. , who was considered an oracle on such subjects ( sir Win . Scott ) did predict that the Orders in Council would in their operation prove fully correspondent with their professed object . The Chancellor of the Exchequer told you to have no appre- 1165 hensions of any hostile feeling in America on such account , because he was convinced , from the most conclusive considerations , that the issuing of such Orders could give no umbrage to the American people . That in them they could see no causes for discontent , neither would their government make them the grounds for either remonstrance or hostility . A learned gent. , not now in his place ( sir John Nichols ) , told us , that our Orders would lead to an efficacious and glorious issue of the system of neutral aggression , introduced by the government of France , and terminate in peace . But the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) exceeded all the other panegyrists of this redoubted policy , by telling us , that in consequence of adopting it , G. Britain would become the emporium of the trade of the world , although at the same moment he protested and 'vowed to his God ' ( a laugh ) , that there was nothing he so much deprecated as hostility with America , and that nothing in his support of those Orders , was so distant from his thought as such a disastrous event ; and yet he added , that the neutrality of America was of no use to this country . Indeed , both numerous and various were the benefits , the enjoyments of which we were too vainly promised . Our manufactures were to flourish by the monopoly of the raw