90 in the report alluded to by the right hem gent. , a ground totally false had been assigned for the embargo , when it was stated to have been produced by the British Orders in Council . It could not be supposed , that that very distinguished member of the American representative could have forgotten the grounds assigned for a measure , in the discussion of which he had taken a conspicuous part . As to the gentleman whose evidence at the bar had been referred to , he made no doubt dial he was a gentleman of respectability ; though he was inclined to question the fact of his having been able to communicate to any person in America any intelligence respecting the Orders in Council , which could have reached America before the passing of the Embargo Act . To this point he could speak with some confidence , because he had proceeded on a mission to America in that year , and when he sailed from this country on the 11th or 12th of Nov. 1807 , he had not known of the Orders in Council . He arrived in the American waters on the 27th Dec. and on the 10th Jan. following at Washington . At the time he reached the American waters , no more recent intelligence had been received , than that brought by the vessel in which he sailed , nor had any ship arrived but one from Glasgow that had sailed from that port , two days later than the date of his sailing from England , which , however , did nut bring as recent intelligence a * he had . No letter , consequently , could have been received , communicating the Orders in Council . The statement of the gent , at the bar might be true , but it did not appear whether his letter had reached^ America , or when . lie had also to add , that , from the time when he arrived in America , to the time of his departure in April 1808 ; he had never heard the Orders in Council assigned as the ground of the Embargo , and he was convinced it had never been so stated in the debates , with closed doors , wherein the Embargo measure was discussed previous to its passing . The first time he had heard such a statement made , was , when on his return to England he learned the proceedings in parliament upon the Orders in Council . stated in justification of the Ordnance Department , that it was not from any neglect in this department , that any deficiency of ordnance appointments had been felt in the expedition to Portugal , as every , necessary supply could have been instantaneously afforded , 91 if it had been thought right to attach equipments of that description to the expedition to Portugal . in explanation stated that there had been no deficiency of artillery horses in that branch of the public service ; and that a sufficiency of artillery horses could have been procured only by signing an order for them , if it had been thought adviseable to send out any with the expedition . censured the conduct of ministers in not having sent a larger force of cavalry along with sir Arthur Wellesley . condemned the general system of politics , observed by his majesty 's ministers with respect to the dispute with America . animadverted in severe terms upon the Answer returned by his majesty 's ministers to the Address of the city of London on the Convention in Portugal . The question was then put and agreed to nem . con . when a committee was appointed to prepare and draw up the Address . After which the house adjourned . took the opportunity of briefly expressing his sentiments on the subject . In concurring with the Address , he by no means understood himself to be precluded from making any future observations on the various topics which it embraced . For instance , while he heartily concurred in the propriety of rejecting the terms upon which