the first question to be asked , as the means by which it must be ascertained , whether there existed or not a corpus delicti . Upon this point the answer was unanimous , without the exception even of his majesty 's ministers . There was a failure to be accounted for , a ship lost , for which the commander must be tried , whether blame must ultimately be imputed to him or not . In the present instance he would say confidently , that blame must be imputed somewhere , either upon the officers or upon the ministers . The Court of Inquiry was a tribunal very little competent to this purpose . 939 It was confessedly confined to half the object which the house and the country would have in view . In the manner in which the hon . gentlemen had conducted it , from motives and purposes of their own , it was wholly unfit even for that part of the subject which it did embrace , and was in every respect a most unjust and unconstitutional mode of proceeding . The true conception , as he apprehended , of a Court of Inquiry , was that of a set of persons delegated to inquire into the circumstances of any transaction , for the purpose afterwards of advising his majesty confidentially , whether there was ground for submitting the matter to an inquiry of a more judicial nature . They were a set of advisers and not of judges , or , if judges , judges who were to judge of nothing but whether the matter ought to be submitted to judgment . As far as resemblances and analogies might be admitted , ( never very safe to be trusted to , they were ) , as had been observed , of the character of a Grand Jury : and therefore according to the analogy , as well as according to the nature of the thing , ought to have kept their proceedings secret . As a secret tribunal they were to determine whether they would advise his majesty to try his officers . But what the ministers wanted , was that , as a public tribunal , they should determine whether the country ought to acquit his ministers . They pervert therefore the whole nature of the tribunal , and have produced out of it such a strange , anomalous , and inconsistent proceeding , as was never known in the laws of this or of any country , and can not be made conclusive to any purpose that shall be at once Rational and honest . It is a trial and no trial . It can neither condemn so as to inflict punishment on the guilty , nor acquit so as to protect the innocent from further prosecution . In the mean while , witnesses are I to be pledged , impressions made and facts prematurely disclosed , so as to render a fair trial before a regular tribunal no longer practicable . The cause of all this is to be found in the sinister purposes of the ministers on one side , and in their fears on the other . They wanted to hush up the business so as to prevent that full disclosure which a trial would bring out , and which might involve statements not so convenient to themselves . For this purpose either no inquiry at all , or an inquiry in the regular mode , with shut doors , would have been most convenient . But that the impatience of the public would 940 not readily acquiesce in . To that the terrors of the newspapers were opposed . They therefore conceived and brought forth that monstrous production , unknown to our laws and our usages , an open Court of Inquiry , of which the only effect has been to throw dust in the eyes of the people , by a show of trial without the reality , and by making them believe , that what after all is said only of the officers , was to be applied to the ministers.—My noble friend ( lord H.