system is carried to its whole extent , the most powerful invading army may be brought to conclude , from its great loss of blood and treasure , that it were wiser to desist than persevere in such an hazardous attempt . These were the two schemes , one of which , in contemplating the affairs of Spain , ought to have been pursued . But his majesty 's ministers seem , from their conduct of the war in Spain , not to have decided . System they had none : on one day they gave the preference to this plan , and on the next they changed it for another . If any reliance can be placed on the communications which have been made in the various newspapers , as to the proceedings of the Board of Enquiry , it would seem that sir A. Wellesley was sent out by his majesty 's government without any specific instruction , without any direction whither he was to proceed , or with what authority in Spain to consult . Indeed he appears to have sailed with a sort of adventurous roving commission : —to do whatever he pleased ! —It is next to 44 be considered , whether the force under his command was sufficient for any really serviceable object . For I can conceive nothing less likely to serve the Spanish cause , than to send out to that country a force not competent to keep the field itself , and not able to co-operate with the force which we were told the Spaniards had in I arms . If I am wrong in the statements I have considered it my duty to make , no blame is imputable to me . I have been kept in ignorance , and therefore have a right to refer to the communications which , whether right or wrong , have appeared in the public journals . From these it appears , that sir A. Wellesley had , on his arrival at Corunna , consulted with he Junta of Gallicia , and that that body had recommended to him not to debark at St. Andero , but to proceed to Portugal and make that country a point of union ? and connection between the northern and southern provinces of Spain . That the Junta of Gallicia were very anxious to get rid of a French force , in possesion of a country on their rear , is what few could doubt ; but how a compliance with their wishes , by the commander of a British army , could have tended to the delivery of Spain , is that to account for which all men are at a loss . Because , if Spain had been relieved by the expulsion of the French force from its provinces , there was little doubt that the enemy , in possession of Lisbon , would have been compelled to submit . The smaller country was dependent on the greater for its deliverance from the invaders ; but it by no means followed , that the possession of Portugal extended a reciprocal protection to Spain . How did the facts unfold themselves You have expelled the enemy from Portugal , and since that he has entered Madrid , defeated three Spanish armies , and is at this moment in pursuit of your 's . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) We learn this night from his Majesty 's Speech , that his arms , though at first honourable , have terminated in an Armistice and Convention , of some of the articles of which his Majesty has felt himself obliged to declare his formal disapprobation . When or where this disapprobation has been declared , is to this moment a secret to me . find from others , whom I should suppose to have better information , that they never heard of this disapproval , nor ever met with any person who had . But even had we heard of this disapproval before , we are to this moment left in ignorance of what parts of these two transac- 45 tions his Majesty 's disapproval was