if the hon . gent . would point out to the house who these men were who would manage the strength of the empire with greater ability , and more to the public advantage ; if that hon . gent , and his friends , who were sitting 320 around him , were to form that new administration , still they should be obliged to his majesty 's present ministers for making such an increase of the disposable force as would give their successors in office a greater power to wield , without incurring the odium of creating it . His majesty 's ministers would be liable to a serious charge against them , if , thinking as they did of the necessity of increasing the army , they were yet to abstain for months from a measure they conceived necessary to the state , and not to bring it forward until they had the verdict of that house upon the several parts of their administration which were to be the subject of future discussion . He allowed that it was the bounden duty of ministers , when they came down to the house , to propose any measure that would increase the pressure upon the country , to point out an adequate necessity . Ministers had always two objects in view , in the measures which they proposed for augmenting the army . The first was to increase the disposable force ; and the second was , to take care that the defensive force should be so strong as that the country should not be exposed to peril and danger from the manly exertions which his majesty 's government might feel it their duty to recommend for the assistance of other nations . Whatever was the present appearance of the probabability of success to the cause of Spain , yet as the principle was agreed to on all sides of the house , it followed , that whether any or what portion of our army was to be sent to the assistance of Spain , was pure military question , which was only to be determined by the executive power . If ministers should afterwards appear to have given improper advice , or to have mismanaged the military means of the country , they were subject to a heavy responsibility ; but he could not think the gentlemen on the other side would really wish to tie up the hands of the executive , and deprive it of all means of acting as circumstances might render necessary , merely from the fear that it might be advised to act wrong , or to make an imprudent use of its strength . He could not believe that the gentlemen on the other side could suppose that they saw their way so clear in respect of the war in Spain , as to say that circumstances might not occur which would make it the bounden duty of this country to give the most powerful assistance to the Spanish Patriots . It was his firm opinion , that while the people of 321 Spain were true to themselves and to their own cause , it was not only the interest of this country , but the pledged duty of parliament , to support them . He did not mean to say , that we were now to embark in wild military speculations that had no chance of succeeding ; but it was still his opinion , that it the Spanish people continued to display that energy which they had shewn not many months ago , the struggle in that country was by no means at an end . But supposing that struggle to be now completely at an end , did not other views open to the mind of the hon . gent , and shew the necessity still of increasing our armies ? Were we to suppose that no occasion could ever after occur in which they might be wanted on foreign service , or that the exertions of mankind were for ever to be tied down by the tyranny and usurpation of one individual ? If no field of action