employ your force against her , that force should be kept as much united and concentrated as possible , so that it should be found in one compact consolidated body , not broken into fragments , nor scattered here and there , in a detached and divided state . His majesty 's ministers should at least attempt to secure success by means of an easy junction of our armies previous to their being met by the enemy . What were the consequences of the different plans of action observed 1068 by the English , and the French governments ? The gallant general has told us that he considered the presence of the British army necessary to keep up an union and co-operation of the Spanish forces ; he communicated , I presume , that opinion to his majesty 's ministers ; no one can question it ; he is an officer of too much military judgment and experience to have with-held from ministers the knowledge of that which was the most important point , perhaps , of any for the success of the reinforcements sent from this country . If he were conscious of that , he must also have known that the sooner that army arrived on the theatre of action , the more chance was there of success , and the later the more likely was it to be defeated . Yet , strange to tell , the army of Romana and Blake , together with the army of Estremadura , were defeated before the army under sir John Moore arrived at Salamanca . On the 10th of November the united army of Leon and Estremadura was defeated and dispersed at Burgos ; on the 12th Blake 's army shared the same fate at Espinosa after having been previously defeated at Reynosa ; and it was not till the 11th of November that sir John Moore 's army arrived at Salamanca . What were the views of the English army , but to produce union and co-operation amongst the Spaniards ? and was this to be effected after their armies had been defeated , so as that nothing was left when the English army advanced from Salamanca ? What did your army do ? In what situation did sir David Baird find himself , in order to effect his junction with sir John Moore ? He found nothing but a total inability to make a forward movement at the time when it was landed . I have heard that so destitute was it in some respects , when permitted to land upon the Spanish coast , that sir David Baird had not even money enough to defray the necessary expenses of the army . That in sending an expedition by sea , it may be liable to some accidents in regard to the ships that convey your ordnance and ammunition , I will admit ; but that you should send an officer with a force under his command , without even a few casks of money to purchase provisions and procure the ordinary necessaries , I scarcely could have believed possible . I have heard , however , and upon unquestionable authority , that that gallant officer had not even money enough to obtain a supply of necessary provisions , but was compelled to have recourse to obtain- 1069 ing that credit from private individuals , which government had neglected to afford him . The campaign went on therefore , as might have been expected : after the destruction of the Spanish armies , I have mentioned , it was not difficult to conceive that the defeat of the army under Castanos , called the Army of the Centre , was very soon to follow ; and accordingly , on the 23d of November , it suffered a defeat . Thus , sir , those three armies which we are to presume were ready to unite with ours , were severally overcome by the power of France ; whereas , if the army of England had been ready to effect a junction , at an earlier period of the campaign , the French army might have been defeated