regulation agreeable to the law of nations ? Yet Mr. Armstrong , the American Minister , slates at Paris that this would not be any violation of the law of nations . France obtained her municipal legislation over Hamburgh , by marching an army into that territory . She obtained a similar power over Portugal , by compelling its lawful Sovereign to abandon his country , because he would not submit to the unjust Decrees of a despot . Yet , these now , America allows to be all sacred legislations . England had not acknowledged any municipal authority of France in Spain , Portugal , or Naples . But , 1191 upon the same principle as that already acted upon by America , if France were to make an attack on Ireland , America might say she was entitled to trade with Ireland , as under the rule of Buonaparté , and to call it municipal legislation . If that case could not be justifiable with respect to us , neither could it be defended as applied to our allies . The house of Braganza had done nothing to forfeit its rights , and therefore they must be supposed still to exist.—The learned gent . proceeded to comment upon the instructions on which Mr. Pinkney acted , and shewed from their obvious import that he bad no authority to say when the non-importation Act or the embargo were to terminate . All , therefore , that he seamed to have in view was , that our Orders in Council should be rescinded , in the mean time leaving to the President of the United Slates to consider when it might be agreeable to him to discontinue the non-importation act and embargo , at the distance probably of six or eight months after our Orders in Council should have been rescinded . There was one omen , however , from which he drew consolation . He hoped the new government of America would shew more attention to the legitimate rights of other nations , and to the real and essential interests of the United States , also , than the former government had evinced . This he was induced to hope from the speech of the President to the house of representatives , in which it was more unequivocally declared than formerly , that if Great Britain would rescind her Orders in Council , the American government would rescind their Non-Importation Act and Embargo , and would continue both as to France . He hoped that this would lead to a proposition not so objectionable as the former . The rejection of the offer formerly made under such circumstances , seemed to him to be a duty which ministers owed to the country . The acceptance of it would have been parricidal . But the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) was dissatisfied with the terms in which the Answer had been conveyed . He considered it as too sarcastic and satirical , and too much resembling the speeches in that house of the right hon . Secretary for Foreign Affairs . Whether that right hon . gent . used his tongue or his pen in his defence or justification , he could well suppose that his opponents did not much like his Stile . He admitted that if the Paper alluded to was sarcastic , it was out of place ; but still 1192 he had not viewed it in that light . He was not surprised that the hon . gent . and others who acted with him , thought the paper satirical , viewing it as they did . They might think the paper conveyed a joke , but it was no joke to the commerce of this country . The hon . gent . had stated , that on its arrival in America the paper in question had given offence . He understood that there was a violent speech made against it by one of the French party ; but he had seen letters of a very contrary tendency , which even went the length of stating that this very paper had had