petitioners . It had occurred to him that the same kind of regulation which had been found so salutary in the case of the silk manufacturers , namely that of referring the regulation of the rates of workmanship to the magistrates at the quarter sessions , might have the best effects ; but the idea of a maximum or minimum in the price of labour , provision , or commodities of any kind , was totally inadmissible . If , however , the house should think fit to refer this petition to a Committee , he would most readily attend it from day to day , and give every aid in his power . said , he rose for the purpose of drawing the attention of the house to an act which in his opinion more deeply affected their privileges than any thing that had ever occurred since he had the honour of a seal in it . The act he alluded to , was the Letter written by his royal highness the Duke of York , addressed to that house , and conveyed to it through the medium of the Speaker . The Speaker had certainly done his duty , as he always did with the greatest propriety and correctness on every occasion , by informing the house of the method usually pursued in cases of letters addressed to the house being communicated through him , and the result was that the paper was ordered to lie on the table . If he ( Mr. W. ) did not then object to it , a few minutes reflection enabled him to ascertain to his own satisfaction , that the true mode of proceeding would have been to move that the debate be adjourned . It appeared to him that this Letter struck at the privileges of the house , by stating , that it had examined evidence which it ought not to have done . His royal highness was as competent to have written to the house in the first instance , that it ought not to institute and carry on any inquiry on such evidence as would be produced before it . If it was the intention of any one of those who had advised his royal highness to write this Letter , hereafter to make any motion on the subject , the house would then be enabled to form a judgment what line of conduct ought to be adopted 1054 respecting it . Till he received some answer on that head , he should content himself with repeating , that he deemed the Letter to be a gross violation of the privileges of this house . said , he did not know how , according to the rules of the house , he could take notice of what the hon . gent . had said , as he sat down without making any motion . He himself thought as highly as any one of the privileges of that house ; and it did not appear to him , that any thing in the Letter in question could be said to be an attack on , or an infringement of them . If the hon . gent . had made any motion , he should have been able to have drawn a conclusion on what he meant . All he could now collect was , that there was something contained in the Letter , which seemed to protest against the justice of the proceedings of the house upon this head , on the ground that the evidence examined before it was not under those particular sanctions which the law required in other cases . So far from this being the fact , all he understood by the letter was no more than this , that h. r. h. supposing himself to be attacked in such a manner as to make it necessary to go into an inquiry , in order that the whole should be elicited in the most open mode , and finding that the evidence was closed , intended to lay before the house an allegation of his innocence ; and if the house should ,