in another place , he could not refrain from taking notice of something that had lately occurred . It was slated , that a conspiracy existed to write down every thing that was noble or illustrious in the country . He was not quite persuaded that such a conspiracy existed , but it was impossible for him to shut his eyes to the licentious and petulant paragraphs of which the press could furnish daily examples . In one of these , a noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) was stigmatized on account of some expressions that fell from him in that house in the course of debate , as an abettor of the system of Buonaparté . He lamented that such a blessing as a free press should produce such evils ; but if the existing laws were not adequate to repress or correct them , it was high time that the legislature should interpose.—He would now make a few observations on the Campaign in Spain , as that was a principal motive for inducing him to submit his motion to their lordships . Ministers from the beginning appeared to have made up their minds as to the kind of warfare they were disposed to wage . They anticipated triumph , victory , glory . They declared in the Speech at the conclusion of the session , that in the assistance they intended to give , they would be solely guided by the wishes of the Spanish nation . After having disappointed the expectations of Sweden ; after having , by promises of assistance , induced his Swedish majesty to suspend the efforts which he would otherwise have made , they recalled the troops that had been sent to co-operate with him , and to this clay there was no explanation of any misunderstanding that produced this vacillation in their councils . Before they sent out their expedition , why was it not understood that troops were to be placed under the immediate command of the king of Sweden ? The same misconduct was visible in the naval campaign in the Baltic . We had 12 sail of the line in that sea , and yet only two of these were found , at a most critical moment , acting with the Swedish fleet . The number of frigates in that sea was very deficient ; and it was in a great measure owing to that deficiency , that the Russian fleet was able to come out and return with so little loss to their ports.—His lordship next adverted to the conduct of the Campaign in Spain . Never , said he , was there an occasion in which the people of this 381 country were so willing to second the views of ministers . The whole nation entertained but one sentiment on the subject , and that was , that the cause of Spain should succeed . The general expression was , that every exertion should be made to assist a great nation struggling for its independence . What was the conduct of ministers ? Must they not have been aware that failure would have led to the greatest exultation on the part of the ruler of France ? Instead , therefore , of driving the French out of Portugal , they should have assisted the Spaniards to drive the French out of Spain . Ministers , however , pursued a different course . With respect to the points of the Armistice and Convention , they had been so fully considered before , that he should not now allude to them : he must , however , express his disapprobation of the Answer returned to the Address from the citizens of London , as well as the institution of the Board of Inquiry . No satisfactory result could have been expected from it . He also must condemn the recommendation , or the order rather , contained in the Letter from the noble lord at the head of the war department to sir Hew Dalrymple . It would have been a more manly proceeding to have placed sir A. Wellesley at once at the head of the