his own notes he had no idea to make any other impression than that which he himself felt on the rapid promotion of capt . Maling over deserving officers , his seniors in the army . He was certain that he did never assert that that officer was promoted without , having ever served , because he well recollected that he alluded to his having been a pay-master in Ireland . observed , that the difference was material . The hon . gent . had said on a recent evening , that capt . Maling was still to be found at Mr. Greenwood 's desk . Did he mean to deny this , or , not denying it , did he mean to relinquish that part of his charge ? said , that what he intended to state was , that after the appointment of Mr. Maling to an ensigncy , he believed he was to be found at Mr. Greenwood 's desk . thought the hon . gent . was bound to establish all the statements which he had made in the opening of the business , observed , that in such a 345 grave proceeding as the present , it was peculiarly incumbent on the accuser to consider well before he preferred his accusation . If the doctrine held forth by the hon . gent. , that on a subject like the present , he had a right on one day to correct the misconceptions of another , were accepted , not a single individual in the house or the country would be safe . Every man 's reputation might be wantonly injured in the public esteem , and an impression might be made on his char cter , which could never afterwards be effaced . — Consequently he could not be an aid-de-camp . The statement of the thing was considered as sufficient ; the regiment being ordered for embarkation , the Commander in Chief would not permit it , nor could the officer , consistently with his own honour , accept it . The next that we heard of lieut . Maling , now capt . Maling , was on the augmentation of the royal African corps from four companies to six companies . In the month of last September it became necessary for the Commander in Chief to recommend to his majesty two officers to till those vacant companies . Lieut . Maling having been recommended to the notice of the Commander in Chief , from the paper now before the house , he was selected for one of those vacant companies : hut before he was so selected , I spoke to his brother , and asked him if he could answer , that if his brother , lieut . Maling , was appointed to a company in the African corps , that he would join that corps , and go with them instantly to Goree ; the brother assured me that he would answer for his doing so ; in consequence of which I submitted his name to the Commander in Chief for one of those vacant companies , to which he was accordingly appointed . After he was appointed , I sent for capt . Maling , and repeated to him , as nearly as I can recollect , the very words I repeated to his brother , He expressed himself much honoured in the appointment , much flattered with my notice ; and that he was in readiness to set off instantly to the army depot , to which place I believe he did set off Many of the African corps were at that time on board a prison-ship . When this prison-ship became too crowded to hold all the men that it was necessary to put into it , a detachment was sent to Castle Cornet , in the 347 island of Guernsey , the only place of security to which men of that description could be sent ; capt . Mating went with it : and the next that I heard of capt . Mating was this letter , two months and a half after he had been appointed