the obvious duties of the commissioners to the poor , for whom they were trustees , but it was felt in other quarters as an act of gross prejudice and of religious rancour . There was no law of Ireland for making any provision at the poor of the catholic persuasion , and surety nothing could be more cruel , oppressive , or unjust , than to defeat the humane purpose of pious and charitable persons of their own sect , who had property to bequeath , from making some provisions for the poor of their own religion , who were not chargeable upon any other sect . This was felt in Waterford especially , and tended in a very prominent degree to excite clamour and discontent ; and he therefore wished to appeal to the Committee , whether it was decent for such a Commission to apply to this house for compensation for law expenditures incurred in such a way . disclaimed all knowledge of the circumstances until that moment ; but thought the circumstance of any bill in Chancery which the commissioners might have thought fit to file , and had yet come to no issue , was not a reason for refusing at this time the usual Grant . Besides , the right hon . baronet could surely entertain no doubt that the case , if before the present Lord Chancellor of Ireland , would meet due notice , and that strict justice would be done . replied , by professing the highest respect and veneration for the truly upright character who now filled the Chancery bench of Ireland , with so much honour to himself and advantage and satisfaction to the country where he presided . It was not upon any doubt of his strict justice that his own apprehensions were founded or his objections offered , but in the perverse conduct of the Commissioners of Bequests , in endeavouring , by a strict research into obsolete acts of parliament , to fish out flaws in the legality of a will bequeathing charity to an 978 unprotected class of the poor in Ireland , of whom those Commissioners were appointed the legal guardians and protectors , in order to transfer the benefits of the legacy to a perpetual absentee resident in Spain . It was not their duty , but much beside it , to fish out flaws in the will , even if any existed , to defeat the charitable ends of their own institution , and the humane intention of the benevolent testatrix towards the poor in Ireland , and wantonly to promote litigation and excite new discontents , already too prevalent . However disposed the Chancellor of Ireland might be to consider and act on the equitable and benevolent side of the case , he could not avoid taking notice of legal flaws , if they were officiously pointed out to him . It was not , therefore , the proposed Grant , but the conduct of those Commissioners , that he wished to reprobate ; for it made no difference whether such proceedings were taken by their direction , or by their permission to any legal person in their employment , merely to increase his own professional emoluments in the way of litigation , and which must be deducted from the sum of the legacy , and thus directed from the object of the charity . here addressed the Chairman , and said , he had just received an intimation that Mrs. C. was arrived , for the purpose of attending the Committee , and as she had been greatly indisposed he hoped the Committee would have no objection to examine her immediately , that she might be detained as short a time as possible . said that , as a witness was under examination , it would be irregular to do it ; but in consideration of Mrs. C 's indisposition , he should not make any objection to it . thought there was great irregularity in it , and that the examination of the witness who had just left the bar should be proceeded with . replied , that he