honest man Don Thomas Morla , who had distinguished himself by his patriotism in the early period of the Spanish struggle . Sir John Moore might have questioned the courage of the inhabitants of a luxurious capital ; but informed as he had been of their determined resolution , and by his majesty 's accredited minister to the Spanish government , he might have expected Madrid to follow the example of Saragossa , and its inhabitants to emulate the intrepidity of the compatriots of the gallant Palafox . It was not his intention to blame sir John Moore for the course he had pursued : on the contrary , he should have thought him blame-able , if he had not adopted it ; and he should not think well of the heart of any gallant soldier , who , upon such assurances of the determined resistance of Madrid , would have declined availing himself of the favourable opportunity it afforded for making a bold and enterprising effort against the common enemy . Here then the agency of Mr. Frere ended ; and he must be allowed to add , that nothing had been done by that gentleman , but what was calculated to raise the character of this country in Spain , and to conciliate the attachment of that country to Great Britain . But the chief reason for sir John Moore 's advance was not founded on any external agency . It arose out of information received through an intercepted letter from Berthier to Soult , directing that general to be at a particular place on a par- 1100 ticular day , and promising reinforcements ; which letter led him to hope that by advancing he should be able to cut off that general 's corps . At that time he had been joined by general Hope , and expected shortly to be joined by sir David Baird , and in consequence sir John Moore advanced to Sabagun . In this movement he , acted as a statesman no less than as a soldier ; because , even though he might fail , he must have gained an advantage for the south of Spain , whose exertions had never been relaxed , by drawing off the French army from Madrid , and the prosecution of operations against the capital and the southern provinces . The right hon . gent . had complained that no force had been sent to support the army at Corunna , and that troops , which had been on board transport , had been re-landed . The fact was true , but the right hon . gent . 's inference , as to the re-landing these troops , was unfounded . They had been re-landed in consequence of a distinct requisition from sir David Baird , that he wanted a certain number of transports , and the transports from which these troops had been disembarked , were sent out pursuant to that requisition . It was an afflicting circumstance that it should have been necessary to re-land these troops , and to send out empty , for the purpose of bringing off the British army , those transports which had been filled for the purpose of reinforcement and assault . Would the right hon . gent . say that , at this distance from the scene , his majesty 's ministers should have refused to send out these transports ? He could assure that right hon . gent . that the sending the transports empty from this country , had cost his majesty 's ministers a severe pang . Amongst all the decisions to which he had been a party , in the course of his life , no one had ever occurred which gave him more pain than this : every dictate of the head was tortured , every feeling of the heart wrung by it ; but his majesty 's ministers had no choice ; they were compelled to submit to the hard necessity . He felt that it would excite dissatisfaction in England , and excite dismay in Spain ; yet painful as it was to re-land the troops and send out