to him on the northern coast of Spain , and to furnish him with instructions , and with such intelligence as he might deem important ; and it is stated that sir A. Wellesley is instructed to pay obedience to him , as to the application of the force under his command . No instructions to that effect to sir A. Wellesley accompanied this communication . The letter to gen. Spencer informed him that sir Arthur , who was to go to the north of Spain , was to co-operate with him ( gen. Spencer ) off Cadiz ; so that the machinery by which this expedition was to be worked , was , that admiral Purvis , who was off Cadiz , was to send requisites to sir A. Wellesley , who was in the north of Spain , which were to induce , sir A. Wellesley to send orders to gen. Spencer to the southern coast of Spain where he was . These let- 904 ters were accompanied by a third to sir Hew Dalrymple , whom we shall presently see making a more conspicuous figure in the history of this expedition . We shall find gen. Dalrymple , who was kept behind the scenes , and who was not thought fit to fill the office allotted to admiral Purvis , now brought forward.—All these letters were dated upon the 28th of June , and all were without any corresponding instructions to sir A. Wellesley to comply with the requisitions he might receive in consequence . The 28th passes , and on the 30th the whole of this plan for probable action in the north or south of Spain , and for co-operation in either according to circumstances , is over-turned by one single suggestion of the Spanish Deputies in London.—We now come to the Instructions of the 30th of June , when the whole of the plan was altered . On the 30th of June the noble lord writes to sir A. Wellesley , that , in consequence of an opinion given by the Deputies of the northern provinces , it was deemed advisable to direct the efforts of the British Army to the expulsion of the enemy from Portugal . I can not but think it a most extraordinary thing that these provincial Juntas , who could not concert measures for the defence of their own country , should know how to advise the means by which a British Army was to co-operate with them . However , so it is.—The Deputies of one of these Provincial Juntas are employed to advise his majesty as to the best way of employing his troops elsewhere . I then knew as little as this house did , of his majesty or his majesty 's ministers listening to the suggestion of the Juntas , who , I believe , were more actuated by the desire of not seeing the expedition come among themselves than any thing else , and who , seeing his majesty 's ministers determined on having an expedition , thought that the best way would be to suggest some destination that would take it away from their country . On the 30th of June , in opposition to all the previous designs , the only direction is , as the words of the Juntas were , `` to expel the French from Portugal , '' words with respect to which general Dalrymple says , if they were selected for being equivocal , they would not have been more so . Yet you will find much of counteracting the designs of the enemy , much of assisting our allies ; but of precise instruction , nothing that does not come under the words , `` to expel the `` French from Portugal . '' On the morn- 905 ing of the 30th , these Instructions were sent ; on the night of the 30th there came something more—new Instructions were furnished in consequence of fresh dispatches from sir C. Cotton , that there were only 4,000 men left to defend , the forts of the Tagus . Upon this information so received , not a moment of