axioms of political truth which , if they had been acted upon by that side of the house sixteen years ago , would have prevented the destruction of the balance of power , preserved the Bourbon family , and have sustained the greatness and prosperity of this country , now , from the operation of contrary principles , reduced , he feared , in some respects to a sinking state . He was ready to admit that , after the answer of the French government , negotiation was out of the question ; but the fault he had to find with the right hon . secretary was , that he had provoked that answer by his ill-placed taunts , and by a wanton and unjustifiable arrogance , in replying to a fair overture . It was an error too prevalent , and frequently fatal , with individuals in office , to assume , in their communications with a hostile power , every virtue to themselves , and to charge their opponents with every vice . But to hear such observations from the right hon . gent , opposite , he who , last year , scouted in that house those principles of morality and justice which it was once the pride and character of civilized nations to revere and perpetuate ; to hear him who committed an act which exceeded the most atrocious occurrences in our history ( the attack on Copenhagen ) , complain against France , that its usurpation of Spain was unparalleled , was , to say the least of it , not very consistent . Who could suppose last year , that he would have so speedily abjured his new morality , and have that night expressed his indignation at the unprincipled invasion of an independent neutral state , and the imprisonment of a friendly sovereign ? The aggressions of human governments were not , unfortunately , either new or infrequent . Great Britain was not to suppose that Providence , in its wise dispensations , had confined justice within geographical limits . It was somewhat extraordinary , therefore , that the right hon . gent , should have presumed to call the conduct of Buonaparté towards Spain an `` usurpation , which had no parallel in the history of the world . '' It really carried an air of ridicule along with it , to Buonaparté , not less , however , than did another assertion carry of insult to the Emperor of Russia . What must he have thought when the denunciations were perused by him against the violator of the Spanish throne ; lie , who must have re- 223 membered well how Catherine , called the Great , and Frederick , called the Great , and the Emperor of Austria , dismembered Poland , and dethroned the king ? Why should we talk of atrocity ? Why should we blasphemously call on our God ; we , the ravagers of India , we , who in the very last session , voted the solemn thanks of the house to the despoilers of that unhappy , persecuted country . Oh ! `` When we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us '' . Why did he dwell upon these points ? He did so to impress upon the country and the house moderation and justice ; to guard them against the infatuation of conceiving themselves superior to the accidents of adversity , and released from the influence of reciprocal duties . He begged of those infatuated with ideas of our own importance , to look how much we had gunk in the scale of nations from the rank we once held ; not that he advised truckling to the enemy , but that we should pursue the same system of honour in the North and in the East we recommended to others , and not brand Buonapartéwith unparalleled atrocities , as if we had forgot all history , and even that which had passed in our own days ; as if we had forgot the atrocities which had been perpetrated by Spain