that day , and that the Report on the Inquiry into the Conduct of the D. of Y. , should be taken into consideration on Wednesday the 8th of March . wished to know , if , when the Report was brought up on Wednesday se'nnight , the right hon . gent . intended to come forward with any specific proceedings on it . said , he did not conceive he had any thing to do with the business , in the way the right hon . gent . had mentioned . He conceived it to be in the hands of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) who brought forward the accusation , and he did not think it would be proper for him to interfere in it , as he naturally supposed the hon . gent. , whom he did not then see in his place , would bring forward some proceeding or other on it . said , he did not rise to object to any thing which had been said by the last speaker , but thought he had reason to complain of the right hon . gent . below him ( Mr. Tierney , ) as his question seemed to insinuate that his hon . friend had abandoned the business , and wished the right hon . gent . opposite to him to take it up . His hon . friend had , however , expressed his readiness to go on with the matter even on the day that had been first appointed , though he ( lord F. ) thought it too early a one . The right hon . gent . might , therefore , rest satisfied that on Wednesday se'nnight the matter would be taken up by his hon . friend , who had left the house , not supposing any thing would be said on the subject that night . disclaimed any intention of even a wish to take the business out of the hands of the hon . gent . who brought forward the accusation , and had only asked the question to satisfy himself , whether on that night any proceeding was to take place on bringing up the report . then said , it would be recollected by the house , that the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Wardle ) when he brought forward his Charges , had mentioned an Office in the City kept for the Sale of Places under Government , in which the names of the Lord Chancellor and the Duke of Portland had been used . He had then said he would be glad to give every assistance to the hon . gent. , in order to discover if any such unjust practices were really in existence . Since that time , a gentleman had observed an advertisement for the sale of a place under government , 1057 and had applied accordingly to the office of Coleman and Taylor , who informed him they had a place under government to dispose of . He informed the Chancellor of the Exchequer of it , who sent for the Solicitor to the Treasury , and desired him to go with the gentleman , and make an advance of any sum that might he required , to endeavour to find out if any such practices did exist , so as to fix them with a prosecution . They had accordingly proceeded , and a sum had been agreed on , which was deposited , and by the advice of the Attorney and Solicitor General , Coleman and Taylor , and a Mrs. Harvey , were indicted ; there was also a banker . thought the right hon . gent . should mention the banker 's name . said , he did not exactly recollect it , and might therefore , by giving a wrong name , do more harm than good . rose , and spoke to the following effect : —I rise , Mr. Speaker , pursuant to notice , for the purpose of moving an inquiry upon a subject , as important to the honour , the fame , and the