December ; all which were common things , and the noble lord might have learnt them from Moore 's Almanack . But the noble lord said , `` who could resist such engines of destruction '' ( he believed that was the precise expression ) as the French carried with them . '' Why , the engines of destruction were horse , foot , and artillery , not uncommon engines of destruction in war ( hear ! hear ! ) ; and the noble lord might have foreseen that the French would possess them , and the failures in fact must be attributed to ministers , unless they could 1091 prove that a mutiny had broke out in the army , or an extraordinary mortality . But nothing of this kind was alleged , and therefore there existed the strongest reasons for an inquiry . The noble lord had very cautiously adverted to the statement of his noble relation ( general Stewart ) , as to the number of troops lost in these expeditions , and seemed very doubtful whether he could venture to declare his belief of its correctness . He ( Mr. Tierney ) had conversed with several officers who were present in these expeditions , and understood from them that the loss was at least from 8 to 10,000 men , instead of the 5,000 mentioned by , the hon . general . The noble lord had said that the enemy had taken none of our artillery . What had become of the nine-pounders of the 2nd brigade ? Their guns had been left behind , as he understood , and he strongly suspected that the noble lord would find that he had been mistaken in his statement . But whether our loss was more or less , could any man doubt as to the situation of affairs when the first dispatch from sir John Moore , of the 2Slh of Dec. appeared in the Gazette , containing the words , `` I find I have no time to lose in securing my retreat . '' From that day , till the arrival of the army at Corunna , was a scene of woe such as had scarcely ever been heard of . Think of blowing up the ammunition ; destroying 3 or 400 waggons ; staving the casks with the dollars ; leaving the artillery to be cast away ; and the Shrapnell shells to the French , who would thus be enabled to discover their composition.—He requested it might be understood , that he meant not to ascribe these disasters , in the smallest degree , to sir John Moore ; but it was obvious , that if ministers had sent the force which had been partly embarked to his assistance , the calamities might in a great measure have been prevented . The ministers he conceived to be extremely culpable in this respect , although he allowed that this depended very much upon the time at which the noble lord had the first intelligence of sir John Moore 's retreat . But when he first heard that it was the intention of sir John Moore to advance , the noble lord ought to have sent a reinforcement , which would have been useful whatever turn affairs might take . The noble lord had said that the gentlemen on his side of the house had abandoned Spain . He affirmed , however , that not they , but the ministers had abandoned Spain . There were , however , 1092 it appeared , great hopes of what might be done in Portugal ; and general Beresford , with several other officers , were to be sent to organize the people of that country , lint why were they not organized before , when it would have been of use to do so ? But now , when we were about to abandon the country , we began to encourage the Portuguese to take arms in their own cause . `` Now , my lads , ( we said ) is your time to defend yourselves against the villainous French , since you see that we