him to point out to the . attention of the house the general circumstances of Europe , and the particular situation of Great Britain , which rendered it a paramount duty to provide a solid and efficient military establishment . It was evident that events might possibly occur which would make it absolutely necessary for the country to have a considerable military force at its disposal ; and it was desirable that there should be a solid foundation of military strength at home , in order that the best interests of the country might not be sacrificed or endangered , while we were discharging the duty we owe to other nations , of succouring them as far as it shall be in our power . This principle would , he was sure , be admitted on both . sides of the house , and the only difference of opinion that he apprehended was , with respect to the best and most effectual means of procuring the increase that was necessary in our army . As he trusted the house would grant him leave to bring in his Bill , he should have opportunities hereafter to cuter more fully into a defence of the measure which he intended to propose . He did not wish , on the present occasion , to go into any general arguments , but merely to put the house in possession of the general outline of the plan he wished to submit to the consideration of parliament . He was enabled in submitting the measure he had now to propose , to relieve parliament from an anxiety they must naturally feel as to the success of every attempt of this kind , by showing them that they were proceeding not upon his judgment or opinions , nor upon the impressions of his majesty 's ministers , but upon the result of experience , which had recently proved that the . principle , upon which it was founded , was the most effectual , and by far the most expeditious means of supplying a deficiency in the regular military force of the country . In 1807 the plan was adopted of allowing a certain number of men to volunteer from the Militia , into 160 the regular Army , and it was attended with the most beneficial consequences . It was now perfectly ascertained , that there was no mode in which the disposable force of the country could so rapidly and easily be increased , as by availing ourselves of the zeal which the Militia uniformly displayed on every occasion , when the exigencies of the country rendered an appeal to them necessary . No measure had ever turned out so completely beneficial as that introduced in the year 1807 , by which it proposed to increase the Army by encouraging transfers from the Militia , to the extent of 28,000 men . The addition which this , measure actually produced was upwards of 27,000 men within twelve months . Many of these had since fought at the glorious Battles of Vimiera and Corunna , and had been honoured with the thanks of their country for their services . He was convinced that a considerable portion of the existing militia panted for an opportunity of extending their services . As there was little doubt , therefore , of the efficiency of the measure which he meant to propose , so also he hoped that as little could be entertained of its policy . It would give the country in the least possible time the largest possible disposable force . It would throw the temporary weakness on the defensive army rather than on the disposable . The reverse would be the case were the Army of Reserve to he renewed , He allowed that the levy of Militia , in order to supply the place of 28,000 , who , by the Bill of 1807 , were permitted to volunteer into the line , pressed heavy on the country , but it showed what the country was capable of doing when called on for exertion . Parliament had demanded 45,000 militia men from Great Britain and Ireland