from any individual , and , if not , a fortiori , not from the Chancellor of the Exchequer . But he would put it to that right hon . gent , whether he would not think a nomination of a Committee , coming from the hon . member who first opposed this list , as an independent country gentleman , infinitely better than one from any Chancellor of the Exchequer , be he who he might . The hon . member who first opposed this list , had acknowledged his own suggestion for a reduction of the number of the Committee ; but it was obvious to himself that great partiality might be used in the omission of particular names , and the retention of others that were highly objectionable ; though he would admit , that some names were left out as objectionable as any that were retained . Upon one name in this list particularly he had objected upon what he conceived to be good grounds . A question had been put upon that name , and his objection was over-ruled ; and he certainly should feel it his duty to repeat his objection against it now , and put it again to a question . The public had certainly a right to expect , from the original appointment of the Finance Committee , that much public good would be derived ; and , undoubtedly , if the Reports that had already been made had been acted upon , hundreds and thousands , nay , millions of money , might have been saved to the country . Of what effect was it for the Committee to deliberate and report , if their recommendations were to remain a dead letter ? Was it expected that they would live centuries ? —and centuries they must live to produce any effect , if it was considered that in the whole of the last long session , they were enabled to produce but one Report . The hon . gent , who first opposed this list had shewn the greatest zeal and ability in his endeavours to render the labours of the Committee efficient for the purposes of their appointment ; no man was a more competent judge than himself of the men most likely to co-operate with him for purposes so desirable . He therefore thought the house had a right to call upon the hon . gent , for a list of fifteen names of such men as he would wish to act with , and in the name of the country he called upon him to produce such a list . But a list from the Chancellor of the Exchequer was a mere farce , and as such it would be considered by the people . said , that after what had fallen from several gentlemen who had spoken on the subject then before the house , he deemed it necessary , that he , situated as he had been , and particularly objected to on the appointment of the Committee , should request the house to indulge him with their attention till he offered a few observations , lie had endeavoured to discharge the trust which the house had done him the honour to confide to him , with every possible degree of assiduity in his attendance , and the most anxious desire to contribute all in his power to effect those important objects which it appeared to him the house had in view , in appointing the Committee of which he had been a member , and which was now intended to be revived . Various important matters had been brought under the consideration of the Committee , upon which various differences of opinion prevailed ; in consequence of which , discussions took place , which ended without effecting any change in the opinions of either of the parties each side having used every means in their power to carry the point respectively insisted upon . It had been stated , therefore , that there were many delays during the time that the Committee was in the exercise of its funcions . He allowed this to