. gentlemen opposite deluded the house and the country . Equally futile and inefficien 1167 was the hope of an unlimited supply of law materials for our manufacture . From America , previous to these Orders , Great Britain imported of cotton wool 32 millions of pounds . Since that part of the world was closed against our commerce , what has been our supply of that article ? Why , sir , from Asia , and the Portuguese settlements in South America , we imported five millions . Thus the illustration which this system affords of the total command of the raw material , for our manufactures , is by furnishing us with a deficiency of 27 millions of pounds , in an article essential to their prosperity . But then it is affirmed , that all such effects are attributable to the Berlin Decree . Really , it is inconsistent with every principle of common reasoning , to find men laying such a stress upon a measure which never had , and scarce ever could have , operation.—The Berlin Decree , Sir , was , in this respect , but a mere Castle of Otranto spectre , an idle unsubstantial phantom conjured up to affright by its imaginary terrors , and scare au administration out of their senses . The fact is , that notwithstanding the Berlin Decree the commerce of this country continued more flourishing than ever , until your own Orders in Council accomplished what the enemy had not the means to effect.—I come now to the prediction , that in consequence of your Orders preventing the continent from being supplied with colonial produce , we should see all the various people under the dominion of Napoleon throughout his vast empire , in a state of insurrection : That he would be totally unable to force his numerous armies to march where he ordered them , for the want of coffee or tea for breakfast— ( a laugh ) ! Have the people of Europe risen in rebellion ? Have his armies refused to march ? Has not Spain , though protected by those all-powerful Orders , which raised so many impediments to French aggrandizement , been invaded by the armies of Buonaparté ? Has he suspended his operations in Spain ? Has he rescinded his Decrees ? and has he not been able fully to supply , by chemical processes , which surprise us , the wants of the numerous legions which were marched from such different parts of Europe ? Yes , unfortunately we have witnessed such occurrences , notwithstanding the other expedient of that pious , humane , and philanthropic gentleman opposite , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whose Bill against the exportation of Bark to any part of the 1168 continent , was , in his opinion , like the destructive Upas , to go forth to spread its poison , and annihilate the armies of France . Another prediction of the right hon . gentlemen , that the American people would not submit to the embargo , has proved equally false with all the rest . The embargo continues , and the spirit of the population of the United Slates is greatly exasperated against this country . Thus have these right hon . gentlemen placed themselves in a situation of shame , and , by the groundlessness of their most confident predictions , exhibited themselves to their country and to the world in the odious and despicable character of false prophets . Let us hope therefore that they will not persevere in their blindness , that this good consequence at least will result from their failure , that they will no longer set themselves up as oracles of wisdom or the arbiters of Europe , nor continue to pursue the same road in which they have so fatally floundered , and been so completely swamped , be-mired and be-grimed , but pay some little attention to the predictions from this side of the house . We predicted that the subjects of France would not rise in insurrection in consequence of being deprived of all supply of colonial produce ; —and