the country had surely a right to call for some information upon what ground an enterprise like this had been undertaken ; an enterprise as distressing , if not as disgraceful , as this country was ever Engaged in . He was at a loss to know what prevented our armies from pursuing their object . Three months ago papers had been moved for of the Instructions given to our generals ; but no such papers had appeared . He therefore contended that we had a right to be informed with what view our 1117 army had been sent there , and upon what information this measure was undertaken . in explanation , said that the reason why the papers moved for , and alluded to by the right hon . gent . were not produced , was owing to their being extremely voluminous . said it was universally admitted , that this army was the finest ever sent from this country , and whether they had failed in their object through the misguidance of their generals , or the mismanagement of ministers , alike demanded that the people of this country should have the best information upon the subject . He should therefore vole for the original motion . rose to put a question to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , which he hoped the house would not find him disinclined to answer ; he understood him to say , when adverting to the decision taken by sir John Moore , to advance from Salamanca towards Saldanha , in search of marshal Souk 's corps , that he had resolved on this forward movement , having received a letter from Mr. Frere , the British minister , informing him of the enthusiasm which had burst forth at Madrid ; it was known that the gallant officer had , previous to the receipt of this information , ordered a retreat . Should it appear that this after determination to advance had been the result of his own reflections , he would be the last man in the house , or in the country , to dispute the wisdom of this decision , from a conviction that it had been formed on the soundest political and military considerations ; but it occurred to him as very possible , that this letter of the British minister did not contain simply a communication of the fact , the popular indignation of the moment on the part of the inhabitants of Madrid against the French , and their resolution to defend their capital , but that it might have been written in the spirit of violent remonstrance against the general 's known determination to retreat , Cautioning him in the strongest language as to the probable disastrous result to the allies from this resolution , and reminding him that the army he commanded had been sent to assist Spain , to which nation and his own , he would be held responsible , did he decline advancing ; Mr. Hutchinson knew well that Mr. Frere or any other man would not have dared to have written to sir John Moore an insulting letter ; but should this in question turn out 1118 to be of the nature he alluded to , the house and the public would perceive how little the gallant general had been left in this instance to his own free agency . What he therefore wished to know , especially from the Secretary of State , was , Whether Mr. Frere 's letter was of this dictatorial nature , or one solely mentioning the circumstance of the enthusiastic spirit of the people of Madrid ; and secondly , Whether gen. Moore had not reluctantly determined on moving forward in consequence of this letter . He was confident that the house , to whom every thing connected with the character and fame of the gallant general was justly most dear , would be anxious to receive the answers to these questions , and he hoped that the right hon . gent . would place on the table of the house a copy of Mr. Frere 's letter