The noble lord then proceeded to move , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that his majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that these different returns be laid before the house . '' had no objection to the motions of the noble lord . He only wished him to bear in mind , that accurate returns , such as the noble lord has called for , could not be immediately forthcoming . It must be some time before the different regimental returns could be regularly made ; and he only rose to state , that whatever delay might occur , should not be imputed to any unwillingness fully to meet the object of the noble lord 's motion . rose , not for the purpose of bringing forward the motion of which he had given notice for this day , but to express a wish that he might be permitted to withdraw it for the present . He had received information from different quarters , which he feared was but too correct , that the French had re-entered and re-occupied Portugal . It was for his majesty 's ministers to say whether such was the case or not , for they no doubt must have received advices of such an event . It was of the utmost importance in his mind that Portugal should be restored to its legitimate government , for should the enemy get permanent possession of the posts of Portugal , and of the fortresses of that country , it would be 325 no easy matter to calculate the dangers that must arise from such possession , both lo the interests of Spain , and to the security of these kingdoms . He should not now press the discussion of these points , but wait till the real state of Portugal should be accurately ascertained . rose , not to detain the house for any time on the topics alluded lo , by the noble lord ; that indeed would be irregular , as there was no motion before the house ; but merely to state in answer to the noble lord 's question , that his majesty 's ministers had received no account of the French having re-entered and re-occupied Portugal . He was as deeply impressed as the noble earl could be , with the importance of Portugal , in the hands of an ally to this country , and with the dangers that might arise from its falling into the hands of an hostile power . He should only say , that on all occasions , he should be ready to furnish any information in his power on that interesting subject , as were his majesty 's government , to enter into the fullest discussion and investigation of every point , connected with matters of such importance . moved that 130,000 seamen should be employed for the year 1809 , including 31,400 royal marines , which were voted accordingly . The hon . gent . then stated , that the Estimates for this number of seamen and marines were precisely the same in amount with the estimates of the last year , though it had been thought desirable to make some alterations in the comparative amount of some of the branches . The allowance for wear and tear was last year taken at three pound per man , whilst the provision for victuals was estimated at 1l . 19s . only per man per month . The latter estimate had been found to fall greatly short of the actual expenditure , whilst the wear and tear fell considerably below the actual estimate . The committee would therefore be aware of the propriety of endeavouring to reduce , both to an amount that should be nearest the truth , and this he proposed to accomplish by taking a guinea from the allowance for wear and tear , and adding to the allowance for victuals . The following sums were then moved by Mr. Ward , and voted by the committee : For wages for 130,000 seamen and marines for thirteen months , at 1l . 17s .