hands of the hon . gent . who originally brought it forward , the propriety of his reproach amounted to this , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had proposed a motion calculated most effectually to promote the object which the original mover professed to have solely in his view . Indeed , the hon . mover himself did not feel as if the proposition of his right hon . friend was any unjustifiable attempt at interference , nor did he evince any hostility to submit his charges to the house of commons in its most extended capacity . That hon . gent . had declared to the house , that in calling its attention to this very important subject , he was solely actuated by sense of public duty ; that he ? was free from any hostile feeling to the elevated personage , whose character his charges went so vitally to affect . For the impulse of public spirit and disinterested patriotism , he ( Mr. C. ) was willing to give him credit , and surely that hon . gent . could not be dissatisfied with those who placed him upon the most commanding stage , to reap the benefit of his patriotic labours.— ( Hear ! hear ! ) He surely must be aware , that having undertaken the responsible task of submitting to a British House of Commons such a serious accusation , that whatever might be the issue of its deliberation ; in whatever view the house shall consider the transactions which he has disclosed , whether they be refuted or substantiated , infamy must attach some where—either upon the accused or the accuser.— ( Hear ! hear ! ) —From the system which had been deliberately pursued for some time past , by the enemies of his royal highness , he had to congratulate that illustrious personage , and at the same time to thank the hon . mover , for the opportunity of canvassing the subject upon charges preferred in a tangible shape . Whatever result might ensue from such accusations , it was not to be denied , that that royal personage had been subjected to the systematic calumnies of a set of unprincipled libellers ; that in their vile and malignant publications he had been treated with a brutality of insult which almost made good men hesitate in deciding , whether the value of a free discussion was not considerably depreciated by the evils of its unbridled licentiousness . For the last six months scarcely a day had elapsed 200 without some fresh attack upon his honour , his character , and his feelings . There was a cowardliness , a baseness , a wretchedness , in the villainous libels against his royal highness , which far exceeded the calumnious profligacy of other times . A cowardice too of the basest kind , participating of the most depraved and odious qualities , deserving of that execration which the best feelings of humanity would pronounce on the base assailant of female weakness , because to direct unfounded attacks against those in high authority , was nearly similar to an attack on an undefended woman . It was therefore , as sincerely interested in the honour and reputation of his royal highness , that he rejoiced to find that this question had taken a distinct shape , and that in the due and proper place , the period for inculpation , and he was sure of exculpation , had arrived . It was for parliament to give the subject the fullest inquiry , but he trusted that the hon . mover would in the first instance , without any subsequent restriction , direct his proofs to the specific objects on which his charges of that night were founded . concurred heartily in the recommendation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the conclusive arguments of the right hon . secretary , for the most public inquiry . Whatever inconvenience might be the consequence , would be more than counterbalanced by the solemnity of the process ; and the advantages of publicity . It was due to the elevated rank of the