in . Mr. Wardle not making any answer—Mr . Croker proceeded to say , it was his determination she should be examined that night , and he would insist that the committee should not rise until she was called in.— ( A cry of Order ! Order ! ) called the attention of gentlemen to the exhausted state of the hon . member who brought forward the motion , the state of the house , and the lateness of the hour , and proposed an adjournment— ( A cry of `` Go on ! Go on ! '' ) observed , that many members appeared to be impressed with the belief that the purposes of justice required that Mrs. C. should be examined to-night , and in that sentiment he was much inclined to concur . As justice was the object of all , he hoped that Mrs. C. would be called in and examined . Without her evidence , the whole that had been said was nothing , as the D. of Y. had not been implicated . said that the right hon . gent . need not have so strongly urged upon him a regard to justice . If the Committee thought that justice required it , he was ready to proceed . was then ordered to be called . ( the Chairman ) stated that Mrs. C. was so exhausted , that , she begged to he indulged with a chair . [ A chair was accordingly ordered . ] He then said , that he found from the Serjeant at Arms , that he had mis-stated the message , which was a request from Mrs. C. that she might not be examined to-night . Mrs. C. , however , was called in , and 436 addressed the Committee as follows ; ' I feel myself so very unwell , and so very much fatigued , that it is impossible for me to be examined this evening ; I have been waiting here eight hours , and I am quite exhausted with the fatigue ; my feelings have been very much harrassed dining the time . ' told her , that the Committee , in consideration of her fatigue , had ordered a chair for her . Mrs. Clarke—The chair will not take the fatigue off my mind . The witness was then directed to withdraw . said , that unless the witness was examined that evening , she would have such opportunities to communicate with the other witnesses , that he thought , if it were in the power of the house , she ought to be committed to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms , with orders to deny her access to any person whatever . It was of the greatest consequence that either the one or the other of these plans should be adopted ; and he thought the witness should be called in , and have the option given her . doubted whether such an order as that proposed could be given till the house was resumed , and therefore till then the Chairman could not make the communication.—Mr . Rose agreed with the last gentleman ; but Mr. Yorke thought there might be precedents of the Committee 's making such an order . said that there were certainly no such precedents in modern times , and the house ought to pause before they came to a decision upon a point , in which the liberty of the subject was so materially concerned . thought , that if the witness were examined in an ill state of health , she might afterwards say that her answers were not such as her more fresh and vigorous mind might have suggested . He deprecated the idea of locking her up in solitude here in a strange place , and because she was excused from examination . He did not see why all the other witnesses should not be confined in the same way ; and thought that to single her out might look like the effect of party . The Committee would recollect , too , that to-morrow was the Fast-day , and that