inference , that the American minister professed his willingness to acquiesce in the principle , nay to afford the means to France , of annoying England , provided only she would give the Americans relief from their own grievance . Nothing could be more disingenuous than this interpretation ; and the noble earl had further insinuated , that an amicable termination of the differences could not be looked for while a party hostile to this country held the government in America—an insinuation which was certainly not calculated to conciliate . He concluded with an animated appeal to the house to interfere between the passions of the king 's ministers and the distresses of the county . explained , and stated , that he only said , that if the same disposition to friendship prevailed in America now as when Washington and Adams were in office , the same difficulties would not be felt . rose pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill to render the Embezzlement of Public Money , by any collector , agent , or other person entrusted to receive the same , felony without benefit of clergy . Not anticipating any objection to the Bill , he felt it unnecessary to trouble the house at any length now . He found , so long since as the 29th of his late majesty , a Bill had passed , to render it felony without benefit of clergy , for any person employed in the collection of public monies in Ireland , to embezzle any sum above 50l . That Bill , however , had become obsolete , and was not sufficient to answer the objects of this Bill , which was to carry the law further , and to reach the principal as well as the deputy officers entrusted with the receipt of the public money . He therefore moved for leave to bring in the Bill . suggested to the right hon . baronet , that the regular course of proceeding in such cases , was to move for leave to bring in a Bill for the better 805 prevention of frauds and embezzlements in such cases , and leave it for the Committee on the Bill to insert the punishment to be inflicted on offenders . amended his motion . wished to apprize the right hon . baronet that he had a Bill in contemplation , which he intended shortly to introduce , and which , besides embracing all the objects of the Bill now proposed , would extort much further . He therefore wished the right hon . baronet to postpone the introduction of his Bill until the other should come before the house : if , however , he wished to persevere , there would be no negative to his motion . said , it would be time enough to withdraw his Bill , when he should find that his objects were answered by the Bill now announced . It had been already provided by a regulation , that no greater sum should remain in the hands of any collector than 300l. , notwithstanding which , it was found that there had been left in the charge of one officer upwards of 30,000l . ; and recently , the collector of Cork , Mr. O'Connor , had embezzled 23,000l . admited that the collector of Cork had embezzled this sum ; but it was the collection of only one week ; and he eloped at the moment that a commissioner was sent down to enquire the reason of his delaying his payments.— Leave was given to bring in the Bill . rose and said , that as he seldom troubled the house , he hoped for their indulgence while he stated a circumstance which regarded their Privileges . If he had asserted any thing in that house respecting any member which he knew to be founded , he should be one of the last to retract his words ; and if , on the other hand , any words were imputed to him , which were hurtful to the feelings of any member , and which he had