produce more men ; for it never could be said that it was likely to improve the discipline of the army . He was so far from rejecting the system altogether , that he by no means wished to exclude men from entering for limited service , being convinced that there were many men who would prefer this mode of enlistment ; but as he was equally convinced that there were many others who would prefer the enlisting for unlimited 323 service , he thought it but fair that they should be allowed their option . He wished to carry along with the more perishable materials of an army , as much as he could get of permanent . The fact about the number of recruits was , that , whatever was the system , the country regularly produced about 1,200 men a month . How the number came to be so exact , he could not say . Recruiting Serjeants might often put grave legislators to the blush , and there was a certain recruiting law which that house did not understand , and which perhaps got the men better than acts of parliament . Even in the halcyon days of high bounty , and no ballot , it was not found that the number of recruits exceeded the regular number by 100 men , nor under any other system did they fall short to that amount.—It had been mentioned , that large armies were dangerous to civil liberty . Gracious God ! could any rational man now suppose , that the liberties of this country were in any danger from any regular army that it was judged proper to raise , balanced as that army must be by an immense force of Militia , Local Militia , and other armed descriptions of force , and still more balanced by those constitutional feelings which animated no description of his majesty 's subjects more strongly than it did our gallant armies , which had so often and so recently acquired immortal honour for themselves and their country . He trusted the house would not be discouraged by the present aspect of affairs , but that they would see the necessity of increasing rapidly our disposable force . said , that the noble lord had now shewn us the nature and spirit of the measure , for the transfer was not now made on an emergency , but in contemplation of an emergency . So that this was now to become a regular system from year to year . This , he said , was a very bal mode of increasing the regular army , and as a regular system , he had the strongest objection to it . His lordship also defended the plan of his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and stated , that when the noble lord laid his cold fingers upon it , it was producing at the rate of 24,000 a year , instead of the 13,000 produced by the noble lord ; and out of the 27,000 that volunteered from the Militia , 20,000 were for limited service at a lower bounty . rose to make the motion of which he had given notice , for accurate returns of the number of officers and men belonging to the infantry , the cavalry , and the artillery , who had been embarked at different ports of this country and Ireland , for Spain and Portugal . He also wished to have an account delivered in of the expenditure , under the different heads , of money , arms , clothing , & c. which had been sent at different times to the Spanish patriots . Also an account of the horses , wagon train , & c. He likewise wished to have a return made , of the men , horses , artillery , & c. that had been relanded not in a disabled state , from the different ports of Spain . As the noble lord understood there would be no objection to the returns he called for , he should merely trouble the house with moving for them .