public worship , when all ranks and degrees assembled together , to worship their common father and benefactor . He thought that it was of the utmost importance that armies , going on foreign service , should have proper clergymen to administer the consolations of religion to the wounded and the dying . He thought there ought also to be some religious instruction and consolation for the many Black Regiments in his majesty 's service in the West Indies . repeated , that considerable improvements had already taken place in the appointment of Chaplains , and still further improvements were intended . As to the conduct of the Malta Regiment , he had not information enough on the subject to enable him at present to give an opinion . said , there was a subject which he had long wished for an opportunity to allude to , and which he did not yet wish to make any regular motion about . As he considered it connected with our military means , he should take the present opportunity of stating it . The island of Sicily had long been occupied by our troops , and was dependent upon them for its defence . Now , though he was averse , generally , to the principle of interfering in the affairs of another government , yet , when we took upon us to defend Sicily against all attacks , we should be justified in seeing that the government of that country took proper measures for their own defence . The accounts of all travellers for the last century coincided in stating , that the Sicilians were by no means attached to the Neapolitan government , which was most intolerably oppressive . He had some conversation with sir John Moore before he went to that island , and it was the opinion of that gallant officer , that the island was in some danger on that account . Another gallant officer ( sir John Stuart ) , who was a distant relation of his , had expressed to him the same idea . Now , he thought we could do our business more efficaciously , with a smaller body of men , if we would but suggest to the government of Sicily the necessity of adopting such measures as would secure the affections of the inhabitants . Having thrown out this idea , for the consideration of his majesty 's ministers , he did 1124 not mean to press it further , or to make any motion to the house upon it . thought that the Navy Estimates should be delayed until the house had time to consider the Reports of the Naval Commissioners , upon which those Estimates were founded . The Fourth Report was , as he had understood , only laid upon the table of the house that day . had no objection to put off the Estimates for a certain time , in order to give gentlemen time to read the Reports ; he must , however , deny that these Estimates were altogether formed from those Reports . The various items of the Navy Estimates had been before the house a long time , and gentlemen could see they were only the common and ordinary charges . thought , that if this Fourth Report , which had been laid upon the table that day , contained the reasons which induced the lords of the admiralty to present those Estimates , the house should have time to examine that Report , and judge of those reasons . thought it strange that Reports , stated to be made in the year 1807 , should not be laid on the table of that house till 1809. said that it was the general custom , when a Report was made , to send it to the board to which it related , in order to regulate its conduct . They were afterwards got back from those boards to be copied , and as those Reports were many and voluminous , the copying of them necessarily took up a great deal of time . He was free to admit , that he had