which he has fol- 585 lowed on the subject , in the presence of this house , and in the face of the country , to object to this question , I will certainly not continue to press it , but shall leave to the Committee the power of arriving at the answer by the best means it can devise . contended , that the Committee were not fettered by settled forms or principles of evidence , as was the case in the courts below . If once such a limit was imposed upon the investigations of the House of Commons , there was an end to the inquisitorial power of parliament . believed that nothing ' but party principle , prejudice and misconception , could induce men to deviate from the usages of those tribunals where justice was best administered . proposed to ask the witness , if she had a female child would sire place her under Miss Taylor 's care ? This was objected to . proposed asking the witness , would she , of her own knowledge , believe Miss Taylor 's evidence ? and the Attorney General thought the question perfectly fair . thought if such a question were put , without accompanying it with explanatory inquiries as to the nature of the facts from which the opinion proceeded , or of the opportunity the witness had of judging of the conduct or character of the person referred to , justice was not done ; and witnesses coming to be examined before the house must be placed in a very unpleasant situation . from what he had seen of the two ladies , would be more inclined to ask Miss Taylor her opinion of Mrs. Hovenden . suggested , that the question might be so framed , as to bring out the fact without disclosing the names of the persons . It was possible the witness might have been applied to as a broker , without reference to either Mrs. C. or the D. of York . said , it appeared , that the witness was one of Donovan 's agents ; and the committee would recollect , that it was stated , by a former evidence , that he had given in a long list of persons who were candidates for promotion to Mrs. C. agreed , that if it could be proved the names had been submitted to the D. of Y. it would be proper to inquire into the circumstance . observed , that previous to the D. of Y . 's letter , nothing was more common than for officers to purchase and exchange commissions through the medium of brokers . confirmed this statement , and said , a clause was introduced in the Mutiny Bill , for the special purpose of putting an end to such practices . General Stewart said , it would be very unfair to the army , to have the names of officers mentioned , by persons without character , and particularly as they would have no opportunity of contradicting them . observed , that there was hardly an officer in the army , previous to 1805 , who had not been guilty of this practice . objected to the question . It must necessarily implicate so many persons , that the committee would not be able to finish the inquiry in the course of the session declared he would take the sense of the committee on the question , if persevered in . If the committee thinks that a sufficient answer , I am satisfied . Have you ever called yourself by any other name than that of Clarke , since the year 1806 ? I do not recollect that I have ; but it is very likely , to avoid bailiffs . Is it so common a thing in you to assume a false name , that you can not positively say when you assumed such a name , or indeed whether you did so at all or not ? I only wish the gentleman to point out , and I will answer it immediately , any pointed question . Is it so common