few articles there , which were superfluous at present ; but to such an amount as the hon . gent . had stated he could not lend his belief . But the hon . gent . 's memory must deceive him with respect to what he had stated him ( Mr. Rose ) to have said concerning the Brazils.—He then proved , by various arguments , the Non-Importation Act to be hostile to this country , and this only ; and combated the assertions made by the hon . member , respecting the decline of our commerce , by laying the following statement before the house : £ . Exports to American States , from England , for the years ending March 1806 and 1807 11,774,000 Ditto in 1808 5,784,000 Decrease in 1808 5,990,000 rose and said , that it was in the common phraseology of every member rising to speak upon almost any subject to say , that that subject was important . The question now before them was indeed of that character . There could be none , perhaps of greater importance , except that by which we lost America . The same temper that then broke the connexion between England and her colonics seemed to be revived again , and to be now studiously busy in effecting the connexion between America and France ; and yet the success that crowned our policy at that time , should make us now rather industrious to avoid , than ambitious of retracing its disasters . I would , said Mr. Grattan , anxiously direct your observations to that eventful time , not to incite you to an imitation of those who went before you , but to deter you by their example—that we may profit by their errors and their failures , and that thus their disgrace may be made of use to their posterity . I recollect the history of that day when America stood up against us , and resisted England and oppression . What in that day was the language of this house ? It was the language of complaint ; complaint that our colonies were worked up into unnatural rebellion by the speeches delivered in this place . The Opposition was the cause of all , and the Opposition only . The Americans took their instinct of resistance , not from their charters ; not from the spirit that because it will , must be free , not from their condition as the colonists of a free people , not from their right of birth as the descendants of a British people , but from the mouths of a faction in this house . This was the language then , and what are we told now ? That America is angry , not because she feels the effects of your in- 1199 injustice , but because there are men in this house who complain of that injustice , and that such language opens her eyes to injuries that would otherwise escape her notice . Though this goes to attack the privilege of speech in this place , it shall not deter me from speaking what I think ; for sure I am , that the fate of America depends on that of England , and that of England is nearly , most , nearly , interested in the welfare of America . The right lion , secretary has himself admitted this in the conclusion of one of his Letters to Mr. Pinkney . I was happy to sec that admission ; but should have been more so if the letter had been consonant with the principle of that admission . The hon . gent . who was second in debate , argued , that America acquiesced in the maritime restrictions imposed by France . I deny it . She resisted the Orders of Berlin . She resisted the Decrees of France . Gen. Armstrong remonstrated repeatedly and spiritedly.—Here Mr. Grattan went into a detailed statement of the conduct of gen. Armstrong at Paris , and commented on it as he went along . He next proceeded to argue , that the Embargo was the effect of