insufficient means ? If the French force could not have been reduced , after the victories that had been obtained over them , before December , if the Convention was therefore justifiable , why tell us of the superiority of British troops ? a superiority , by the by , of which he had always been convinced , and had uniformly declared , notwithstanding a base , degrading and degenerate opinion to the contrary , which had for some lime prevailed amongst certain descriptions of persons in this country . Had the hon . general , if the Convention under all the circumstances was necessary , instead of gaining a victory , suffered a reverse , which might possibly have been the case , how could he have escaped from au enemy , that gained such terms , when opposed to a force so greatly superior to that the hon . general had originally commanded ? Reasoning , therefore , upon their own grounds and admissions , he might ask , why his majesty 's ministers had not waited 942 till all the troops destined for the Expedition had joined , until they had collected a force sufficient to accomplish the total and complete military reduction of the French Army in Portugal ? But no : they felt it necessary on that , as on other occasions , that they should appear to be doing something ; that they should make a bustle ; should support their characters for vigour : Portugal was the first object that presented itself , and they ran at it like an overdrove ox , and as that animal too is said to do , with their eyes shut ; not having at all thought what they were to do till after they had got into the country . When a measure therefore came , by which , whether advantageously or not , the object was accomplished which they now profess to have had in view , viz . the getting the French out of Portugal , they were embarrassed with their own success , and were not at all prepared with what was to be the next step ! Nothing , therefore , is more completely unfortunate , than the argument , which they now urge in defence of the Convention , namely , that it had the effect of getting the French out of Portugal sooner than could otherwise have been done : For , first , it is not true . The speediest way would undoubtedly have been to have conquered them in the first instance , as the hon . general would have done , with the troops that he had , and as the other generals do not deny that they could have done with a sufficiency of cavalry : next , it is not at all clear , that even when that opportunity was lost , the expulsion of the enemy by subsequent operations would not have been quite as speedy , and a good deal more satisfactory , than the method of Convention . But lastly , of what advantage was it to `` the hon . gentlemen , thus to endeavour to accelerate the evacuation , when , as it was , it came upon them before they were prepared for it . They are arguing therefore against themselves , when they give as a reason for adopting the Convention , that it sooner left them at liberty to transfer the army to Spain . If this effect was of so much consequence to them , why were they not prepared for it ? Or why make such sacrifices for an object , which when they had got , they were not in a state to make use of ? —These points , therefore , are established against them : 1st . That they are answerable for the Convention , good or bad as it may be , inasmuch as it is admitted on all hands , that it was from the want of means which they ought to have 943 provided , that it became , or was thought , necessary : 2dly . That when