had been introduced , not , in his judgment , by them cognizable , and foreign to the objects of their consideration . He had no doubt of the zeal and industry of the chairman , but he did differ with him as to the purport of part of his voluminous Report , which , in his opinion , went too much to trench upon the royal prerogative , and differing from him he would act in conformity to his own judgment and not give himself up altogether to the ipse dixits of any individnal . 'Nullius add ictus jurare in verba magistri ' . On that one ground , he dissented , tolo calo , from that hon . gent , as he was not of opinion that such great constitutional questions fell within their cognizance . said , that notwithstanding the prescribed limits of explanation , he could not sit in silence and hear that Report which he had submitted to the committee branded with the character of entrenching upon any one of the royal prerogatives . He denied it ; and in the fullest and strongest manner one gentleman could contradict another , asserted that such an opinion of that Report was false and unfounded . ( Order , order . ) entirely agreed with Mr. Bankes in his opinion of that Report . He thought it would be wrong to put the same men again on the same Committee who had hitherto so disagreed . was willing to do justice to the labours of the last Committee , but observed , that there had been sins of omission as well as commission , and that if those were not filled up by the next Committee , he should call the attention of the house to do it at a future period . in reply to the arguments that had been adduced against his proposition , noticed a threat of an hon . gent , to put some one on the bench where he sat , on their defence . If it was to himself he alluded , he could assure him that he could not do him a greater favour than to make any charge against him the subject of early investigation . [ Here Mr. Moore signified that he did not allude to the right hon . gent . ] If then , continued he , the hon . gent , alludes to any of 128 my friends near me , I will affirm in their names that they will be as desirous to meet early inquiry into their conduct as I could be.—There was also some blame attached to the not laying certain accounts before the house , and the hon . gent , had said he would not give a vote of supply till the appropriation of the last year 's Supply should be accounted for . In answer to this he had to observe , that there was an act of parliament prescribing the time when those accounts were to be produced , and if any delay should take place , he would be the first to agree in a motion for its being satisfactorily accounted for , but if the hon . gent . 's principle was acted on , it would go the length of putting a stop to all the money business of the nation.— It had been said , that former Reports had been thwarted and suffered to remain a dead letter , but this assertion had been so completely refuted by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Long ) , that he found it unnecessary to trouble the house any further upon it . His rt . hon . friend had , however , abstained from mentioning , that it was from his own evidence that the Committee had been enabled to make up their able Report on the subject of the Paymaster of the Forces Office , and to supply those suggestions of Reform which he afterwards carried into execution . As for the Reform suggested with regard to the Bank , he was sure the chairman of the Committee would hear him out in