the production of the Correspondence between the Ministers of the two Governments . wished to confine the production of papers to those which had been published by the American Government ; and observed , that no communication was made to Parliament respecting America , because our existing relations with the United States were not in that state which would authorise such a communication . agreed that no other papers than those mentioned were necessary ; but , in consequence of some objection to the wording of the motion , his lordship withdrew it , with the intention of making it again to-morrow . expressed his decided opinion , that if the proposition of the American Government , respecting the rescinding the Orders in Council , was not agreed to , there would be War between the United States and France in a month . rose , in pursuance of notice , to move the Thanks of the house to lieutenant general sir Arthur Wellesley . His lordship briefly detailed the circumstances of the two actions , on the 17th and 21st of August , and spoke in the highest terms of the skilful disposition made by sir A. Wellesley upon those occasions , and the energy and ability displayed by that gallant officer in the battles . He trusted , therefore , that there would be an unanimous Vote of Thanks 107 upon an occasion in which those Thanks were so well merited , and without any reference to circumstances which occurred after sir Arthur had ceased to command . In consequence of some private intimation , he wished to say a few words with respect to the name of sir Harry Burrard not being included . It was true that sir Harry Burrard nominally had the command , at a part of the period alluded to ; but the actual command , until the conclusion of the Battle of Vimiera , remained with sir A. Wellesley , who made all the dispositions , and carried them into execution . It was for that reason that the thanks were con-fined to sir Arthur . A similar instance occurred in the case of the Battle of the Nile , for which thanks were voted to lord Nelson , who was the actual commander upon that occasion , and not to earl St. Vincent , under whose command lord Nelson was ; and in the case of the former expedition to Copenhagen , sir Hyde Parker was merely thanked for the disposition , and lord Nelson for the execution . In the present instance , sir Harry Burrard had , with great magnanimity , declined to interfere with the command , until after the Battle of Vimiera was over . Upon these grounds it was that the motion of thanks was confined to sir Arthur Wellesley , as the actual Commander . His lordship concluded by moving the Thanks of the house to lieut . gen. sir A. Wellesley , K. B. for the skill , valour , and ability displayed by him on the 17th and 21st of August , and particularly on the latter day , in the Battle of Vimiera . was aware that it appeared very ungracious to interpose any thing like a dissent to a motion of this nature , but he thought it his duty upon the present occasion to enter his protest against the mode now proposed by the noble earl , of voting the thanks of the house . The painful task had fallen to his lot of investigating , as a member of the Court of Inquiry , the circumstances which led to the late transactions in Portugal ; and after what then transpired , he could not consent that the name of sir Harry Burrard should be left out of the Vote of Thanks , and thereby , in fact , that the severest censure should be passed upon him . It was ascertained by the examination of sir Harry Burrard before the Court of Inquiry , that that respectable officer had the command of the army on the 20th , and that on the 21st , on arriving at Vimiera ,