mistake also , for he confounded the system of precautions issued by the Junta of Seville , in July , with the arrangements made by the Central Junta , which was not established until the last week in September . Here the right hon . gent . would , in fact , have had his majesty 's ministers to act upon the recommendations of an Assembly possessing by no means a paramount authority , and in pursuance of such a principle to send a British army to another province where such authority was not recognized . It would he recollected that , although the whole Spanish nation simultaneously rose in the same cause— that , although unanimous in favour of the same object , they formed themselves into different bodies , under distinct governments , each watching the other , and as it was natural , each retaining its own authority and anxious to draw to itself as much power as possible . From these several Governments communications were made to this country . The first which applied for aid were the provinces of Asturias , Galicia , and from Seville . The question which ministers had to consider upon such applications was this—whether they should promptly grant the aid required , or by delaying until the Central Government ( the propriety of establishing which was at once obvious ) should be formed , expose those separate bodies , unarmed and unaided , to the attack of the enemy , and thus prevent their union altogether . From this consideration , ministers complied with the requisition of the Spanish Deputies , and every disposition had been manifested to supply all the Juntas with arms , with money , and with every means of military support ; though it was not deemed desirable at first to send out an armed force in aid of the separate efforts of the respective Juntas . The policy was obvious of not hazarding a 72 British army in Spain , until the force of the country should have been called forth and organized in such a manner as to cooperate with it , because there could be no oilier chance for the security of such an army from the danger of being overwhelmed by the superior numbers and strength of the enemy . It was from this source , that all the misrepresentations had arisen , which had constantly appeared in the public prints , from which the right hon . gent . had taken all his arguments , upon the subject of the demand of cavalry by Spain . Unquestionably the Juntas of Gallicia and Asturias had applied for reinforcements of British cavalry ; but the answer that had been uniformly returned was , that a British army would be sent to their support , but that it was intended that it should act in mass , and under a British commander . It was not thought advisable to send a small detached force of cavalry , to eke out the army of Blake , or of Cuesta , to send to them that which `` not enriched `` them , and might make us poor indeed . '' An army was to be sent to their assistance when they should have opened a theatre for it to act in . Was it any thing disheartening or discouraging to the Spaniards to tell them , that when they should have called forth their own forces , or established some general system of government , they should have the support of a British army ? From this circumstance also had arisen the various mistatements respecting the delay of the advance of the . British army from Portugal , as if that had arisen out of the circumstances of the Convention . The fact was , however , that the Supreme Central Junta had not been installed till the last week in September , and as soon as intelligence had been received of that event in this country , the expedition under sir David Baird had been ordered to sail , and a communication made thereof to the Junta of Callicia , and the Supreme Junta