it was necessary to come to a right understanding with the Juntas before the commencement of the campaign . When he communicated upon the subject with the Juntas of Gallicia and Asturias , it was conceived that the expulsion of the enemy from Portugal would be a valuable object , not only with a view to the naval station which this would procure for us , but also with a view to support the operations in Spain . When he arrived at Corunna , they had heard of the defeat of their army at Rio Seco ; and he then thought it his duty to offer to land his troops and to assist general Blake in covering the seat of their government . They said in reply , that they did not want men ; but that the best service which could be done to them and their cause , 929 would be to expel the French from Portugal . He had stated to the Board of Inquiry , and he now begged leave to repeat , that he had received a species of requisition , if it might be so called , from the Junta of Asturias , through sir Tho . Dyer , to drive the French from St. Andero . This Letter he begged leave to lay on the table . [ Here sir Arthur read the Letter , which contained nothing material , except the do : sire that he would land near St. Andero , unless their situation should be soon altered . It was dated the 31st of June . ] —It did not appear to him that this was a requisition of a nature that ought to induce him to relinquish the design on Portugal . He understood from the Junta of Gallicia , on mentioning the subject to them , that measures had been taken to expel the French from St. Andero , and that they considered it as a point of no importance , with a view to the possession of Asturias , which must have been his great object ; and in answer to all that he said on the occasion , they repeated , that the best service that could be done to the cause of Spain , by the British troops , would be the expulsion of the French from Portugal . The view which they took of the matter was this , that if in possession of Portugal the British army might be a link between the northern and southern armies of Spain , which had then no point of union . In order to shew what importance they attached to this service , although threatened by the enemy from two points after the defeat at Rio Seco , they sent 2,000 men to Portugal to assist his operations in that quarter . The expulsion of the enemy was not only therefore an immediate British object , but a British object of great consequence , with a view to the future operations in Spain.—The next view that had been taken of the subject , respected the Equipment of the corps sent out on the expedition . Upon this head it would be recollected , that his majesty 's ministers had received intelligence from admiral sir Charles Cotton that there were only 4,000 French in Lisbon , the rest having proceeded to Spain , and it could scarcely be alledged as a charge against them , that they acted upon the information of one , who had been eight months on the station , and might be supposed to have the best means of ascertaining with accuracy the real situation of the enemy in that quarter . He had then been ordered to go to the Tagus , and when the equipment was considered with a view to an attack under the infor- 930 mation which he had just stated , it might be regarded as amply sufficient . But at the same time there might , no doubt , be other reasons for the choice made of horses for the commissariat and the artillery . It was obvious , however , that with the operations in the