these general points ; but he must be permitted to add , that as these were the principles , upon which his majesty 's servants had acted , and as these principles had received the sanction of parliament , neither he nor his colleagues would be considered as culprits , nor as suffering under an accusation.—There were one or two other points in the speech of the hon . gent . which he thought it necessary to touch upon , the first of which was , the charge of the omission of America in the Speech . He could tell that hon . gent . that the ground of that omission was , that no change had taken place in the relative situation of the two states since the last session of parliament ; and he always understood , that unless some change of relations should have taken place , it was not 76 the practice to make particular mention of any state in the Speech at the opening of the session . But he had no objection to give the right hon . gent . every information in his power relative to that question . The right hon . gent . had made it matter of charge , at least so far as he felt himself informed upon the subject , that the late offer of compromise from the American government had not been acceded to . Yet the right hon . gent . seemed to state the case much more ingeniously for America , than the government of the United States did , having stated it as between America and this country , whereas , he should have stated it as between neutral and the belligerents . If the case were to be considered as between the government of this country and America , then the difficulty was an inheritance left to the present by the late ministers ; for the complaints of America were derived from the acts of the late as well as of the present ministers ; and he wished gentlemen not to suppose that the Orders in Council , issued by the present administration , had been the cause of the embargo . It had been so argued , hypothetically , last session , but it was now a notorious fact that no such ground had been laid for the embargo . The Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. 1806 , issued by the late ministers , made a most conspicuous figure in all the remonstrances of America , and as a prominent ground of the embargo . At the time the application for a compromise had been made by the American government , there was an order in force excluding British ships of war from the American ports , whilst French ships of war were admitted into them ; and consequently if the terms offered by America had been accepted , our commerce would have been permitted to America without a ship of war to protect it , whilst the French commerce would be excluded , at the same time that French ships of war would be admitted if they could succeed in getting there . The ports of America would thus become so many nests for French privateers against British commerce.—As to the tendency of the measures in agitation in America , he could afford the right hon . gent . some consolation , by assuring him , that they would not have all the ill consequences he seemed to apprehend . A circumstance appeared by the Report of the committee of Congress , though clothed in hostile language , which , if made known to his majesty 's government in amicable terms , might have 77 led to the acceptance or the terms proposed . The circumstance he alluded to was the resolution for excluding from American ports the ships of war not of Great Britain alone but of the belligerents . The Americans , in their character of neutrals , had unquestionably a right to exclude the ships of war of both belligerents from their ports , but could not confine their exclusion to those of one of