it is true that the military Convention disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country , surely the maritime Convention is equally open to reprobation . I trust that the house , before it comes to a decision upon the Resolutions which I shall have the honour to propose , will look at the situation in which gen. Junot and his army are placed by the Convention . It is but within this short time that you , sir , in one of those Addresses , in which , as the organ of this house , you conveyed its sense in a manner not less acceptable to those who received than to those by whom you were authorized to express it—you stated , that in the glorious battles they had fought , their swords had not been drawn in vain . As far as valour and skill were concerned assuredly their swords were not drawn in vain ; but for any purpose of solid advantage to ourselves , or of affording assistance to our allies , I would ask of any person whether they were not drawn in vain ? I would ask our allies the Spaniards whether those battles have not been fought in rain ? I would ask the people of Biscay , Gallicia , and Asturias , who have recently tracked the desolating progress of the enemy , whether , those battles have not been fought in vain—I would ask our own countrymen , who shed their best blood before Corunna , against that very army which had been transported from Portugal to fight them , and of which , army the only 916 officer we captured was a member , whether the battles of Vimiera and Roleia had not been fought in vain—I would ask even the people of Portugal , whom we have now abandoned , or must speedily abandon , whether the skill and valour so gloriously displayed in these battles , was not displayed in vain—whether , in a word , our gallant countrymen did not draw their swords in vain ? —It has been argued that our attack upon the French in Portugal was rendered advisable , in order to make a diversion in favour of the Spaniards , and to prevent Junot from sending any reinforcements to his countrymen in Spain . But those who rely upon such an argument in favour of the expedition , must be ignorant of the situation in which Junot was placed . This situation fully appears from his own intercepted letter . In this letter , which is dated June 7 , and which was addressed as a confidential communication to the duke of Berg , Junot states that he is so hampered and alarmed by the apprehension of insurrections among the Portuguese and by the presence of the British fleet off the Tagus , that he could not afford to send him a single man . Then let the house compare the situation of gen. Junot in June , with what it was in the December following , when he was quelling insurrection in Spain , and assisting to drive the British army to Corunna . What had intervened between July and December ? A British expedition ! British success ! British victory ! ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) I hope , at least , that the result of the Vote this night will be to give some important instruction to the country , and that those who have been attributing the failure of our expedition to other causes , will come to a distinct Vote , that they will inform the country , if they are of that opinion ; that although the expedition was properly commanded , yet it was convenient that the Commander should be changed ; that although it was proper there should be a large force of cavalry yet that it was not inconvenient to have scarcely any cavalry at all ; that although it was proper to have efficient artillery horses , yet it was no detriment to the service to have horses that were wounded , lame , blind , spavined , and cast