the effect of turning the tide of public opinion in that country . The hon . and learned gent . then read a letter which he held in his hand from a respectable person in America , stating , that the people of that country were prepared to abuse the English with words , but that they would never go farther , nor proceed to blows ; that the English ministers acted wisely in leaving them to themselves , and that Mr. Canning 's Note had produced a good effect . What effect the speech of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) might produce , when it got to the other side of the Atlantic , he should not pretend to say . The honourable gentleman had , besides , said , that the Orders in Council were the cause of the Embargo . This the hon . and learned gent . by various able and judicious arguments endeavoured to shew was not the case . To prove this he alluded to a communication from the President , which was stated to contain an account of the policy and causes which produced that measure , and in which no allusion is made to the Orders in Council of the 11th Nov. ; but reference is had to the Order of the 7th Jan. 1807 , and to the correspondence between Mr. Armstrong and M. Champagny . He also maintained that on the 17th December , the existence of the Orders in Council was unknown in America ; and that on the 18th of that month , at the Central City of Washington , the measure of the Embargo was recommended by the President to the American Legislature . He was , on the whole , of opinion , that America had not acted that even part the hon . gent . gave her credit for ; but , still hostility with America was the farthest thing from his wishes . He had no doubt matters would be amicably adjusted , not by America going to war with the Ruler of France , but by abstaining from commercial intercourse with him . The hon . gent . had , 1193 however , in his strictures on the prophecies of last session , forgot the prophecies on his side of the house , that our colonics , without the assistance of America , would be ruined , and our colonists starved . America had continued her Embargo ; but still our colonies had not been ruined , nor our colonists starved . On the contrary , by comparing the stale of our colonies with what it was previous to the Orders in Council , it would be found to be greatly improved . He could not agree to the Address which had been moved , and which was calculated , in an indirect manner , to rescind the Orders in Council . Such an address would not promote but defeat the end in view . If he entertained any doubt as to the sentiments of ministers on this subject , he should vote against them . But he had none . He knew they were anxious , as he was , for peace on any terms not inconsistent with the maritime rights of the country . But he would never agree to purchase a peace by consenting to any measure calculated to ruin our commerce , and to starve our manufactures , and our navy . The motion of the hon . gent . would go in substance to the repeal of the Orders in Council , and should therefore be opposed by him : it would even go further , for it would frustrate the very object , which the hon . gent . himself professed to have in view , and ought therefore to be negatived by those , who wished well to that object . spoke in support of the motion , and in reprobation of the Orders in Council , which he contended , had by their operation materially injured the commerce of this country . He thought , in determining upon the impolicy of