to give credit to the statement of any of its members which met with no contradiction , and therefore when the hon . member stated yesterday as a fact the circumstance which was the ground of his motion , and no objection was made , the house , as a matter of course , agreed to it , and the order was made accordingly . But now that the house was better informed upon the subject , it would be competent for them to amend the proceeding by an order to supersede the writ . Something similar had occurred in the case of gen. Egerton , the presumptive heir to the duke , of Bridgwater.—The writ was ordered to be superseded . stated to the house his wish to attract its particular attention for a very few moments . Although he had no distinct proposition to make , he still hoped for its indulgence , as his object was to do justice to the character of a very meritorious officer , whose feelings were wounded in consequence of some part of the examination of colonel Gordon , last night , in the committee . He alluded to Major Covell.—That respectable officer was that day introduced to him , and during the short period of his interview , expressed the apprehensions he entertained , lest from what appeared in the papers of the day , an impression might go abroad injurious to his character . He then presented to him the paper which he ( Mr. W. ) held in his hand . It was a letter from major-general Leith , expressive of the high opi- 657 nion which that officer entertained of the meritorious services of major Covell , an opinion not expressed alone in general terms , bat justified by a reference to his abie conduct in commanding the 76th regiment , in the late masterly retreat of the British army , under tile lamented sir John Moore.—Major Covell was anxious that he should state these circumstances to the house , to protect his reputation from any unmerited aspersion . In answer he ( Mr. W. ) did assure him that not a doubt existed in the breast of any member of the Committee , relative to his meritorious character and conduct , nor was there any symptom manifested by any person of a wish to cast the remotest suspicion upon cither . An irrelevant examination had been gone into , in which colonel Gordon was reduced to the necessity of an answer referring to him ; but such examination was subsequently expunged from the minutes of the committee.—I do hope , said Mr. Whitbread , that the house will excuse this tresspass upon its attention , and that it will perceive that the sole object is to satisfy the feelings of a distinguished officer , ( hear ! hear ! ) apprehensive of undeservedly suffering in the estimation of his country , from the tendency of certain questions , put by a Committee of this house . I now beg leave , without either comment or observation , to read the following letter from major-general Leith to sir Thomas Musgrave : `` No . 10 , Cork-street , Burlington-street , 14th Feb. 1809 . `` SIR—Having had the honour to command a Brigade in Spain of which the 76th regiment formed a part , I trust you will pardon my addressing you on a subject of a regimental nature , which the interest I feel in a corps that has faithfully served under my orders , and justice to major Covell , who commanded , have principally prompted . It is due to major Covell to state , that the late much regretted lieutenant colonel Symes , from having been employed on other duties and ill health , commanded the 76th regiment but one day in the field , near Logo , where he was obliged to relinquish it ; previous and subsequent to that period major Covell paid the greatest attention to his charge , and I had hoped , that under the circumstances of the vacancy occasioned by the death of lieutenant colonel Symes , he