Peace , on such terms as the circumstances of the war in which we are engaged may render compatible with the true interests of the empire , and the honour of his majesty 's crown '' . in a few words , opposed the amendment of his hon . friend : the unfeigned respect he bore his hon . friend , called upon him to state his reasons for differing from him , as he did almost wholly upon the present question . The question , in his opinion , could be reduced to a much narrower compass than his hon . friend seemed to think— it did not go into the wide detail of foreign relations ; the question for the house was , whether on the papers now before them , it appeared that his majesty 's ministers acted right or wrong , when the overture for peace was first made by the government of France ? Was it , or was it not , a proper course for ministers to demand a quick explanation with respect to the admission of Spain as a party to the Treaty ? He thought it was . He again differed from his hon . friend , as to the stress laid by him on the probable consequence of the high tone in which the overtures had been answered . He did not believe any tone , however moderate , would have had the least effect on this negotiation ; not that he approved of the tone used by the right hon . gentleman , far from it , he thought the language and stile adopted by the right hon . gent. , more like what one political adversary would use to another in that house , than what became the gravity of diplomatic correspondence for a negotiation that was to restore peace to the world . He was inclined to think that in point of time , the crisis was most unfavourable to negotiation , for Buonaparté on the 25th of October , 233 had declared that it was not for the interests of France that any of the Bourbon interest should reign in Spain , and that it was safer for France that the same dynasty should reign in both countries . His senate , in their answer , said , that his views were wise , and that the war with Spain was politic , just , and necessary . After this pledge of the Emperor 's , after the answer of the senate , and after the vote of 160,000 men , with which that answer was followed up , it could not be supposed that any moderate tone of negotiation could have induced the Emperor of France to abandon his views on Spain , the cause of which country , it has since been evident , could have been decided by the sword alone . Besides , he did think that by not demanding that Spain in the first instance should be admitted as a party , we should have abandoned her in the face of the world . With respect to Spain , there was no man in that house less committed than he was . A noble lord had charged him with throwing cold water upon the enthusiasm of the Spanish cause ; if , however , that noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had been less enthusiastic upon that subject ( though certainly enthusiasm was not his constitutional vice ) , perhaps our affairs would not be so circumstanced as they then were . said , he was astonished to hear the expressions which had been used by the hon . gent , opposite . If he had found out irregularities in any proceedings of this country , which was not impossible , he believed the hon . gent , would find it difficult in the annals of the British legislature to find a parallel to his own speech . As to the allusions made by that hon . gent , to the case of the Sybilline books , he contended , that the hon . gent 's , own conduct would have been more