state the grounds of his having seconded the motion , for having brought which forward he thought the hon . member entitled to the thanks of the house . said , he gave way to the hon . baronet , in order that lie might have an opportunity of shewing , as he had done , with so much coolness , candour , and politeness , the motives which induced him to second the present motion . He was extremely glad he had done so , as the whole of the hon . baronet 's sentiments had been delivered in a manner highly honourable to him . His chief reason for offering himself to the house , on the present question , was for the purpose of stating what bethought would be the most desirable method of proceeding in the present case . In forming the opinion he was about to deliver to the house , he looked only to the principles of the British Constitution , and the invariable end of its justice ; viz . that from the highest subject to the lowest , every person accused must be taken to be innocent , till proved to be guilty . With respect to all those alledged facts which the hon . gent . had brought forward in a very candid manner , he had not the smallest doubt , however the hon . gent . might have been induced to give credence to their truth or probability , that it would ultimately turn out , on a proper investigation , that they were founded in falsehood and misrepresentation . As to that relating to the service of plate , it came in such a questionable shape , and from such a quarter , that he was sure no gentleman could believe it true . From the situation which he had gratuitously filled in the way of his profession in the service of the illustrious personage , the object of this motion , he was enabled to speak without bias , and with certainty , respecting his revenues , and every circumstance connected with them . During the twenty years that he held his office , he had been intimately acquainted with all his royal highness 's affairs , without any circumstance being kept from his knowledge . At every moment of that long period he had possessed the unlimited confidence of that illustrious person , even during his embarrassments ( for , as they had been under the consideration of parliament , he might advert to those embarrassments ) , and in all his experience of him he had known his royal highness uniformly to state the situation of his affairs with an accuracy , that was extraordinary , with a truth beyond example , and with a fidelity of memory , that reflected the highest 194 credit upon his understanding . In all that time he had never heard of his having procured any accommodation or loan on any other terms , than the duke of Bedford , the duke of Devonshire , or the duke of Northumberland would , if they had occasion . This he stated , in order to shew that , in the inquiry that was to take place , from what the house knew personally , he could confidently assert , that the facts alledged would prove unfounded . And , as he felt no bias on the occasion , but what arose from a regard to justice , the mode of proceeding be had to propose , was suggested solely with a view to promote it . The inquiry should , in his mind , be public , as the charge was , and the authority of that house , when examining witnesses at its bar , would insure their punishment in case of prevarication . It would not be proper to carry on the inquiry under an act which would require the sanction of the other branches of the legislature . Gentlemen should recollect , that this investigation might lead to an impeachment hereafter , and therefore the house ought not to part with its power of inquiry , or