nations , except America . The noble mover had stated the injury to commerce as a growing evil , which would be felt more now than at the first ; but he considered , that the reverse of this was the truth , and that the inconvenience felt in the novelty of the measure would be lessened or removed in the colonics , by the means which they would resort to of obtaining supplies from other sources . In confirmation of the flourishing state of commerce , as opposed to the noble lord 's statement upon the exports , he stated , that the four quarters for the years 1807 and 1808 , had produced to the Consolidated 802 Fund 3,339,000l . which , as being derived from every species of revenue , proved the flourishing state of the resources of the country . He concluded by declaring , that the Orders in Council were founded in justice , approved by experience , and were the best means of retaliating upon the aggressor , the acts by which he had violated the laws of nations . said , that at so late an hour of the night he should not think of troubling their lordships , but with a very few words indeed . He adverted with great feeling to the allusion that had been made by a noble earl ( Bathurst ) to Mr. Grenville , as having been the first cause of the separation of America from Great Britain . He corrected the noble earl 's statement , and shewed from dates , that though Mr. George Grenville had more than 40 years ago proposed a small tax on the United States , yet the measure was in a few months repealed ; and when afterwards taken up by another minister of the crown , it had met with his warm opposition , as a measure , which once conceded upon principle , ought never to have been resumed . The least calamity , that flowed from that inconsiderate measure , was the separation of the colonies ; the real calamity was the loss of character which the parent state incurred . When the noble earl therefore recalled his view to the conduct of his ancestor , in regard to America , he recalled to him only what gave him pride and satisfaction . He next alluded to what had fallen from a noble viscount ( Melville , ) but as he had left the house , he should not combat the opinions he had held— one thing , however he deplored— that the noble viscount had left the house , and had not heard the language of his majesty 's Secretary of State , who had spoken last— for the noble viscount had said , that , he would vote for the Address moved this night , if he saw any indisposition in the king 's minister to negociate with America in the spirit of peace . Now , if he had heard the noble earl who had just sat down , he must have been convinced that there was no amicable disposition in his majesty 's government towards America , and consequently he must have voted , on his own principles , for the Address . — The noble lord painted in strong colours the argument of the noble earl ( Liverpool ) , in his attempt to raise a difference in the proposition that had been made by America to the two belligerents , though , by a comparison it would , be 803 found , that they were shortly and literally the same . The noble lord explained this , by shewing that the French Decree had a double character ; that of municipal regulation , which it was admitted every independant state had a right to enact unquestioned ; and the other , that which attempted to touch the law of nations , on the high seas , and which was the only matter of aggression to America , lie complained of the noble earl 's not stating the position fairly , and then drawing from his own mistatement an unjust and injurious