merits of any case they were called upon to try . But if the persons to try in the present instance were not only acquainted with the circumstances of the question , but were parties in it , it was vain to say , that such persons could be competent judges . Here , then , the objection of his lion , friend lay ; it was not to the individual , but to the situation which that individual had been in ; and so far had he thought this principle objectionable , that it had always been his opinion , an opinion from the open avowal of which he had never shrunk , that the great mixture of the officers of the crown with the members of that house , had a tendency to prejudice the character , by improperly influencing the decisions , of parliament . This had been at all times his opinion ; at the same time , he was aware of the suggestion , that it was perfectly possible to let the officers of the crown have seats without votes . said , he was not present at the commencement of the debate , but as he had a personal interest in the question , ( he being one of the members proposed for that Committee , ) he did wish to say one or two words . He dissented altogether from his hon . friend who had just sat down , as to the principle that would , in its application , tend to the exclusion of the servants of the crown from a share in the debates and decisions of that house ; in every tribunal it was not to be doubted that impartiality was not only a desirable , but an indispensible qualification ; but he could not go so far as to assent , that due information upon any question to be tried was inconsistent with impartiality . How would such a principle , carried to such an extent , apply to the officers who conducted in that house the business of the country ? Were they to be driven from the privilege of defending in public whatever measures for the general good they had devised in private ? Were they to be forced to leave to others to explain what 1040 they themselves best understood ? and was it the most gracious way to encourage and assist their exertions to exclude them from the common privileges of the government , because they had taken upon themselves the arduous responsibility of governing ? He could not pass over the observations of his hon . friend in silence ; but with respect to the Committee , he thought it an advantage that it should not be deprived of those gentlemen , whose information must be of such service in the course of its inquiries : as far as respected himself , he unaffectedly assured the house , that he did wish to decline being a member of that Committee . He was afraid he could not possibly devote to it as much attention as he wished , and he should be glad that the name of some other gentleman was substituted in place of his own . said , that the hon . gent . had begun by informing the house that he had not been present at the beginning of the debate : That he had not , was pretty manifest from the tenor of his speech : there was in that speech internal evidence that the hon . gent . did not hear what had gone before him . But with respect to the principle laid down by the hon . gent. , in reference to public men , he had the misfortune widely to differ from that hon . gent . He protested against the principle of confidence in public men , and contended for it , that the constitutional principle was distrust—distrust in all public men , be they whom they might . He differed farther from the hon . gent . as to the importance of information on the part of those who were to inquire :