inhospitable season of the year , to give battle to their adversaries , and gain over them a signal victory : it was that discipline which enabled them to sustain all the hardships and all the privations which they endured in that retreat , and , finally , to secure and save themselves from a tremendous enemy . This was the effect of the discipline introduced and acted upon throughout the British forces , and which was demonstrated in a thousand instances . Sphere was one which he would mention , however reluctant he was to do it , and that was , when his royal highness heard that the lieut . colonel of a regiment ( the regiment which his lordship commanded , and which the late lieut.-general sir John Moore once commanded ) was deficient in talent and knowledge to hold such a commission , he removed him , and appointed another more effective in his stead ; and neither his family connections ( being the son of a noble lord ) , nor any other interest , was allowed to prevent that removal : the consequence whereof was , that the regiment immediately improved in effective force as it did in discipline.—There was another circumstance which he wished to notice to their lordships , and that was , an ill-founded opinion entertained of that excellent institution the Military Asylum , namely , that it was a useless burthen to the state . This he lordship could most solemnly contradict , and also take upon him to say , that a more beneficial establishment , as a nursery for good soldiers , never was instituted in any country . That was all with which , on the present occasion , he should trouble the house . by command of his majesty , presented from the bar , a copy of the Patent appointing Mr. Jeffery his majesty 's Consul-General in Portugal . wished to be informed , whether any salary was annexed to the office of Consul-General in Portugal , as that did not appear by the patent of appointment . replied , that no salary was annexed upon the face of the patent , because no emolument was derived from the public revenues of this country . The salary was derived from the Consul 's fees , which fluctuated in amount between 1,500l.per annum the lowest , and 3,000l.the highest limit . At the appointment of Mr. Jeffery , it was thought desirable to lower the emoluments of some Consuls , and raise those of others , and to place the Consulate in Portugal on the footing of the North American Consulate , excluding persons in trade , and limiting the income . The amount of emolument which Mr. Jeffery was to have , was 1,500l.per ann . and one fourth of what fees he should collect over that sum , as an inducement to ensure their collection ; the other three-fourths of the surplus of the fees over 1,500l.to be handed over to the fund , as a provision for other Consuls . He was , however , to admit , that an assurance had been given to Mr. Jeffery , that if the fees of his office should fall short of 1,500l.they should be made good to that amount , so that it was barely possible that he should have to derive any part of the income of his office from the public revenue of this country . asked whether it was intended that the salary of the office was to be enjoyed by a member of parliament resident in this country without vacating his seat . replied that he had imagined the hon . gent , whose appointment was alluded to , had immediately proceeded to his destination , until this question had been started , when , upon inquiry , he found he had been detained by private affairs . If that gentleman should hereafter return for a time to England upon leave of absence , he saw no reason why he should be precluded from receiving his fees of office . declared he should do every thing in his power in order