was prepared with another host of inspectors from the Bank , who would have proved the direct contrary . This statement had been made to him by the defendant 's solicitor , who was a gentleman of great honour and credit in his profession , and shewed how very great the difference of opinions was , with regard to the comparison of hands . He would therefore intreat the Committee to weigh well the matter , before they allowed such evidence to be called to the bar . said a few words in favour of the witness being called in . said , that having given his opinion in favour of the proceeding on the last night of the Inquiry , he should certainly maintain it then , though in direct opposition to that of his hon . friend and the noble lord , with whom he was generally in the habit of voting . The subject , indeed , divided itself into more branches than he was inclined to enter upon at that moment , but he could not help offering a few observations on it . He was sorry the mode of examining witnesses on oath had not been adopted , as he thought this house ought to examine on oath as well as the other , and he believed the custom had obtained in the other house from the circumstance of their being more frequently used to act in judicial capacity . As it was , the house must now proceed in the way that it set out with . There appeared to him great confusion in the manner of arguing the subject . The first question in these cases generally was , Have you seen the party write ? and in answering this the witness did not give his opinion on having seen the party write , but on what he had written , which was merely matter of opinion from comparison of the hand-writing . That this , however , was , after all , a very uncertain mode of proceeding , he was ready to admit . This had to him been strongly exemplified in a case which occurred in that house a few nights ago . An hon . gent . had been examined as to the hand-writing of sir Horace Mann , who had on that occasion said , that the first paper produced to him was the writing of sir Horace , and the second was not . He ( Mr. Smith ) had carefully and minutely examined both , and though he had never seen sir H. Mann write , from the first paper being allowed by the hon . member with- 852 out any doubt , to be the hand-writing of sir H. Mann , he ( Mr. Smith ) should have felt no doubt the second was also ; with no other difference , than that the one had been written with what is generally called a letter pen . As to the gentlemen who had been called to prove the duke of York 's hand-writing , they had done themselves honour on the occasion , by the great caution with which they had given their evidence . If the house had strictly adhered to the rules adopted by the courts of law , he would allow they should confine themselves to it : but having once taken a greater latitude , they ought not to permit themselves to be circumscribed , and therefore he thought that col. Gordon 's comparison of hands was not liable to the objection his hon . friend had made to it . He could not , therefore , but think it right that the witnesses should be examined , as to the comparison of hands . said , that as this point had been objected to , it behoved them to look well to the case , to see if they were doing what they ought . They might set up technical or legal proofs to bar such a mode of proceeding ; but this case was nothing like what was so called in courts of law . As to Mrs. Clarke