possibly contend for more ; but , without meaning to under-rate the interests of Spain , he felt that no more could have been demanded in the first instance ; and the moderation of the condition was sufficient to quiet all suspicion in the minds of mankind respecting the sincerity of our wish for peace . What concession , then , had been demanded of Buonaparté ? Absolutely none . The admission to negociate alone was demanded for the Spanish government ; but the admission to negociate would not decide the right , nor interfere with any disputed point , but simply open the way to immediate negociation and eventual decision . It had been said , that this demand would more properly have been introduced if the negociation , which might have been entered into upon the basis of the uti possidetis . But by whose right could Spain have been let into the negociation upon such a basis , if not allowed to be an original party to the ne- 215 gociation ? Who possessed Spain , so as to let in the consideration of negociating upon such a basis ? We had no right to treat for Spain upon such terms , because we had not the possession of Spain . Upon this principle he had felt it his duty to protest against such a principle of negociating for an independent nation , as if we had the possession of it in such an extent , as to authorise us to treat for it upon the basis of actual possession . He protested against the principle in the case of the king of Sicily in a former negociation , and he abjured it in every instance . If we had accepted the proffered basis without stipulating the admission of the Spanish government , it might have given to France a claim to the fortresses of Spain ; which they had gained possession of by ; treachery , upon the same principle ; and , I perhaps , that was the object which the enemy had in view in the proposal of their delusive overtures . By demanding the admission of the Spanish government to the negociation , we had given France an opportunity of doing away all suspicion upon this head , if her views were not ; sinister . There were others who were of Opinion that the acceptance of the first overtures was but a mere waste of time , and that , consequently , they ought to have been rejected at once . In this preliminary opinion he was not disposed to concur . He and his colleagues , though not sanguine that the result would end in peace , yet thought the trial worth making ; and the circumstance of the emperor of Russia being joined in the application gave strength to any expectation that might be conceived of the possible restoration of the blessings of peace . They had hoped , that the emperor of Russia , from a consideration of the perfidy with which the French ruler had gained possession of the principal fortresses of Spain , and of the villainy with which he enticed the legitimate sovereign of that country , first beyond his frontier , and afterwards led him , with all the members of his house , into captivity ; would have opened his eyes to his situation ; would have anticipated the degree of forbearance he had to expect , when such atrocities had been committed against the best and most serviceable and most faithful ally and friend of France , the compliant , submissive and un-reproaching power , which ever exhausted its own means , to promote the ambition and the interest of an ally . He had expected , that the emperor of Russia , 216 from the comparatively little that he could do for France , contrasted with what had been done by Spain and the possessors of Spanish South America , could not look to any very exemplary forbearance , and that the time had at length arrived when he would endeavour to retrace the course , which he had pursued since his