the transports empty , his majesty 's ministers had no alternative.—He was not aware that there was any thing more in the right hon . gent . 's speech , which it would be necessary for him to reply to particularly . He could not , however , pass from it without , noticing the animation , rather more than usual with the right hon . gent . with which 1101 he began ; no less than the indignation which pervaded the middle of his speech , and the reprehension of his majesty 's ministers , with which it ended . But there was one point more to which the right hon . gent . had adverted , when he asked why sir David Band had been sent out without instructions , which it might be desirable for him to notice . Sir David Baird 's force had been sent out as part of sir John Moore 's army ; and consequently he was to take his instructions from that officer . As to the question why a force had not been sent out to meet the British army on its return to Corunna , it would be a sufficient reply to state that the dispatches from sir John Moore mentioned his intention to retreat upon Corunna or Vigo ; the transports , too , had been ordered from Corunna to Vigo , and the distance between these places was considerable , so that his majesty 's ministers could not know whither to send a force to meet them.—Without meaning the smallest disrespect to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) he should here quit his rougher draft , and pass to the more comprehensive statement of the right hon . gent . who preceded him , which , if it had only the quality of truth , he meant of foundation in fact , would have been a most distinguished specimen of eloquence . But that right hon . gent . had employed the same guide as his right hon . friend , the misrepresentation of facts , to describe the conduct of the government of this country to Spain . It would be recollected that the feeling of that house , and of the world , upon the first ebullition of the national spirit in Spain , was , that the government of this country had but one course to pursue . It had been argued by the right hon . gent . that before the assistance of this country had been given to Spain , it ought to have been ascertained whether or not the Spaniards were instigated by the monks ; whether they were encouraged by the higher ranks , or animated by popery ; whether they were wedded to their ancient institututions , or disposed to shake off the oppression of their former government , to abjure the errors of a delusive religion , or prepared to forswear the Pope and the Grand Inquisitor . These were questions better suited for the employment of a period of learned leisure , than for the hours of action . The right hon . gent . in tracing the limit which he pointed out , had drawn a line of insularity round us , which would separate us from the rest of Europe , even more than our insular situation , and leave 1102 us to defend ourselves . The policy of his majesty 's government was different ; they felt that the Spanish nation wanted other and more aids than lectures or municipal institutions ; they were content that a British army should act in Spain , though the Grand Inquisitor might have been at the head of the Spanish armies ; though the people might have been attached to their ancient monarchy , and with one hand upheld Ferdinand VII , whilst with the Other , they worshipped the Lady of the Pillar . To assist t he patriotic efforts of the Spanish nation was the sole object , and they did not wish to inflict upon that country any change as the price of that assistance . God forbid ! that we