I should not have mentioned his name . Do you recollect what those offers were ? No , I do not . Do you recollect any part of the offer that col. French made ? I have seen all the papers ; but if I was to be guided by them , I should not guess nearer the thing itself than from my own memory ; I can not recollect the time for the conditions . Do you recollect that col. French entered into any conditions with you ? Yes , I do . Did those conditions imply , that you were to receive a pecuniary reward for your influence with the Commander in Chief ? Certainly . Did you , in consequence of this , apply to the Commander in Chief , and request that col. French might be allowed to have a levy ? Certainly . 447 Did you state to the Commander in Chief , that you were to have any pecuniary advantages if col. French was allowed to have a levy ? Yes . certainly . Did the Commander in Chief promise yon , after such application , that col. French should have a levy ? Yes , he did . Did you , in consequence of col. French having such levy , receive any sums of money from him or any other person on that account ? Yes . Can you state any particular sums that were paid to you on that account , and by whom ? I recollect having one sum , but I can not tell whether it was col. French or capt . Sandon , of 500 guineas , bank notes , making up the sum of guineas : and I paid 500l . of it on account to Birkett , for a service of plate and h. r. h. paid the remainder by his own bills ; I fancy h. r. h. told me so . Do you recollect any other sum or sums that you received ? Yes , but I can not speak to the amount of them . I fancy that Mr. Dowler was by , when I received the money I paid for the plate . Do you recollect that either col. French or capt . Sandon applied to you to prevail upon the Commander in Chief , to make any alterations from the original terms of the levy ? They teased me every day , and I always told b. r. h. , or gave him col. French 's notes ; but I can not tell what it was about , for I never gave myself the trouble to read them . I was not aware of what they always asked me or wanted , but h. r. h. always understood it , I believe . Do you recollect , that during the progress of the levy , any loan was to have been made to the Commander in Chief , by col. French ? No , no loan by col. French . Do you recollect that any loan was to have been made to the Commander in Chief , arising out of the levy , or connected with the levy ? Col. French told me , that if h. r. h. would pass the accounts which had been some time standing , and which col. French and his agent had every reason to expect to have been passed he fore , and which were all very correct , he would accommodate him with 5,000l. , upon proper security being given , at the regular interest . Did you speak to the Commander in Chief upon this subject ? Yes , I did . State what further you know upon that point . I believe that h. r. h. applied as far as was proper in him , and he could not command the money from the different offices , or the office where it was to be paid , and the thing dropped ; he has no business whatever with money , and perhaps he was rather delicate on that subject of pressing , when he expected to receive the 5,000l . on loan