occasioned by the low state of the river , as also from a wish to give time to the Mamelukes to decide , to the Turks to collect and arrange their force , the army appeared before Cairo , two of the objects of the march being already accomplished ; for the Mamelukes had joined , and the resources of the country were opened to the British , and closed against the enemy.—Accounts had been received from England of pending negotiations for peace ; information from the fleet , of expected reinforcements from France ; the river was shortly to overflow its banks , by which all operations in that part of Egypt would be prevented for several months ; these were powerful motives for dispatch , and consequently the British general felt most anxious not to be delayed a single hour before Cairo . He knew , also , that the fatigue and danger of a siege would have fallen principally on the small corps of British , at this time about 4,500 effective , and that , in the event of successful attack , every horror was to be apprehended from the Turks , not merely against the enemy but the citizens ; he therefore felt no hesitation in granting to general Belliard , who offered to capitulate , the most honourable terms . By this capitulation , all the cavalry and field train of the enemy were captured , and his hold in the country so essentially weakened , that even in the event of considerable succours from France , it was scarcely possible for him to recover the possession of Egypt . The arrival of the Indian army from the Red Sea , was now secured , which would have been impracticable , had the enemy continued possessed of Cairo ; and the Vizier 's army , by the co-operation of a small corps of British , had thus been saved from annihilation ( which had been the fate of his troops the preceding year in the neighbourhood of this city ) and marched triumphant to the gates of their capital.— The French , to the amount of 13,700 , of whom more than 12,000 were troops , 10,000 of them fit for any duty , were escorted to their ships , by 4,500 British , under sir John Moore ; the inequality of numbers between the escorted and escorting , was the ridicule even of the French officers of that army . General Menou treated general Belliard as a traitor , and so reported him to his government . He 963 would now ask the gallant general , in what this Convention of Cairo resembled that of Cintra ? Had his majesty disapproved any of the articles of that Convention , on account of `` their impropriety and danger , as affecting the interests or feelings of his allies , '' the Turks , as he had done in the case of Cintra , in behalf of the Portuguese and Spaniards ? Were the Turks dissatisfied with a Convention , which repossessed them of the capital , and insured to them the conquest of Egypt ? Had not the voice of the people of this empire been as distinct in approving and admiring the one proceeding , as it had been loud and unanimous in condemnation of the other ? Did the gallant general forget what were the feelings of his own troops on the occasion of the Convention of Cintra ? Were not his officers deeply disgusted , and did they not , in the most unqualified manner , so express themselves ? Had he to learn that these officers of the Egyptian army , who at the commencement of the march to Cairo , appalled , as it were , by the difficulties of the undertaking , felt it to be their duty strongly to urge an apprehension of disastrous issue , did , on the fall of that city , compliment the General upon the success of an operation , which they were kind enough to declare , appeared to have been decided by an inspired judgment . In short , was