assume the tone and character of her protector ; to exercise a right which had never , either in fact or in substance , been conveyed to us . Such a demand would also have given cause of complaint to other allies , whose territories had been also invaded , and successfully invaded . So that we stipulated for our new allies no more than we did for our ancient allies , to whom we had been bound by solemn and long existing treaties . The demand of the restoration of the lawful sovereign of Spain would also have been a question which more particularly belonged to Spain , to insist upon : it would likewise be to abandon that bold and liberal policy , in which the house and the public were last year agreed ; namely , to leave Spain to herself , and not to interfere in her internal concerns . The demand , that had been made in reply to the first overtures , was the lowest , but at the same time the most efficacious that could have been made ; that Spain might be admitted to the negociation , that she might have the opportunity of stating her own demands ; that the negociation should not be conducted for her by us , but that she should be afforded an opportunity of pleading her own cause in the persons of her own plenipotentiaries before the assembled representatives of the powers of Europe . It had been staled in other places , that he proposal of this condition amounted to a demand of a preliminary concession from France . But so far from that being the fact , so far from concession having been demanded with respect to the legitimate sovereign of Spain , it was only required that the existing government , the government de facto in Spain , should be admitted to negociate , that the government that was in possession of the executive authority should be so admitted , described , too , as it described itself , as a party to the proposed negociation . This was the least that could have been done , and this we were bound to do , without any dictation towards Spain , which had ever been most studiously avoided by his majesty 's government . Could any one be so little read in history , so little versed in the transactions of modern times , as not to know , ibr it was notorious , that in almost 214 every instance , governments so situated had been admitted to participate in negociations , without any notion being entertained that such admission amounted to the smallest concession on either side ? Who did not know , that in the last war , of which Spain was the theatre , the war of the Succession , in which Great Britain supported the archduke Charles , and France the duke of Anjou , that in that war there was no exclusion of the existing government from negociation , nor was the demand to admit that government to the negociation considered as amounting to any application for preliminary concession . If we looked farther back , to the war which separated the Low Countries from Spain , we should not find that during the whole of its continuance , the admission of the existing government as a party to negociation was ever considered concession , nor was any attempt ever made to exclude it from any negociation . It was in the year 1576 , that the Low Countries first rose to resist the authority of the king of Spain , and the independence of the United Provinces had not been recognized formally till the peace of Munster in 1648 . During the whole of that period , the existing government of the United Provinces had been admitted to negociate , without such admission having been considered a concession . In demanding , therefore , that the government de-facto of Spain should be admitted a party to the negociation , we demanded the lowest possible , condition of the enemy ; at a later period this country might