such a mockery of inquiry before . The person who proposed the Committee , and those of whom it was to be composed , was himself at the head of the Board of Controul , and nearly connected with its founder ; and , therefore , it was to be presumed , that none of the Committee could be so uncivil as to open the lip against that system , or deny its utility . And though the marquis could not be on that Committee , yet care was taken to place his connections there ; and the right hon . baronet ( sir John Anstruther ) , who was the friend of the marquis Wellesley , and had been intimately connected with his system in his capacity of Chief Judge of Bengal , was to be the Chairman of this Committee ! Would the hon . and learned baronet say a word upon the despotic system of the marquis Wellesley ? But then it might be said , that two of the Directors were there . These Directors were , however , suing the Committee for money , something in the manner of paupers , and they were , out of doors , suing the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Dundas ) for a renewal of their charter . It was not probable , under these circumstances , that they would be very obstinate in their objections to whatever policy the right hon . gent . should approve . But it might be said again , how could we get information on these subjects , unless the Committee was composed of such as were most conversant with these matters ? The best way to come at information was by the examination of records and of witnesses . Those persons most capable of giving information , might be examined by impartial though unlearned persons , and much more good would result . As a confirmation of this he mentioned the result of the labours of the unlearned Committee of Mr. Burke , which by the examination of witnesses and records , had produced a Re- 1037 port abounding in information . The information given in by lord Melville 's Committee was not so profound and ample ; but the Reports of both were admirable , when compared with the miserable production of last year by these knowing gentlemen , He blamed the Committee also for not producing the document for which he had moved last year . It was the very worst Committee that could be appointed , if the object was to give accurate information to the public . The great object of Buonaparte was to get to India ; and he had already attempted to pave the way to that object . He had been successful at the court of Persia ; and if he could reach our Indian possessions , he could not have two better allies than the embarrassment of the finances and the alienation of the natives . A Committee of this kind was calculated to preclude , and not to elicit information , and therefore he protested against it . thought it rather an odd way of selecting a Committee , to fix upon those persons who were ignorant of the business to come before that Committee , to the . exclusion of those who were informed upon the subject . The hon . gent . had objected to him ( sir A. Wellesley ) in a pointed , he might almost say in a personal manner , but he appealed to that hon . gent . as to the line of conduct pursued by him in the course of the proceedings of the late Committee . He begged leave to observe , that it could not be owing to any material difference as to the sincerity of his views with respect to East India politics , for he ( sir Arthur ) had divided with that hon . gent . on a question of no trifling importance , that had been before that Committee , and he did assure that hon . gent. , that of this he might be sure