and except in special instances . said , that it was incumbent on the house to take care that these letters were returned to the witness , in case it should appear that lie had any lien upon them . He might retain them as security for rent , and it would not be right to deprive him of that security , particularly as it was not in evidence before the committee that these letters had any relation whatever to the subject of 641 the inquiry . If there was any thing in them that bore upon the question before the committee , it certainly would be right that they should be forthcoming . observed , that the property of the witness in these letters would not be destroyed by their being laid on the table of the house of commons . The house had an undoubted right to retain and examine them . It would be proper to ask the witness how he came by them . said that the witness had probably read them then , and therefore would be able to state whether they related to sales of commissions . objected to the letters being read . objected strongly to the production of these letters , and blamed the committee for the course they were pursuing . They might contain Mrs. C. 's private amours for what they knew , and ought not to be heard , unless the lion , gent , would state that he had good grounds for believing they would throw light on his charges . with permission of the committee , begged leave to state all that he knew respecting these letters . He was informed by Mrs. Clarke that she had burned a great number of letters relating to transactions which were the subject or the inquiry before the house , and that she had given some of them to the witness to have them destroyed . A few days ago she learned that he had not destroyed them . He ( col. W. ) went yesterday to Hampstead , and demanded the letters of the witness , He said he had no objection to give them up to Mrs. C , on her sending a receipt for them . It afterwards appeared from a letter he had written her that be had changed his mind . objected to the reading of such a mass of papers , which were not known to pertain to the business before the Committee , and might perhaps be improper , as well as unnecessary . He proposed that a small Committee might be appointed to select what were proper , and lay them before the Committee . who had loudly opposed the withdrawing of the witness with the papers , said , that if the right hon . gent . had consulted the interests of the country , or of the Duke of York , he would not thus have interposed . He contended , that if any papers were referred to a Select Committee , the country would imagine they contained things which the house wished to be concealed . It would not do , after all the irrelevant mailer that had been admitted in their proceedings , to shut their eyes now . They must go on , since they had once begun . proposed that the letters I should be delivered to Mr. Wardle , who might make the selection of such as were necessary to elucidate the matter he had brought before the house . His fair and manly course would justify this confidence . thought there was no apprehension as to the letters being destroyed , after being brought voluntarily to the bar . This was a difficult point to decide . He could not think of receiving letters in evidence which could not be proved as written by any one ; which might be anonymous , and full of lies . He also disapproved of Mr. Whitbread 's suggestion , and without meaning any disrespect to Mr. Wardle , was sure that hon . gent , would agree with him , that to be placed in the situation