, and on the conduct of ministers as connected with it . He would now inquire what was the duty of their lordships . Was it to sit silent at the present momentous crisis , 28 when the eyes of the country and of Europe were directed to them ? Now , more than ever , the salvation of the stale depended upon the wisdom of their decisions . He ardently wished , that while the governments of the earth were crumbling around them , they would vigilantly attend to the dangers to which the British empire was exposed , augmented as they daily were by the indiscretion of those to whom the conduct of public affairs had been unhappily entrusted . while he approved of the exertions made by ministers in favour of the Spanish Patriots , could not refrain from expressing his disapprobation of the manner in which our gallant troops were employed ; and no man more lamented than he did the mistakes which had placed them in situations which rendered them incapable of displaying those energies for which British soldiers are every where characterised . He wished to avoid pledging himself to any measure whatever , until ministers laid fully before the House their motives for their conduct . reprobated the Address , as in many respects disingenuous , particularly in the attempt which it made to screen ministers , by shifting the blame of the Convention of Cintra from their own shoulders to those of the officers who commanded the expedition in Portugal . If there was an error of judgment any where , it was to be charged on his majesty 's ministers , who had placed those officers in a situation which reduced them to the necessity of acceding to such terms . The conduct of ministers in rejecting the proposal of America , he must also reprobate . It would lead to the worst consequences . It would throw America into the arms of France , and tend to separate the new from the old world , which must deeply wound the commercial prosperity of this country . The Lord Chancellor combatted the opinions of his noble and learned friend . Nothing could be more unfounded than the idea which some noble lords seemed to entertain , that the government of this country seemed to be actuated by a spirit of hostility towards America . They harboured no such feeling , on the contrary , they were sensible that the interests of the two countries were closely connected ; but that England must maintain her dignity , her rights , and her laws : otherwise , indeed , she would soon prove but an unavailing friend to America or any other coun- 29 try . Nothing could be more unfounded than the charge of disingenuousness , brought against the Address by his noble and learned friend . What was there disingenuous in it ? It did not preclude the house from the fullest investigation of any of the measures it had referred to , but left them open for future discussion and censure . In the reference it made to the Armistice and Convention , it did not intend any reflection upon the military conduct of the officers concerned in them . It rather had in contemplation circumstances of a mixed nature , rather political than military , and these most probably it was of which his majesty has declared his disapprobation . When all these measures came hereafter to be discussed , noble lords would find themselves fully at liberty to treat them according to the judgment they might then form of them . Their concurrence in the Address at the present moment would not preclude them from that liberty . vindicated ministers from the reproaches bestowed on them ; and merely indicated , that they were ready to discuss the various subjects mentioned , whenever the noble lords on the opposite tide chose . said , that several parts of the Address might bear the interpretation of committing the house ; as it was said , for instance , that they heard 'with satisfaction , ' that his majesty had