the medium of his Commissioners in that house , and at once convincing them that their interests would be scrupulously attended to . It was of the utmost importance that we should place before the Spanish nation , in the strongest point of view , the good will and kindness which they would experience from us on the one hand , and the injuries which they must feel from the attempted usurpation on the other . It was under these circumstances that ministers advised his majesty to return that Answer , and he was still convinced that it was the only Answer that ought to have been returned , consistently with the honour and character of the country . expressed his perfect concurrence in the opinion delivered by the noble secretary of state , that no confidence could or ought to be placed in the offer of negotiation made by the Russian and French governments from Erfurth . When such a confederacy was formed , it was almost a duty to doubt the sincerity of that offer ; hut when it was coupled with a proposal for the abandonment of the Spanish people , he believed , there was not a man in that house or in the kingdom who could have hesitated for a moment , as to the line of conduct the British government ought to have pursued . When he was first acquainted with the communication from Erfurth , the first question which occurred for his consideration was , to resoive the inducements which operated with the head of the French government to make this otter of negotiation . Three motives presented themselves to him as operating on the French ruler : the first was , to create a strong wish for peace among the people of this country , and to excite a popular feeling , that the blessings of peace were not the object 172 of those entrusted with the management of the national concerns . The second was , the presumption that his majesty , miscalculating the feelings of his people , would have acted on these supposed prepossessions , and have entered on a negotiation in a seeming compliance with those wishes . The last hope was to profit by his old stratagem , of imputing to G. Britain the principle of unnecessary hostility , and of a desire to prolong , for its selfish purposes , the calamities arising from the continuance of hostilities . This delusion he had long practised upon the different States of Europe . Had this country but acceded to his proffer of pacification , he would not have failed to draw from that conduct inferences degrading to its character , and injurious to the best interests of the empire . Besides , the very entertainment of the proposition , without first demanding the acknowledgment of the independence of them , would have surely excited amongst that people a justifiable distrust and suspicion of the purity of British co-operation . Such were his opinions on the propriety of his majesty 's Declaration ; but in delivering that conviction , he wished to be understood , as considering his majesty 's government responsible to the parliament and to the public , for those consequent measures , which they advised and executed , with a view of assisting the people of Spain , in their endeavours against the iniquitous usurpation of France . maintained , that it was impossible to have done more towards supporting the cause of Spain , than had been done by his majesty 's ministers . The boast of Buonaparte , that he would , within the space of two months , be in possession of the Spanish capital , could not possibly have been in his conception , at the time of making it . If any man , however , supposed that the cause of Spain was now hopeless , and that it ought to be abandoned , he , for one , must express a contrary opinien . So long as the Spaniards continued true to themselves , so long would Britain continue true to them . It was the determination of his