moment he left the room , he never asked the witness a question respecting this business , nor had the slightest intention of it . stated , that it was in the recollection of the Committee , most probably , that the account which his hon . friend had given of his conversation with the witness , was merely an answer to her question , who was then examining . asked if there were other witnesses to be produced ? and Mr. Wardle declared himself satisfied to let his case rest there . spoke to order . He did not think it was regular or usual for a member bringing forward a charge , to undergo an examination , to disclose where and how he got his information . observed , that it had been determined , in more instances than one , that no member had a right to examine another , except in a Committee of Inquiry . In this case the house was in that situation , and it was proper that any member , who could give any information , or throw any light on the subject , should be examined ; for instance , a member , Mr. Bid- 298 dulph , had been directed to attend in his place this day , for the purpose of being examined , and if he did not attend , the Mouse would consider it their duty to send for him . I wish to be informed if the hon . gent , intends to answer the question put to him or not ? ( A loud cry of Chair ! Chair ! ) said it was not the intention of his learned friend ( the Attorney-General ) to put questions to impeach the veracity of the hon , member , but for the purpose of comparing the communications which he had received from Mrs. Clarke , with the evidence which she had given , with a view to impeach her veracity . thought that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) was precipitate in putting the question which he had done to Mr. Wardle , as he thought his fatigue afforded a claim for further time . was anxious to know what course the hon . 310 member who had brought forward this question intended to pursue . He trusted the hon . gent , would be ready to bring forward his next charge on Friday . Indeed , he was aware , after what had already transpired , the examination of the other Witnesses could not be drawn into any great length . At all events , it was most desirable that no unnecessary delay should intervene . was as desirous as any gentleman could be , that the business might be proceeded in with every possible dispatch . It would however be necessary , for him to wait the arrival from Spain of several essential witnesses , among others capt . Huxley Sandon , and maj.-gen. French . Indeed , he could not well say when they might arrive , as no return having been made of the killed and wounded , it was even impossible to say whether they were living or not . observed , that by sending the names of the officers intended to be called as witnesses , to the war-office , it might easily be ascertained whether they had arrived or not , or whether it was likely they might soon arrive . could not forbear expressing his surprise and regret that any lion , member should have been so precipitate in giving notice of a motion , and in laying down the grounds of it , before he had ascertained whether the witnesses which were to be called to substantiate his charges were or were not in readiness to attend . Was it of so light and inconsiderate a thing , to insinuate such serious charges against any individual , much less an individual of the high rank and station of the Commander in Chief , without having the immediate means of proving whether they were well founded or not ? contended , that no man