case , in direct opposition to the principles of these laws , which was , that a trader having given up all his effects , ought to be free from all claims contracted before the period of that bankruptcy . The most numerous class of debts of this kind consisted of those for which some one else was liable as security . These surety debts did not legally arise till after the commission . The consequence was , they could not be proved under the commission , and the consequence of that again was , that the bankrupt was still liable . The remedy which he meant to propose for this was , that the sureties 1142 might prove their debts under the commission , provided they paid them at any time before the final dividend . The effect of this would be , that the bankrupt would be exempt from any liability for these debts upon obtaining his certificate.—The second defect under the existing Bankrupt Laws was that the assignees were in the habit of using the bankrupt 's effects for their own advantage , and of speculating with the property before the dividends , as if it were their own . The consequences , as he himself had witnessed , often were , that the assignee became bankrupt , and the creditors had , in the end , only the remainder , after a bankruptcy upon a bankruptcy . A remedy for this had been proposed some time ago in the house of lords , and a Bill brought in to affix certain heavy penalties to the offence . The object might be attained with out so severe and troublesome an operation . Though the creditors had the power of appointing a bank where the property should be placed , yet at present it often happened that they neglected to do this , and that the property remained under the controul of the assignees . The remedy which he intended to propose was , that if the creditors did not appoint a bank to receive the property , at an early period , the Commissioners should be bound to do it ; and that , if after that the assignees should retain any part of the property , it should be imperious upon the Commissioners to charge 20 per cent on the money so retained . He imagined that this would be sufficient to prevent the abuse , or at least that it would go a much greater way towards that desirable object than any severe penalties that might be enacted.—The third defect in the system was , the expence and uncertainty of proceedings under Commissions of Bankruptcy . In actions by the assignees to recover debts due to the estate , it was incumbent on them to prove an Act of Bankruptcy , and a petitioning creditor 's debt , and in many instances the debtors of Bankrupts were induced to withhold the payment of their debts , in the hope that the assignees might find it impossible to establish them . The remedy which he would propose was , that in actions by the assignees , that they should not be obliged to prove the proceedings as above stated , unless the defendant gave notice some time before that he meant to contest any of these points . And he would also propose that the mode of recovering from the assignees should not be by action 1143 as at present , but by petition to the Chancellor—The fourth amendment which he would submit to the house , was , of all the other points , that of the greatest importance . This was , to take from the creditors the power which they possessed , without any controul , and without the obligation to assign a reason , of refusing a certificate to the bankrupt when they chose . He requested of the house to consider the situation of an uncertificated bankrupt ; he could acquire no property , for whatever he gained might be instantly seized upon by the assignees ; his industry was lost to himself and to his country , and he was