to the consequences arising from its being now at the price of 17s . per gallon . The fact was , that the increased price of spirits had the effect of increasing the consumption of malt in the breweries , instead of the consumption of grain in the distilleries , besides producing the best effect upon the morals of the people . When it was said that the encouragement to the legal distillation would put down illicit distillation , it was not advocated in Con-naught , and almost the whole of Ulster were formerly , as now , dealing in illicit traffic of that nature . Orders were issued to send two revenue cutters to intercept the grain and spirits so produced , and that 1047 measure was proved to have had a beneficial effect in suppressing illicit stills ; but it had been of late discontinued , he knew not why.—He could not agree with t the right hon . gent. , that the lower order of the people were the only class that encouraged illicit distillation ; for in his opinion , the higher orders were equally participators and encouragers of that traffic , and he had heard gentlemen of respectability defend them on the same principles as had been uttered this night . He thought the higher class were much more culpable than the lower . A bounty had been given upon the higher species of stills , which made it impossible for the lower or smaller stills to be so much employed as they otherwise would have been . The only reason for this was , that the higher stills were more easily watched than the smaller ones ; but it was not adverted to , that the higher description of stills required much more capital to work them , and could only be employed by wealthy inhabitants . The effect of this was that the market was taken from the door of the former , and operated as an encouragement to malt distillation . The farmers in Ireland had not the advantage of navigation to convey their grain to market , and therefore they found the small stills the most beneficial . Upon that ground , then , it was evident that one cause of complaint would be removed by taking away the bounty upon large stills , and placing them on a footing with the smaller ones ; for , by that means , the incentive to illicit distillation , would be completely removed . The right hon . gent . then entered into a comparison of the prices of grain for the last 3 years , by which he shewed that they were higher at present than formerly , and therefore if it were wise to put a stop to the distillation from grain in May , it was much more necessary now . It was a serious thing to advise the distillation from grain , when there were evident grounds for apprehending a scarcity . He begged the house to pause before they adopted such a measure as that now proposed ; and the more especially , as in the North of Ireland there were apprehensions of a want of employment for the flax spinners , in consequence of the dearness of flax . If any increase in the price of provisions took place at a time when there was a diminution of labour , let ministers not be surprised that discontents should remain . When there were petitions from Belfast and from Waterford , places quite distinct and unconnected 1048 with each other , and therefore no common interest nor concern between them as to this particular measure , it was evident that there was nothing operated upon their minds , but the scarcity which the people of Ireland thought likely to arise from it . —These were striking and strong facts ; but there was also another which he might advert to , which was , that a very large proportion of the potatoe-pits had been opened ; and in consequence of the floods , the potatoes had been found to be rotten ; and he begged the house to