earl contended , that an inquiry was absolutely necessary , and concluded by moving , `` That this house do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house , to take into consideration the State of the Nation . '' thought the noble earl had not been correctly informed upon many of the topics on which he had spoken : to go through the whole of them , in the manner proposed by the noble earl , would take up at least two sessions . The noble earl had spoken of some improper paragraphs that had appeared in a public journal , reflecting upon the conduct of a noble lord on the other side , his noble friend ; others might be quoted reflecting upon the conduct of other noble lords . Agreeing with the noble earl in his sentiments , respecting the liberty or the press , he trusted that if the press went beyond its due limits , its licentiousness would be punished . As to the propriety of any new law , upon the subject of which the noble earl had spoken , he should deliver no opinion until the case was made out . He could only speak upon most of the topics alluded to by the noble earl , from the same information which the noble earl seemed to rely upon , and which had been chiefly derived from the public journals ; he did not think , therefore , that the house was at all in a state to go into the inquiry proposed by the noble earl , nor did he think the mode proposed was that which the house ought to adopt . Noble lords , on the other side , had moved for information upon different points , and when in possession of that information , they could bring those points distinctly before the house ; but the general inquiry proposed by the noble earl was not , in his opinion , the mode of inquiry which ought to be adopted.—With respect to the campaign in Spain and Portugal , the plan , as far as he was informed , was good , in being , as he contended , an object of great importance to Spain , and also to this country , to free Portugal from the French , thereby relieving the Spaniards from the enemy in their rear , and at the same time opening the Tagus to our trade , and relieving our old ally . It was afterwards intended to support the armies of Blake and Castanos , that if necessary the army of the latter should retreat to the South , and that our army should retreat to Portugal to defend that country against the French . It unfortunately happened that the armies of Blake and Castanos were destroyed , and that there was no Spanish 384 army for our army to join.—With respect to the Convention in Portugal , his majesty 's ministers , abiding by the decision of the Court of Inquiry , with respect to the military part of it , had distinctly disapproved of the diplomatic part . With respect to the subject generally , he thought the motion of the noble earl not the mode in which any inquiry ought to be instituted . urged the necessity of inquiry in the mode proposed by the noble earl , by which all the facts might be brought before the house , relating to those events which had happened within the last six months , and which loudly demanded inquiry . was surprized that any objection should be made to going into the proposed inquiry , after ministers had so recently and repeatedly declared their readiness and their anxiety to meet inquiry with respect to their conduct . By the inquiry proposed by the noble earl , all the facts respecting that conduct would be elicited , and the house enabled to form its judgment . In the course of that inquiry they would be enabled to ascertain the instructions given to officers in command , and the discretion which was left to those officers . It might be said ,