point , we have a recent document to refer to for information . In papers which were laid before Parliament in the beginning of the year 1806 , just after the failure of the third coalition , there appears a Memoir from the court of Vienna to that of St. Petersburg , stating the amount of force which France could probably bring against the allied Powers . From this document it appears that the French force was then estimated at 500,000 men , exclusive of the imperial guards , which consisted of 15,000 men . This was the opinion of the court of Vienna before France had over-run Germany and Poland and some other countries of Europe , and previously to her connection with Russia . The disposable force of France must , therefore , have been since considerably increased ; and it was consequently most material for this country , before it adopted any measure whatever , to consider well the propriety of employing her troops in Spain , where there was a likelihood of such immense numbers being brought against them . Never , I believe , was sympathy so strong , as that evinced in England in favour of the Spanish cause . Yet , though such had been the enthusiasm of the nation at large , and however ardent the people might be in lending assistance to support such a glorious struggle , it was the duty of those , who were intrusted with the management of the national force , to consider in every point of view the propriety or impropriety of complying with the po- 50 pular feeling . That was perhaps the feeling of the moment , but ministers were bound to consult for the permanent interests of the public , and it was therefore their duty to investigate and ascertain by every possible mode , whether they ought to risk an English army at all in Spain , or confine their assistance to the supplies I have mentioned . I do not wish to impute blame to them for having sent a British force to Spain , if the Spaniards themselves applied for it , and if it was the opinion of competent judges , that there was a probability of enabling them thereby to keep the field against their powerful enemy . We have instances in our history of our having been before in a similar situation and under similar circumstances . The independence of the United Provinces was effected principally by the assistance of England . Queen Elizabeth for her own safety , against the designs of Spain , assisted those who revolted against its tyranny and oppression ; and I wish that ministers had adverted , in the present instance , to the conduct of that wise princess , and her wise administaation . None of the present ministry can think themselves disgraced by a comparison with lord Burleigh ; and yet we find that queen Elizabeth , pressed as she was by the power , the rancour , the persevering hostility of Spain , did not hazard the whole force of her dominions , nor proceed to send any number of troops abroad , without some assurance of safety in case of disaster . She , by the advice of her ministers , took care to possess what were called cautionary towns , and thereby assured herself of a retreat , and gained a safe point whither to send reinforcements , as well as a security that the United Provinces should not abandon her in the contest in which they were engaged . I know not what has taken place between the English and Spanish governments upon that subject ; but , I perceive , that in his Majesty 's late Declaration it is stated , that certain obligations exist which are considered equally binding as the most solemn treaty . From what I yet know of the matter , I can not agree in the propriety of any such sentiment : I should not , however , think of abandoning them in the hour of misfortune ; but I can not admit , that we should consider