it was upon his march thither , that he fell a victim to excessive fatigue only 48 hours before the battle , in which , but for this premature fate , he would have borne a distinguished part . He took the opportunity of mentioning this subject to the noble lord , with a view to ask , if such a gratification could be conceded to the wishes of general Anstruther 's family . answered , that he had every wish to acknowledge the eminent services of the gallant general , and that he felt every disposition to do honour to his memory ; but on the present occasion , he feared it was not compatible with the usage of parliament , to name any officers but those who were actually present . bore strong testimony to the distinguished gallantry of gen. Anstriuther . He was confident , had it been consistent with parliamentary usage , his name would have been included in the vote of the house . concurred in the same sentiments , and added , that the gallant general 's name had twice before been included in the thanks of the house . adverting to the signal instance of bravery evinced by a gallant relation of the noble lord opposite to him at Benevente , where at the head of some pickets of British cavalry , he attacked and defeated a body of the enemy 's horse , wished to know if so signal an exploit was not deserving of particular mention in the thanks of the house . said , that however brilliant the conduct of his gallant relation had been upon the affair to which the honourable general alluded , it would be departing from the uniform usage of parliament to thank individual officers for actions with detachments . rose , pursuant to his notice , and spoke to the following effect : — Fully aware , Sir , of the great importance of the subject I am about to submit to the consideration of the House , I most sincerely lament that my 180 abilities are unequal to do it complete justice . — But yet I trust that an ardent zeal for the welfare of my country , supported by facts strong and incontrovertible , will enable me to surmount every difficulty , and eventually to rescue the state from the baneful influence of a power which has long been exercised for the worst of purposes , and which , in fact , tends to endanger our ultimate security . To stand forward the public accuser of a man so high in rank and so strong in influence as the Commander in Chief , may very naturally be deemed no less a bold than an arduous undertaking . But , however bold , however arduous it may be , being determined that no consideration of that nature shall ever induce any hesitation or wavering in the performance of my duty either upon this or upon any other occasion , my mind is fully made up for perseverance . In the resolution I have formed , it is but reasonable for me to calculate upon the concurrence and co-operation of this House and the country . For , at a crisis of peculiar peril , when the great , if not the only means of our safety , may depend upon the judicious organization and able direction of our military force , every man in the community must feel a lively interest in the object which my motion has in view . I trust , therefore , his r. h. the duke of York will this night find , that however exalted his rank , however powerful his influence , the voice of the people , through their representatives , will prevail over corruption , and justice will be done to the calls of a long-suffering and meritorious body , to the best , to the vital interests the people . In the course which I am pursuing , I feel conscious of no motive but that of a desire to serve my country , and I am confident that none other can be