, that , in his own opinion , the presence of the British army . 1065 in Spain was at that time indispensibly necessary , in order to connect the Spaniards among themselves , in order to induce a co-operation which otherwise could not exist , to effect a communication between the northern and southern forces , and had assigned that as a reason for concluding the Armistice and the Convention . But when the gallant general went to Portugal , the plan of the campaign was decided ; there was no longer any room for deliberation ; there was no longer any room to act upon any information that might be received with regard to Spain . After the noble lord had directed his force to the Tagus , it became impossible to apply any force in favour of Spain until that expedition was in some way or other concluded . I do not mean , I am sure , to revive the debate which has already taken place with regard to the transactions in Portugal . It is a subject fresh in the recollection of the house , and there is nothing to induce me to renew it ( Hear ! hear ! ) —After the Convention in Portugal was concluded , the British force , consisting of 30,000 men , was a disposable force , to be applied as his majesty 's ministers thought proper . Upon the:30th August the Convention was signed , and the campaign in Portugal was then at an end . I desire , then , to know why it was that such a length of time elapsed between the conclusion of the Convention of Cintra , and the 16th day of October , when sir John Moore proceeded on his march from Portugal for Spain ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The gallant general ( sir A. Wellesley ) , although he obeyed the noble lord , did it under the conviction of the absolute necessity of a British army entering Spain ; the Spaniards themselves declared that necessity ; he agreed with them , as he saw they wanted the British army to form a connection between the different armies as a great bond of union , cement , and co-operation . I desire then to know why , between those two periods , no steps were taken to move the force of sir J. Moore to the assistance of the Spaniards . Upon the 13th of October , sir David Baird arrived at Corunna , with a force inferior to that of sir John Moore , but intended for conjunction and co-operation with him ; and , as appears from the Papers before the house , not for the purpose of separate action . It was not until the 27th of October that his army was disembarked at Corunna . Up to the 27th of Sept. , I have heard it said , that none of the Juntas could be called the Supreme Junta , but that upon that day the Central Supreme 1066 Junta was installed at Madrid , and yet it was said to have been necessary to wait from the 13th of October to the 27th of that month , until that army could obtain permission from the Supreme Junta to land in the North of Spain . I desire to know , if none of the agents of the ministers in Spain had informed our general of what was going on in that country , and of the time when it was necessary that the army should assume its situation and exercise its functions . It does not appear that they had any person called an accredited minister or ambassador in that country , until Mr. Frere was sent , and he , too , does not appear to have arrived at Madrid , until the 7th of Nov . Ought not such a communication at least to have been kept up with the executive body , as that the general arriving with the force could know whether the Spaniards would receive them or not ? and how was it to be accounted for ,