that so much time elapsed before any information could be obtained by sir David Baird , when he reached Corunna , as to whether he would be received as a friend by those whom he went to assist ? I do not mean to insinuate any disparagement of Mr. Frere , and I do not wish to detract from his merits , which may be as great as those of any man whatever in his majesty 's service , in his official duty , but in my humble opinion Mr. Frere was not the proper person to be sent to Spain ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) . A military man was the proper person to be sent to that country . It was essentially a military appointment , or it was nothing . If the whole population of the country was not disposed to take up arms in its own defence , and ready to be organized by the then existing government in order to act with us against France , I say there was no chance of success in Spain , nor would it have been safe for us to employ a military force in its defence.—I say , therefore , that the proper person to be sent upon that occasion was a military , and not a civil officer . But , as I before stated , sir John Moore moved for Spain , on the 16th of October ; on the 8th of Nov. , he reached Salamanca , and on the 14th was followed and joined by most part of his army , which indeed , upon that day , may tie considered as having been assembled at that place . It may be for the house to consider how he was employed all this time . The force , which the Emperor of the French had originally sent to Spain and Portugal , had been found inadequate 1067 for his purposes ; the surrender of Dupont had weakened it , and broken the connection between its different parts , so that in short , all the remnant of that French force , retiring towards the extremities of Spain , was found concentrated in Navarre . The emperor of the French himself had not , at that time , a sufficient force immediately disposable to enable him to accomplish his purpose , and he found it incumbent upon him to withdraw from the banks of the Danube and the Vistula , from Germany , Prussia , and Poland , those troops which had been engaged in the Polish campaign . The distance they had to march was prodigious , and they had no maritime means , such as this country possessed , to enable them to move with that expedition and celerity which the urgency of the occasion rendered unnecessary . They lost no time , however , in marching forward to join and co-operate with their companions in arms in the interior of Spain . The French emperor himself , too , quitted his capital to meet the emperor of Russia at Erfurth , and no sooner were the matters to be concerted between them adjusted , than he returned and declared to his Legislative Body , the Senate , his intention to proceed to crown his brother at Madrid , and to complete the subjugation of Spain . On the 5th of November Buonaparté arrived in Spain , nine days before the British army had reached Salamanca , and placed himself at the head of that army which had come from the shores of the Danube and the Vistula . What was the cause of the feebleness of the one power , compared with the energy and activity of the other ? I desire to know , why the most effectual means were not taken to secure the immediate junction and co-operation of our forces with those of Spain ? It is well known that this country can not furnish a military force at all equal , in point of number , to the military force of France , and therefore it appears the more necessary that when you are to