effected its retreat as it did.—Sir , in order to account for these proceedings , it is necessary that this house should institute the fullest inquiry ; it is necessary to know in what situation sir David Baird and sir John Moore found that country , when they advanced into it ; whether that enthusiastic spirit which could alone have saved the Spaniards from destruction , actually existed ; it is necessary to know whether they were willing and cordial in their assistance to the English army ; whether they received them as deliverers , or as their guests , with love , or with jealousy and fear , and to ascertain what the British army had to rely upon , when they found themselves in the presence of a great hos- 1071 tile army . We must necessarily institute this inquiry , in order to determine whether it was wise or not for his majesty 's ministers thus to hazard , in the heart of Spain , one of the best armies that has ever been sent out of this country . It is necessary to know what military force sir John Moore found to co-operate and unite with him , and whether he found any thing in the field of battle , except the British and the French soldiers . Perhaps it may be said by ministers , that the Spaniards did not discover all that cordiality and co-operation with ns in the cause in which we were mutually engaged , that was expected . Can it be proper , or can it be admitted , that ministers shall say this after they have involved the country in such a ruinous , unproductive , and inglorious struggle ? The retreat under these most inauspicious circumstances commenced , and what was the consequence of that retreat ? In that retreat you lost all your ammunition , all your magazines , above 5,000 horses , and I fear , a much greater number of men , than the gallant general opposite ( gen. Stewart ) thought proper to state to the house , when he said that they amounted only to between 4,000 and 5,000 ( Hear ! ) . Our loss was great in consequence of that disastrous retreat , commenced under circumstances , which shew , that , had we trusted to the prudence of the commander , it might have been avoided . Is it not true that a retreat had been previously ordered ; that an advance was made ; and that a retreat was again commanded to be made ? and is it not necessary for us to inquire whether this was owing to the misconduct of those at the head of the army , or of those at the head of his majesty 's councils ? —Deeply as we must lament the loss of those gallant officers and soldiers who have fallen upon this occasion , and deeply as we may lament the success of the enemy , it is not , perhaps , so necessary in the eyes of Englishmen , as it may be in regard to the continental powers , to free ourselves from that injurious opinion as to our military character , which must float in their minds from these transactions . Do not let us forget this , that , although we have obtained glory and renown , for our military bravery , England has for ever lost its fame and character , as a military nation . Were you to propose to send your soldiers again , as an encouragement and an aid to other foreign powers , upon any future occasion , what would be the answer ? It would be , `` No ! No ! your troops are good and 1072 brave ; your officers are skilful , intelligent , and courageous ; but there is something in the councils of England , or in the nature and manner of the application of her force , that renders it impossible ever to place any reliance upon her military assistance . '' We have seen already what passed in the last war with France . When