as by the application of his maritime superiority to the exercise of his unquestionable right of preventing any intercourse whatever between neutral nations and the colonics of his enemies during war . What , however , had been our conduct ? Ministers had asserted the acquiescence of neutrals , but had totally failed in their attempts to prove it ; and having so failed , they abandoned and violated the principle they had distinctly rocognised in the preamble to the Orders , wherein the acquiescence of neutrals is described as the basis of that measure . We had therefore invaded the indisputable rights of neutral States , and improvidently surrendered our own . Those branches of their trade which we . ought , in justice , to have spared , we had in effect prohibited ; and those which we ought to have prohibited , we had taken credit for having spared : he said , in effect prohibited , because it was impossible that America could have submitted to such a combination of indignity and injustice.—With respect to those injurious branches of American commerce , which have been too 790 long permitted to exist , and which , instead of being prohibited , had been sanctioned by the Orders in Council , he quoted Mr. Erskine 's letter to Mr. Maddison , of the 23d of Feb. 1808 ; ( p. 244 ) `` It will not escape you , that by this Order in Council , thus modified and regulated , the direct intercourse of the United States with the colonies of the enemy is unrestrained ; an indulgence , which , when it is considered to be ( as it really is ) not only a mitigation of that principle of just reprisal upon which the order itself is framed , but a deviation in favour of the United States , from that ancient and established principle of maritime law , by which the intercourse with the colonies of the enemy in time of war is limited to the extent which that enemy was accustomed in time of peace to prescribe for it , and which , by reference to the conduct of France in time of peace , would amount to a complete interdiction , can not fail to afford to the American government a proof of the amicable disposition of his majesty towards the United States.— You will observe , also that the transportation of the colonial produce of the enemy from the United States to Europe , instead of being altogether prohibited ( which would have been the natural retaliation for the rigorous and universal prohibit ion of British produce and manufactures by France ) , is freely permitted to the ports of ( heat Britain , with the power of re-exporting it to any part of Europe under certain regulations '' — It appeared , therefore , that Mr. Erskine had been instructed to take credit for the continued relaxation of an unquestionable and most important right , which instead of compromising , Lord S. contended , the British Government ought to have re-asserted , and enforced.— On the subject of the Regulations to which Mr. Erskine had adverted , Lord S. remarked , that they were not consistent with the policy of these Orders , which was , to inflict the inconveniences of privation upon the enemy , and to subject him to all the evils with which he had threatened this country . But so far from adhering to this principle , Ministers had determined to take the chance of exchanging , in most instances , the advantages of total privation for those which might arise from an increase of charge to the enemy upon the cargoes of neutral vessels forced into our ports for the purpose of being permitted to depart upon no other condition but that of becoming tributary to our own revenue , which was thus to be augmented 791 by an unjust and insulting exaction levied upon the trade of neutral and independent States : and this system is described by the term of mitigated retaliation ! The produce of those duties was , it appeared 32,000l.