surely of importance to know whether that country was to maintain its shadow of independence , or destined speedily to fall into the hands of France . He regretted that no information had been given on the points which he had mentioned , and concluded a very able and argumentative speech by observing , that though there were several parts of the Address of which he disapproved , yet having specified these , he did not think it necessary to divide the house on the subject of that Address . in reply , re- 70 marked , that the hon . gent . in the same breath in which he told the house , that the present crisis ought to he peculiarly exempt from political party feeling , intimated that ministers should be put upon their trial , and that they probably deserved condign punishment . For his part , he was not aware that this was the light in which he and his coadjutors stood . Certainly his majesty 's ministers stood in a situation of responsibility , but not of culpability . They had done their duty in following up the feelings of the country , and in using the means intrusted to them in support of that great cause which had excited those feelings ; if there should be failure , that failure would not be the result of accidental or intentional omission on their part ; and the hon . gent . had shewn that he and his friends had not agreed on the principle of their accusation . He had heard only two of the Committee of Accusers , and he confessed , that if before the rising of parliament last session he had had the advantage of hearing the opinion of those two , and of reading the pamphlet attributed to one of them , instead of an increase of light , he should have experienced an increase of perplexity.—The hon . gent . who had just spoken , echoing his published opinion , ( if it actually was his , of which he sometimes doubted , ) seemed to consider the course to be pursued by government so plain that they could scarcely do ill by going wrong . The other hon . gent . on the contrary appeared to think that no step ought to be taken without the most mature deliberation ; that whatever was done in haste must be done erroneously , and that it was the duty of ministers to hesitate and resist the impulse of popular feeling , as unequivocally and consentaneously expressed by every class of the community . But ministers had adopted a line of conduct , which , though not consonant exactly to the recommendation of either of these gentlemen , would , he trusted , be found preferable to the plans of both . Keeping in view the consentaneous and ardent feeling of the nation in favour of Spain , his majesty 's ministers reserved to themselves the consideration of the most eligible means of applying the national resources to the object in view , taking care to proportion the aid to the necessity.— As to the propriety of deliberation , so much insisted upon by the right hon . gent . on the other side , the position was undeniable . The right hon . gent . was right in his principle ; but he 71 seemed resolved to atone for that rectitude by being exceedingly wrong in its application . The state of the case called for prompt exertion , and with that call ministers thought it their duty to comply . The right hon . gent . had stated that lie collected the facts upon which he argued , from the newspaper . But here he was under a mistake . For it appeared that wherever he found his facts , it was only his arguments that were collected from the newspapers , in which they were to be seen , and pretty nearly too in the same order in which the right hon . gent . had just delivered them . The right hon . gent . was under another