our Orders in Council . But , said Mr. Grattan , if they are not the cause of that Embargo , why is that Embargo continued ? What continues that Embargo ? America otters to take off her Embargo if you will rescind your Orders : do you doubt the sincerity of the otter ? for one gentleman seems to point out as much . If you do , I ask then , will you go off upon that , will you rest upon that , and say that if America is sincere in the offer , you will accede to it ; will yon say this ? If you will not , again I ask , what continues the Embargo ? Who is now the cause of the Embargo , when you yourselves refuse to do that which , if done , would remove it ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) Is it so ? Then how does the country stand in point of right ? Do you join with an unoffending neutral , and visit France with the consequences of her own insolence and injustice ? No ; but you join yourselves to France against that neutral . It is the bad retaliation of a worse principle ; it is a sort of wicked emulation in injustice ; and if it be warrantable in us in this instance , then extend the argument , and what will it amount to ? Why , to this ; that if France , instead of declaring against the commerce of neutrals , should declare against their liberties , against their lives , you , in the spirit of this retaliation , losing the spirit that 1200 made you what you are , are to trace the footsteps of the same atrocities , making the measure of French wrong the measure of British right . The application appears monstrous , but the principle is the same , extended perhaps , but certainly not changed , and whether less or greater , in every shape a monster ! for , qualify it as you may , it goes to the root of the law of nations ; it goes to build up a system of wrong retaliating wrong , and injustice combating injustice , that can only end in an undefined suspension of the dominion of right ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Taking as it were the laws of nations theoretically from God , but at the same time learning their practical application from the enemy . And in pursuing such conduct , whose work is England doing ? Who now enforces the Orders of Berlin ? England . Who now enforces the Decrees of France ? England . Who created , who continues the Embargo ? England . She does more , she repels America from her : she does still more , she drives her into the very arms of France . But to all this you say , `` we will fight France with her own weapons , '' as if her principles could be your weapons ! No , no ; we have fought too long and too nobly to begin now to light away our national character against the well-practiced iniquity of France . Let us fight in no cause we do not believe to be an honest one ; and let our weapons be as honest as our cause . So much for our justice.—Look to the principle now as it affects our trade . The avowed object of those measures is the sustenance of our commerce . Is America—our own America—our colonized America—our solitary neutral , to be injured , that our commerce may be improved ? Are you quite sure that injustice to the one would not be injury to the other ? —Commerce , applied to us , includes America ; and yet is one to be promoted by the industrious subjugation of the other ? We know our strength is our navy ; we know our navy is identified with our commerce , and who will say our commerce is not improved by our intercourse with America ? America is