would have received the vacant commission . I apprehend it was not known to the Commander in Chief , that during the whole of the arduous retreat of the late army major Covell had charge of the regiment , and without disparagement to lieutenant colonel Shaw , it could not fail to be a circumstance of a depressing nature , to find that offi- 658 cer , who was a subaltern in the 76th regiment , after major Covell had been five years a captain , now placed over him in the regiment.—In the anxious desire which I feel for the promotion of an old and respectable officer , I have to hope you will acq.uk me of the most distant supposition that the interests of the 76th regiment are not perfectly attended to by you as its natural guardian . And believe the respect with which I have the honour to be , Sir , your most obedient , & c. & c. `` JAMES LEITH , Maj. Gen. `` General Sir Thos . Musgrave , Bart . '' wished permission to say a few word ? in consequence of what was stated in the letter just read . He had the honour of knowing both lieut.-colonel Shaw and major Covell , and of both he had a very high opinion . But notwithstanding the suggestions in that letter , he did not think it at all surprising that lieut.-col. Shaw , who in 1804 was a lieut . colonel , should be appointed to a regiment in preference to major Covell , who was not promoted to his majority until 1807 . He himself had known col. Shaw in the 70th regiment so long back as the year 1787 , and , from his services in India with the 76th , that officer had claims for promotion in that particular regiment . It was under the conviction of such claims that he thought proper to recommend the appointment to his royal highness the Commander in Chief , conceiving it probable that lieut . colonel Symes would have been allowed to sell his lieutenant-colonelcy . That sale the Commander in Chief did not allow ; but , when col. Symes was changed to a garrison battalion , the appointment of col. Shaw took place . had , in reply , only to impress upon the house , that major Covell had been thirteen years a captain , and then purchased his majority . then interfered , as there was no question before the house . reported from the Committee , appointed to inspect certain Letters which were delivered in to the Committee of the whole house , appointed to investigate the Conduct of h. r. h. the Duke of York , and to report to the house such of them , or such parts of them , as may be relevant to the matters referred to the consideration of the said Committee of the whole House . The Report was as follows : `` Your Committee have inspected the several letters referred to them by this honourable house ; and , in pursuance of their instructions , they have selected those letters inclosed 659 in a bundle marked A . But they beg leave to remark , that they do not wish it to be understood that all these letters afford direct evidence applicable to the subject now made , or any which may hereafter become the subject of inquiry ; but your Committee do not conceive themselves authorized to judge whether these letters are admissible evidence . '' now rose to move the order of the day for the house to resolve into a Committee upon the Inquiry respecting the Conduct of h. v. h. the Commander in Chief . But first he hoped to be indulged with the liberty of a few observations , in consequence of what had passed last night . He felt it unnecessary to say any thing with respect to himself , or the part he had taken in this proceeding ; but he hoped the house would do justice to the motives and conduct of the hon . gent. , whom he