on ministers themselves to bring the matter fairly before the public . called the attention of the house to a Resolution , to which they had agreed at the close of the last session , on a complaint that had been brought before them . A Bill had repassed the house of commons for granting to his majesty certain Duties on Distilleries , pending the prohibitions then existing by other bills . This bill was agreed to by the lords with an amendment , in which the commons , having taken it into consideration and having been convinced that it tended to forward what was evidently their own intention , concurred . The amendment was to substitute , in the latter part of the bill , the word `` England '' for the words `` Great Britain ; `` the word `` England '' having been uniformly and according to the intention of the house of commons , used in all the former parts of the bill . The surprize which the house felt at the circumstance , induced them to come to a Resolution , that early in the next session they would enter into the investigation of the circumstance . In consequence of circumstances which had since come to his knowledge , he felt it to be his duty to suggest to the house the propriety of some further proceeding on this subject ; and he trusted that either the hon . gent . by whom the Resolution of the last session was proposed , or any other member , would submit to the house some mode by which this extraordinary occurrence might be satisfactorily investigated . after having observed , that there could be but one opinion as to the indispensable necessity of investigating this transaction , in order to prevent the recurrence of what might prove a serious inconvenience to the public service , moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to examine into the cause of the alteration , and to report their opinion on the same to the house . '' — ; Ordered , and the Committee was in consequence appointed . moved for a new Writ for Poole , in the room of John Jeffery , esq . who had been appointed Consul General to her most faithful majesty 's dominions in Europe . submitted to the noble lord the propriety of previously moving for a Committee to examine whether by such an appointment a member of that house vacated his seat . For himself , he was not aware that there was any distinction between the appointment of a minister at a foreign court , and that of a consul general , in this point ; and unquestionably by the 177 first mentioned of those appointments no parliamentary ineligibility had ever been created . said , that of course his attention had been strongly called to the consideration of this affair ; and on examination he had not been able to find any specific precedent of a seat having been vacated under similar circumstances . In 1762 , on the appointment of a member of that house to be Conservator of Scotch privileges in the Netherlands , the member so appointed was declared to have vacated his seat . How far that transaction bore upon the present , it was for the house to determine . He would recommend that the present discussion should be adjourned for a few days , in order to give an opportunity to hon . gentlemen duly to weigh a subject in which the privileges of the house were so materially concerned . acceding to this proposition , the debate was adjourned to Monday se'nnight , and an humble Address was ordered to be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to cause to be laid before the house a copy of Mr. Jeffery 's appointment . being come to the house , the Speaker acquainted him , That the house had , upon Wednesday last , resolved , That the Thanks of this house be given to him , for the distinguished valour , ability and conduct , displayed