of the British army in Spain had taken place too late to prevent the failure , if his majesty 's ministers could state to the house satisfactory causes for the delay . The British army was intended to act only as an auxiliary force in aid of the Spanish armies , and surely the British government was not to be blamed because the Spanish forces had not , unhappily , been able to hold out till the arrival of the military succours which were sent out to their assistance . The right hon . gent . ought certainly to have waited for a little information , and not attempted to drag parliament into an inquiry which would prove disgraceful to itself and distressing to the country . Ministers , he contended , were perfectly justified in not asking the opinion of parliament , last session , before it could have an opportunity of considerately forming it . Never was there a cause in which the feelings of the country more fully participated—in which aid was given on all hands more cheerfully . Indeed , if government could collect any clue from the country by which to guide their conduct , it would be completely in harmony with the opinion expressed by his majesty in his closing speech last session , in which he said assistance should be rendered to the Spaniards , as far as was consistent with the wishes and distinct policy of Spain , blended with no selfish views of our own partial interests . It had been said by the right 1077 hon . gent . that government ought to have waited to collect full information how far the spirit of liberty in the Spaniards went to the amelioration of their condition ; how far the national feeling and public spirit of that country were such as to justify them in hazarding a British military force in aid of its cause . Now , how the hon . mover could reconcile this with his former admonition to speed and celerity , it was not indeed in his ingenuity to discover . As to the selection of characters necessary to give government their opinion as to the spirit of Spain , he would merely ask , would it be rational for them to listen to any man 's opinion , before the formation of the Central Junta , which alone could be competent to decide upon the views of Spain ; and were they to leave Spain and Portugal to their destinies till that event should have taken place ? The only rational question was , whether it could be hoped that Spain , with our assistance , would be enabled to stand against France ; and if this could be proved , government stood justified . He had heard that night the great power of France stated as a depressing circumstance ; but that was rather an unfortunate argument for those who had constantly been vaunting the efforts of which an universal and determined people were capable . Spain had , indeed , made an energetic effort—she had borne up against the military power of France with more vigour , more constancy , and better success , than those powers , which had been supported by formidable regular armies ; and if she had , in some degree , failed , it was rather hard and little worthy of the generous feelings of that house , to reproach her with it in the hour of her difficulties and the season of her distress . It had been held by many statesmen , that the efforts of a people themselves were whole equal to any efforts of regular military force , and certainly there never was a more energetic effort made by any people , than by those of Spain . It was there literally the cause of the people , and it came with a peculiarly bad grace from the other side of the house , when it was stated that the cause of the people was not sufficiently attested by the expression of popular sentiment , unless that sentiment be supported by the sanction of the