, that it amounted to this , whether , as the Central Junta had not been established till September , it was prudent or politic to wait from July till September before the expedition should have been sent out . Though his opinion could be no authority upon the subject , his conviction was , upon the pure military consideration of the case , that the course adopted was most expedient . If we looked to Portugal , and considered that country and Spain as one and the same , we should be convinced that the Tagus , and not St. Andero , was the point to which the British army should have been sent ; others may be more bold and enterprising in their plans , as well as have more of talents and ability to carry them into execution ; and if the right hon . gent . would look to the authorities from which he had drawn his arguments , he would find a very bold plan of operations had been lately suggested in one of them , no less than to land a British force at Bilboa , and to march directly to besiege Pampeluna . If the right hon . gent . should approve of this plan , he was sure he would not have any other support for that opinion in this country , than the file of the newspaper in which it appeared ( a laugh ) .—Another fault had been pointed out by the hon . gent . in the conduct of his majesty 's government towards Spain , for having concluded a treaty with the Central Junta , which he considered superfluous and unnecessary , in as much as the previous engagements were to the full as binding upon this country , as any treaty could I possibly be . In this opinion , however , he differed from the right hon . gent . who had spoken earlier in the debate , according to whose doctrine no engagements , contracted upon the bare authority of the government , could possibly be as obligatory , as a treaty sanctioned by the assent and approbation of parliament . Differing as he 75 must from both , as to the policy and propriety of the treaty , he was rather inclined to the opinion of the hon . gent . who spoke last , as to the equivalence of the obligation in both cases . But it would be recollected , that , in the last session , the whole house , as well as the whole of the nation , was agreed , that every effort should be made in support of Spain , and every necessary engagement entered into , that could tend to promote the success of the noble struggle in which that nation was engaged . Yet , whenever it became necessary to add solemnity to such serious engagements , ( though a distinction had lately been attempted to be made between a solemn and a serious promise , a distinction of which he could have no conception ) that solemnity was only to be imparted to our engagements by the forms of a regular treaty . But though we were bound by our simple engagements , there were other parties who would take advantage of the absence of the sanction of a treaty ; and it was the more desirable that we should in any future discussion meet them with , instead of the sympathy of engagements , the solemnity of an obligation . Another ground , upon which the treaty had been concluded , was , that , when one uniform government had been formed in Spain , by entering into a solemn treaty with that government , we might by the sanction of our recognition induce other powers to follow our example . Besides , no man would contend , that the refusal by us to enter into the treaty would not have been taken advantage of by Joseph Buonaparté to forward his designs upon Spain . He hoped , that it was not necessary for him on that occasion to go farther into detail upon