a Convention of which the House knows nothing . I was wondering what answer would be returned to that part of the Speech , and it was with no small surprize I heard it moved , as part of the Address , an expression of our regret , that such an Armistice and Convention should have been entered into . What ! my lords , pronounce judgment before investigation ; condemn a transaction before we are made acquainted with the details of it ? I have now heard , for the first time , that his majesty has found it necessary to express his disapprobation of some of the articles of that Armistice and Convention , and from that circumstance it will of course form a future subject of discussion in this house , but at present they are not regularly before us . It is true , that the public have had those transactions before them , and have pronounced their condemnation ; the people of England have complained of those transactions at the foot of the throne , and I can not applaud the tone of the Answer , which was returned to the Address of the City of London . It being , however , contrary to the principles of British justice to pronounce judgment without investigation , what must we expect , after unequivocally condemning the Armistice and Convention , of which we know nothing , neither the documents , nor any details respecting the transaction being before us ? what must we expect upon going to the foot of the throne with an Address , containing such an unequivocal condemnation without examination , or the means of examination ? we must expect to be told , `` You , the parliament , have forgotten the first principles of British justice in pronouncing judgment without investigation , in condemning a transaction with the details of which you are unacquainted '' . The Armistice and Convention have , it is known , been referred to a Board of Military Officers , who have reported that no blame attaches to any of the generals employed on that occasion . That Board of Inquiry have abstained , and very properly abstained , from giving any opinion respecting the conduct of ministers ; but from the displeasure expressed by his Majesty , it is evident that they alone were to blame—the Board having declared their opinion that no blame attaches to the generals , and his Majesty having subsequently expressed his displeasure at the Armistice and Convention , that displea- 17 sure must apply of course to the conduct of ministers . The generals may alledge the want of cavalry ; they may alledge the want of artillery—all which must arise from the neglect of ministers . This must of course form a part of the Inquiry when the subject comes regularly before the house.—There is another point also of considerable importance , upon which the Board of Inquiry have very properly abstained from giving an opinion , I mean the naval part of the transaction ; I do not mean to convey any censure upon the admiral who agreed to the Convention , or to insinuate that he stands in any other situation than that of the generals , to whom it is decided that no blame attaches ; but when , instead of that phraseology to which we have been accustomed in the transactions of our navy , that of sunk , burnt , and destroyed , when , instead of taking prisoners of war , a Convention is entered into , by which the fleet of an enemy comes into our ports with a stipulation , that it shall be delivered up at the conclusion of peace , it becomes a subject which demands inquiry and investigation . That investigation will , I trust , take place , and then our decision will follow regularly and formally ; but to applaud or to condemn , without investigation , conveys neither approbation nor censure.—There is one most important topic which I think it my duty to press upon the attention of your lordships , though no notice is