in the will and irresistible in the power of Buonaparté ; and was the world to submit to his tyrannous resolves as to a divine infliction ? When he compared the present situation of Spain with what it was when the French were in the undisturbed possession of Castile , Catalonia , Biscay and Portugal , he could not discover any grounds for despondency . The French had now Gallicia but they had not Portugal , so that upon the whole the situation of Spain was not as unpromising as in June last . Why , then , should its cause be despaired of , unless gentlemen had their minds tuned to despair ? Whatever might be the fruits of Buonaparté 's victories , in other respects , the spirit of the Spanish nation was yet unsubdued . His fortune , no doubt , had been augmented : but still it was fortune , not fate ; and therefore not to be considered unchangeable and fixed . There was something unworthy in the sentiment that would defer to this fortune , as to the dispensations of Providence , looking upon it as immutable in its nature , and irresistible by human means . `` Te `` Nos facimus Fortuna Deam , cœioque locaraus.— The right hon . gent . concluded by stating his intention to give his negative to the motion . [ A cry of Fire ! fire ! frequently interrupted the latter part of the right hon . Secretary 's speech , and Mr. Sheridan , in a low tone , stated across the table , that Drury-lane theatre was on fire . ] Mr. Windham was about to reply , when lord Temple suggested the propriety of adjourning the debate , in consequence of the extent of calamity , which the event just communicated to the house , would bring upon a respectable individual , a member of that house . observed that , whatever might be the extent of the individual calamity , he did not consider it of a nature worthy to interrupt their proceedings on so great a national question . acknowledged it was not a 1106 parliamentary cause , strictly speaking , for adjournment , but it was evidently the cause of much and deserved anxiety ; and of a nature sufficiently powerful to induce an adjournment . observed that the cause , however to be lamented , was no reason for interruption of the debate , as it should be recollected by the house that there was no exhibition this night at the Theatre , and therefore there was no ground for apprehension for the safety of any of their friends or relatives . declared he did not envy the right hon . gent . his feelings on the occasion , particularly when he reflected , that half London might be burned down while they were debating . He therefore moved the Question of adjournment . seconded the motion . stated , that if their adjourning would have the effect of putting out the blaze , it would be good to do so . But what an exhibition would it hold out to the world to say , that on an alarm of fire , they had adjourned a debate of such importance . Considering , therefore , it would answer no good purpose , he should oppose the adjournment . also opposed the adjournment . The Motion was at last withdrawn , with the concurrence of both sides of the house ; and was determined to confine what he had to say to the objects of the inquiry , and in that case should pass by four-fifths of the speech of the right hon . gent . However able the speech of that right hon . gent . it had been very little to the purpose . It was an odd moment for the right hon . gent . to express his hopes , and an odd quarter from which such hopes proceeded , when our army had been withdrawn from Spain , when we had left the Spaniards to fight their own battles . This had something so ludicrous in