by him on the 17th and 21st of August last in Portugal , on the latter of which days he obtained at Vimiera over the army of the enemy a signal victory , honourable and glorious to the British arms . gave him the Thanks of the house accordingly as followeth , viz . `` Lieut . general sir Arthur Wellesley ; After the events of the last year , it was impossible that parliament should re-assemble without directing its earliest attention to the services of the British army in Portugal ; and , amidst the contending opinions which have prevailed upon other questions , the public voice has been loud and general in admiration of your splendid achievements.— It is your praise to have inspired your troops with unshaken confidence and unbounded ardour ; to have commanded , not the obedience alone but the hearts and affections of your companions in arms ; and , having planned your operations with the skill and promptitude which have so eminently charac- 178 terized all your former exertions , you have again led the armies of your country to battle , with the seme deliberate valour , and triumphant success , which have long since rendered your name illustrious in the remotest parts of this empire . Military glory has ever been clear to this nation ; and great military exploits in the field or upon the ocean , have their sure reward in royal favour , and the gratitude of parliament . It is therefore , with the highest satisfaction , that , in this fresh instance , I now proceed to deliver to you the Thanks of this house ; and I do now accordingly , by the command , and in the name of the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , thank you for the distinguished valour , ability , and conduct , displayed by you on the 17th and 21st of August last in Portugal , on the latter of which days you obtained at Vimiera over the army of the enemy a signal victory , honourable and glorious to the British arms '' ; I beg leave to express my acknowledgements to the house for the high honour which they have conferred upon me , by the notice which they have taken , and the approbation they have conveyed of my conduct during the time I commanded his majesty 's troops in Portugal.— No man can value more highly than I do the honourable distinction which has been conferred upon me : a distinction which it is in the power of the representatives of a free people alone to bestow , and which it is the peculiar advantage of the officers and soldiers in the service of his majesty to have held out to them as the object of their ambition , and to receive as the reward of their services.— I beg leave , at the same time , to return you , sir , my thanks for the handsome terms in which your kindness , I ought to say your partiality for me , has induced you to convey the approbation of the house . '' Ordered , nem . con . That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker , in giving the Thanks of this house to lieut . gen. sir A. Wellesley , together with his Answer thereto , be printed in the Votes of this day . rose to express his extreme regret that the name of a gallant relation of his who had fallen a sacrifice in the cause of his country , on the late march of the British army to Corunna , had been honoured with no place in the Votes of Thanks 179 which had passed that house to the officers who had been employed on that service . That was a circumstance which bore heavily on the feelings of that gallant officer 's friends and family . That he did not in his death share the honours so justly paid to sir John Moore , for the victory at Corunna , was not to be imputed to him , as