fact , from history : Lord Cornwallis was shut up in York Town , with this advantage , that he had not been beaten—he had to cross a river only one mile broad , his horse and artillery were on the other side : his boats were ready in a bay defended from the enemy , and the two points of the crescent , which the bay formed , were defended by redoubts , and he had no plunder to carry over , —the event there was well known . The French had a river of four miles to cross ; they had to carry over their artillery , their horses , their plunder , and all their baggage , and yet notwithstanding all these disadvantages , they had procured from us the Convention which had been so much reprobated , and this was the result of two brilliant victories—a result which had disgusted Spain and Portugal , and covered England with disgrace . If ministers had had the judgment to allow the right hon . general ( sir A. Wellesley to have conducted the whole of the operations , the result might have been different . He respected sir Hew Dalrymple , but he thought it a most extraordinary proceeding in ministers to remove that officer from a situation where they themselves had said he was so useful , in order to place him in a new one , of the nature of which he at that time knew very little . This was admirable foresight ! They said , that it would have been doing injustice to many officers in the army to have continued sir A. Wellesley in the command . But when they had appointed him to conduct an operation , they ought to have allowed him to finish it , as the immortal Chatham had done with regard to gen. Wolfe . But the right hon . general had been told , that a successor would soon be appointed , and thus that honourable ambition which so well became a soldier was roused to do something before he was superseded ; and this , perhaps , induced him to proceed rather rashly . He would not pursue this topic fur- 928 ther now , as the conduct of the gallant officer had already been approved of , but he thought he could convince that gallant and hon . officer himself , that there was something rash in the action of the 17th , and something wrong in that of the 21st . Me reprobated the instruction given to the superior officers to consult an inferior officer , on all occasions , as indecent , and also censured the rage for a change of commanders , which the ministers had evinced . But the noble lord , in justification of this , had mentioned a a similar case in the armies of Austria . The noble lord , however , did not follow this up by saying that , owing to this circumstance , the Austrians had made a successful campaign . He thought the conduct of ministers reprehensible in various points of view in the management of this Expedition , and would therefore vote for the motion of the noble lord near him . then rose . Before he proceeded to make any observations on what had fallen from the hon . general who had spoken last , he hoped he might be allowed to advert to some particulars in the speech of the noble lord who had proposed the Resolution . What the noble lord had said related partly to the government , and partly to the officers who had the conduct of the Expedition . For the plan and equipment the government was answerable ; for the execution and the result the officers , in his opinion , were alone responsible.—He had given it as his opinion , and it was still his opinion , that the operations in favour of Spain could only be carried on with any chance of success , in conjunction with , and by the consent of the people and public authorities of that country , and therefore