. 's affectation of candour would have as little weight . The hon . gent . had disclaimed all knowledge or participation in this accusation , both for himself and all those who sat near 362 him on the same benches . He would give the hon . gent , credit as far as he spoke of himself only ; but when he spoke of all those around him , he believed he spoke without authority . said , that as to the candour of the right hon . secretary , or his ( Mr. Smith 's ) affectation of candour which he did not possess , he was willing to throw himself on the candour of the house to judge between him and the right hon . gent . As to the other charge , of his having spoken without authority from gentlemen who sat on the same side of the house with him , he had heard similar declarations to that which he himself had made from every person on that side of the house , who had at all spoken on the subject . Of course , therefore , if he had spoken in their names without any actual authority from them to that effect , he had not spoken without some knowledge of their sentiments . said , that after the attack which had been made from the other side of the house , he felt it requisite for him to say , that if this was the way that persons who came forward with accusations were to be assisted by the wisdom of the house , there would be very little encouragement for any member to put himself forward for the detection of any great public abuses . He could not tell who the right hon . secretary alluded to ; but , for himself , he would be ashamed to disclaim publicly any thing which a member of parliament might do with perfect propriety . If any member in the house had been consulted on those charges before they were brought in , he might with perfect propriety give his opinion ( whatever it might be ) upon the subject . For his part , he should continue to discharge his parliamentary duty according to the best of his judgment , without fearing the comments which others might make upon his conduct . He thought his hon . friend entitled to protection , as he had in a very incautious manner exposed himself to considerable obloquy . He would deprecate , as contrary to the ends of justice , any appearance of indecent precipitation in the committee in forcing the hon . gent , to proceed in his charges , at a time that he declared himself not to be quite ready . It did appear to him , that the hon . accuser had acted in the most fair , candid , and even incautious manner ; and that much of the reproach which he had unjustly incurred , had arisen from his desire to comply with the indecent hurry of the gentlemen opposite . admitted that the lion , baronet had taken a manly part : that he had stated his reasons frankly , and he knew he had ability to maintain them . But , what would be said if there was a person who had secretly advised—who bad secretly been consulted , and who sheltered himself in silence under that broad disclaiming shield which an hon . gent , had thrown over himself and his friends ? If such a person existed , he must apply to his conduct terms very different from those which he had in justice applied to that of the hon . baronet . with great warmth , accused the right honourable secretary of making a covert attack on some individual , whom he did not venture openly to denounce , and called upon him , with the same manliness which he had praised so highly in the hon . bait , to name the person to whom he alluded . ( A pause of half a minute : cries of `` Name ! Name !