dependent of France , a resolution was ma- 1059 nifested to shake off the yoke of French domination . As soon as the resolution was formed , application was made to this country for assistance . Just before the conclusion of the last session the subject was brought under the consideration of this house . No one was willing to damp the spirit that was responsive to that application , provided a compliance with it could promise any successful result . But every reflecting man recommended consideration . Ministers , however , took their own course , and we have witnessed the consequence . No statement of any information received from Spain was laid before parliament . The session was closed before any deliberate opinion could be formed upon the subject , every thing was left to the discretion of ministers . Parliament had no opportunity of interfering , the ministers were furnished with all the aids they could desire from the hearts , the purses , the anus of the country . Every guinea they required was most cheerfully granted ; they had a vote of credit to the utmost limit of their request ; there appeared but one mind , one feeling , and one sentiment on the part of parliament and the country in favour of Spain , no other wish existed but that which was calculated to give effect to the operation of ministers , party spirit was quite sunk throughout this country upon that occasion ; and indeed in every part of the empire the public voice was loud and ardent in desiring that all the whole power of England should be put in motion , if necessary , and at all likely to be effectual in repelling the advances of the enemy , and promoting the liberty of Spain . Such was the pulse of the country which ministers had to direct . But it became their duty to direct it with judgment and efficiency . Standing upon an eminence , it was for them carefully to survey the prospects before , them . It was for them to examine , with precision and accuracy , all the moans in their reach to employ , and how far those means were adequate to the ends in view . Before they attempted to involve the country in the contest alluded to , before they ventured so to engage its wealth and its power , they should have taken care to make this examination , and , above all , to ascertain the real state of Spain . The first object , therefore , that claimed their consideration was , the employment of proper persons to inquire into that stale ; and for that purpose they should have sent some men of the highest capa- 1060 city to that country , men well acquainted with both military and civil affairs , men competent not only to assist the counsels of a cabinet , but to direct the operations of an army . Many such men could , no doubt , be found in this country . The occasion was of a nature to call for the employment of men of this description . It could not be supposed , whatever the spirit of the Spaniards might be , that that spirit could succeed in effectually resisting the power of France , unless it was directed with the utmost ability ; and we ought to have availed ourselves of the opportunity to send that description of ability to Spain . I know not the character of those agents whom ministers thought proper to employ in this mission , nor do I mean to speak disrespectfully of their merits ; but I can not find their names among those who are distinguished for any exploits or for any experience , either of a military or a civil description . I understand that they are all young men , and not likely to possess the experience and capacity of observation which are necessary to form a correct judgment upon such an important concern . Ministers should have been aware of the responsibility attached to their office , and cautious