had been greatly narrowed since it was originally made a subject of discussion . First , the whole failure was imputed to ministers : —they had sent out an expedition totally destitute of every thing : —Of ammunition , of artillery , of provisions , of tents , of every thing : —in short , wholly destitute . He now found that the deficiency of artillery horses , and the situation of Portugal with respect to the supplies relied on from it by government , were the things principally to be relied on.—The other questions of equipment for the reduction of the forts , heavy artillery , heavy ordnance or travelling carriages , & c. were not now likely to be urged . He wished to know if he ought to construe the silence of the noble lord into an acquittal on these points , or if he was to call the attention of the house to them . In calling their attention to the principle of equipment , he wished them to distinguish between an army landing in a country , and an army proceeding on its march after having landed ; and stated , that an advancing army in general depended upon the country which it went to succour , for supplies . By supplies he did not mean provisions ; for he could assure the house , that all the expeditions to Spain and Portugal carried with them provisions for three months , exclusive of the transport provisions , which amounted to eight weeks more . But it would be requisite for them to consider how to move , and what measures would be necessary to enable them to eat their provisions . The noble lord seemed to think , that an army had nothing to do but land and instantly penetrate through the country ; but an army required a great supply of cattle to convey those provi- 922 sions and other necessaries , and in general he believed the amount of cattle to be half the number of the men . This greatly depended upon the season of the year , & c. In the Austrian army so great a proportion as even one half was usual ; so that if an army consisted of 30,000 men , probably 15,000 horses and other beasts of burden might be wanted . Therefore , it was not surprizing that for assistance of this kind they should depend on the country ; and it was also necessary that an army should laud at some distance from the enemy , in order that it might have time to create and collect the means to enable it to advance . This was an inconvenience to which every expedition , sent by a naval power , must be subject . When a want of artillery horses was complained of , the noble lord must have willingly shut his eyes to the reinforcement which was immediately to follow from England , and which made all the artillery horses to amount to 778 . If sir A. Wellesley 's means had been more liberal , there was no doubt but his services would have been more brilliant ; but , at the same time , there could hardly be a question that he would not have advanced , if he did not think his means sufficient to the object of occupying the city of Lisbon , and the forts of the Tagus . Sir H. Burrard also knew that sir J. Moore 's army had arrived , and that he might expect the equipment of artillery horses , & c. which belonged to it . Instead of 300 horses , therefore , there were 678 artillery horses . For his countrymen ( the horses from Ireland ) he must be allowed to say a few words . They did not shew themselves to be so bad as the noble lord represented them in the battle of Vimiera . They were very much admired by the French , and 100 of them had been actually selected to pursue the campaign in Spain , through one of the most fatiguing marches ever made by an