of the noble lord 's avowed intention , he thought it quite impossible that he could be serious . The attendance of the house already upon this subject had been remarkably full ; they had divided more than a majority of the whole house , and he did not think that at the present season , and at so short a notice , there was any chance of a further attendance . Besides , he would ask , was it a desirable thing that members who had never heard a word of the evidence in this case , should be called on to decide upon the question , who perhaps would not arrive till the day before , and could not have time to read or consider the written evidence ? There were many members who did not wish to interfere in this question . Was it desirable to bring such men from the remotest corners of Ireland or Scotland ? And , besides , though the house had authority to enforce their attendance at a call on that day , it had no authority afterwards to prevent their going out again , or to force them to vote , he was decidedly opposed to the call , and should take the sense of the house upon it . said , that the hon . member who had all of a sudden shewn so much tenderness towards the members from Ireland , and reluctance to inconvenience them , had asserted that a call at so 1139 short a notice was unprecedented . He would beg leave , however , to refer him to the Journals , so recently as the 11th of last February , where there was an order that the house be called over on the following day . answered , that this was in the case of a ballot for an election committee , where the call was pending de die in diem . instanced another case en the Journals during the discussion of the Slave trade in 1791 , where there was a call of the house at eight days notice . stated , that in consequence of what had passed in the house on Friday last , he thought the subject which had been then alluded to was of a nature that required that parliament should express its opinion upon it . He rather wished that the business should have been taken up by some member of greater experience . He , however , felt so strongly convinced of the necessity of some Resolution , that he should , without losing any time , give notice , that it was his intention to move a Resolution , `` That it was consistent with the duty and privileges of that house , to come to a determination on Evidence examined at their bar , without submitting the case to any other tribunal . '' Although this question had no necessary bearing upon the subject which was to be discussed next week , yet as it might have a collateral and indirect bearing , he wished to defer moving that Resolution , until the house should come to a decision on the question . He hoped the great importance of the subject would excuse him to the house , for giving this notice in a more detailed form than was usual . asked the hon . member what day he chose the notice to stand for . replied for Monday se'nnight . thought , that it would be a fairer way to have this Resolution brought forward before the discussion , in order that the matter might be put at rest , and that there might not be a suspicion suspended over the head of his royal highness that , in writing that letter , 1140 he had acted contrary to the privileges of that house . Although he did not wish to multiply discussions upon this subject , yet he was persuaded that this was a matter which could be easily explained . agreed perfectly with what had fallen from the Chancellor of the Exchequer . If there had been any violation of the privileges of