the principle , and ministers could find no difficulty in being ready with those accounts at the opening of the session , or in enforcing the payment of all monies , in the hands of public men , into the Treasury . A million of which appeared to be outstanding in balances , of which a considerable portion , as he should hereafter shew , would never come into the Treasury . If they did not do this , they could not know how the public money was appropriated . Mr. Pitt himself , that great professor of finance and economy , did not know it , as was shewn upon the trial of lord Melville . It was therefore indispensably necessary , that the house of commons should let the public see they were determined to do their duty , and that the object of the house of commons in the present state of public affairs was to alleviate the public burthens as far as consistent with their public duty , and not to improve the private incomes of persons in office . expressed his acquiescence in the opinion delivered by Mr. Bankes . Without arrogating any superior pretensions , he wished to declare to 120 the house , that , though the rt . hon . Chancellor of the Exchequer had thought proper to appoint him on the proposed Committee , he still considered that he should act most consistent with his public duty , by abstaining from any attendance on it . observed , that the statement of the right hon . gent , had placed the house under very aukward circumstances ; because , if the Committee should be reduced as proposed , after the stigma cast upon it by the observations of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , it would be quite impossible , that the public should have any confidence in its proceedings . If the opinion should go abroad , that the Committee had been revived under any suspicious circumstances , the impressions it would make would not easily be removed . It did not become that house to receive a list of the Committee it was to appoint , from any particular member , or set of men ; neither from his right hon . friend nor from any other individual in the house . The public would expect , that such a Committee should be selected from all descriptions of persons in the house . But here he would observe , that upon the subject of this Committee much misapprehension seemed to pervade the public , as if a great pecuniary saving was to result from its labours , and consequently a sensible relief from the present burthens . This was an expectation which he did not think would ever be realized . Many salutary retrenchments and useful reforms might no doubt be the consequence , but , in point of an immediate or sensible relief , in a pecuniary way , to the public , little of that description was to be looked to . Me did not mean to say that abuses did not exist that might demand reform ; and if the Committee was to be revived , it would be better to re-appoint it just as it stood before , than force the house to the invidious task of discussing the merits of particular men . But for his part , he was not quite sure it was necessary to re-appoint the Committee at all . In all events , he thought it would be better to give the house a day for examining the reports already made , and afterwards re-appoint the Committee , if it should appear necessary . agreed , that it would be much better that the Committee should be revived as it existed last session , than in the reduced state proposed ; or even that it should not be revived at all , because then no delusion would be practised upon the public . He agreed with the right 121 hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) that the house ought not to accept a list