not give a military opinion ( Hear 1 hear ! ) . Was the country to be told that such transactions were of no importance ? Was it to be so far deluded , that , at a time when the love of po- 956 pular distinction was so prevalent—when a red ribband was sought by that general , and a star by another , that it was equally a matter of indifference , whether the annunciation of a disgraceful Convention , was or was not accompanied by such public demonstrations of rejoicing , as the country would have expected on the communication , that Junot and his whole army had surrendered prisoners of war ? If the Convention had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country , why should not ministers acknowledge it , in order that we might ascertain the party to whom our disgrace had been owing ? Where could the noble lord find an excuse for the rapid and unexplained supercession of the general officers commanding ? His gallant friend had told him , that in expecting harmony , the noble lord was mistaken , for scarcely had the generals who commanded successively , been two minutes together , when , as sir A. Wellesley stated , harmony disappeared . But what was the ground for any reasonable man , much more an executive government , to expect that it would continue ? Was it that they had appointed men of extensive talent and acknowledged genius , too proud to admit in their breasts a narrow and illiberal jealousy ? Was it that they had selected officers to supersede sir A. Wellesley in the supreme command , under whom he had previously served , and who entertained the high and merited opinion of his capacity and his services ? No—there was no such palliation for his majesty 's ministers , arid it had been that night proved by the able general himself , that he had no reason to expect being superseded , unless a very considerable increase took place in the army which he commanded . But if it was necessary for the public service , why did the king 's government extend the chief command successively to so many officers without any seeming cause ? Why was it deemed expedient to interpose sir H. Burrard and sir H. Dalrymple between other gallant officers and the interests of the country ? Of living characters he would not speak , but he would comment upon the pretensions of those that were departed . The apotheosis of the lamented Moore had taken place , and of him he would say , that throughout the whole of the heroic army of Britain , there could not be found any officer with claims to distinguished command greater than his . Why , then , was he not allowed to assume that lead of which the gallant Wellesley 957 was deprived ? It seemed almost in the opinions of ministers unnecessary to ask any question ; because , said the Board of Inquiry , with the military men no blame rests ; nor with us , say the Ministers ; but the country , with one accord , had proclaimed , that blame attached somewhere . To fix the blame upon thereat delinquents under these circumstances became the first duly of the people 's Representatives.—The noble lord had told the house , that his noble friend had too strongly coloured his statement respecting the quality and defects of the horses , because that noble lord knew , that the French themselves envied and admired them . But the gallant general opposite ( sir A. Wellesley ) would excuse him , he trusted , for the opinion that he formed , when he believed , that during the whole of his enterprising life , that officer never struggled so unsuccessfully with difficulties as in his endeavour to march to the defence of the noble lord with regard to those miserable horses . Indeed , the noble secretary had made a most diversified effort , but , he assured him , to little purpose . In shewing off these ' poor