idea , that money was paid to persons high in office for such transactions . For the distinct manner in which the hon . gent . submitted the question to the house , he conceived him entitled to its thanks . He had pledged himself to bring his charges home to his royal highness . Upon that pledge the proposed inquiry was admitted ; and both for the accuser and the accused , to guard against suppression and insufficiency of evidence , publicity was essentially necessary . When , therefore , the question for inquiry by a Committee should be disposed of , he should second a motion that the Committee be a Committee of the whole House , if his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Adam ) should make that motion . stated , that he was anxious to afford the fullest information in his power to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The office where this agency was transacted was in a court out of Threadneedle-street . The names of the agents in that office were Heylop and Pullen . They had stated various situations purchased in the Island of Jamaica , and that the two members of the present cabinet , for whom they acted in such negotiations , and to whom he alluded in his speech , were the Lord Chancellor and the Puke of Portland . 198 It was then carried , nem , con . that the conduct of his royal highness the Commander in Chief , in the appointment to Commissions , regulating Exchanges , and filling up of Vacancies in the Army , be referred to a Committee . The Chancellor of the Exchequer then moved , that it should be a Committee of the whole House . considered the hon . mover entitled to the fullest credit , for the manner in which he brought the subject forward . He was of opinion that the ends of justice would be best answered by referring the inquiry to a Select Committee , from whose Reports all the benefits of publicity would be derived . From the inconveniences which he had witnessed in the progress of an examination at the bar , he submitted whether any mode of conducting the inquiry was not better than that proposed by the right hon . gent . It was extraordinary to see the Chancellor of the Exchequer interfere with the mode of proceeding which the hon . mover I had adopted , when the house recollected with what severe comment that gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) remarked upon certain members on his side of the house , for the alledged indecorum of taking certain measures out of the hands of the original proposers . conceived that the surprise expressed by the noble lord in seeing his right hon . friend propose to the consideration of that house the most desirable mode of proceeding , would have been prevented if that noble lord had considered the nature of the improvement which was recommended . The interference of his right hon . friend was not to restrict , but to extend inquiry ; it was not to narrow the means but to enlarge the sphere of deliberation . It was an improvement suited to the importance of the accusation , and to that serious discussion which so many commanding inducements pressed it upon that house to afford . The house should recollect that if such charges were , proved , the issue of its deliberation might lead to a proceeding affecting the most valuable privileges of parliament , and the dearest interests of the elevated and illustrious personage affected by their decision . It was established by various precedents in parliamentary history . It was to a Committee of the whole House the case of the duke of Marlborough was submitted , because such proceeding was considered correspondent with the gravity of its judicial character , and because it was 199 a species of trial which united earliness with publicity . When , therefore , the noble lord complained that an attempt was made to take the subject out of the