appointment had taken place before his second representation reached the Duke . wished to ask the right hon . gent . in which of the conferences stated by him to have taken place with different persons , in the transaction of the particular Note in question , he was informed of the suppression of that Note by Captain Sandon . said , he received his information from Col. Hamilton . informed the Committee , that he had received a Letter from general Clavering , stating that there was a seeming inconsistency in his evidence , and expressing a wish that he might again be called before the Committee in order that he might explain it . [ A cry of read ! read ! ] moved , that the Letter be read . spoke a few words in vindication of general Clavering , but in so low a tone , that we could not hear what he said . said , that if gen. Clavering wished to correct any thing which appeared to be inconsistent or contradictory in his evidence , let him be summoned , or let him attend if he was there ; but he saw no reason why his Letter should be read . answered , that as he understood gen. Clavering was then attending , he would , with the leave of the House , withdraw his motion . rose , and the witness was desired to withdraw . The hon . gent . then said he apprehended the Committee had already examined several persons who were deemed the most competent to know the D. of York 's hand-writing . It would seem , from what he had been given to understand , that this gent. , who was then produced as a witness , knew nothing of the Writing of his royal highness ; and it appeared to him somewhat extraordinary that the Committee should now resort to an evidence not nearly so strong as that of those witnesses who had already been examined . Such a rule as that which the Committee was now about to pursue had once obtained , he believed , in courts of justice , in cases of capital offences , but it had for some time been discontinued . If that were really the case , he begged the house to consider seriously what must be the effect of calling this witness before they agreed to admit him to the bar ; for , however inclined they might be , to give every indulgence in their power to the royal personage who was accused , yet they should well weigh in their minds whether any person would , if standing before them on the same or similar charges , be allowed an equal degree of favour . In his opinion , they had given latitude to col. Gordon , in permitting him to take a paper from his pocket , and compare it with the Note which he was called upon to say , whether it was , in his opinion , the Duke of York 's hand-writing ; yet almost immediately afterwards 40 letters were shewn to Mrs. C. , and she was told that she must not read any one or any part of any one of them ; but must , from merely viewing the signature , say positively whether they were her 's or not . It would seem rather hard that she should not have been allowed to see whether any alterations or interpolations had been made in any of them , but from solely the name at the bottom , should be obliged to allow they 848 were her 's . He knew very well the Committee had decided by their proceedings that they were not to be confined within the strict rules respecting evidence by which the courts of law regulated themselves ; but having made this allowance to col. Gordon , he must throw it out for the consideration of the Committee , whether having already committed an impropriety would justify them in adding to that impropriety , by allowing a witness to be examined , who could only speak upon