. then moved , That the debate be adjourned till that day se'nnight . said that the reason why he wished the right hon . gent . rather to move the adjournment than himself was , that he did not feel the weight of the objections made by the right hon . gent . to the propriety of entering into the discussion on the motion at that time . He was not , however , disposed to resist the general wishes of the house . In bringing it before them he had discharged the duty to which he had pledged himself , and they would now do theirs.—The debate was then adjourned to the 14th instant . rose , and spoke in 1160 substance as follows : —America , Sir , is a name , which , if it were destined by Providence that the British government should ever learn wisdom from experience , ought to carry admonition along with it . Such a name opens to the recollection such a volume of events , revives such humiliating remembrances of obstinacy , rashness , and infatuation , that one would have thought a considerable time must have elapsed before it would have been necessary to have warned the ministers of this country , against the fatal consequences of pursuing the same measures , and acting with the same rashness , obstinacy , and infatuation , which in a never-to-be-forgotten instance visited our government with disgrace , and our empire with dismemberment . One would have thought that the history of the American War would have inculcated such a salutary moral , as all living statesmen would have known how to have applied and improved , and that now , when that memorable struggle has gone by , they would at least be cautious how far they assumed to themselves the responsibility of scouting the lessons of experience , of refusing to profit by the errors of those who went before them , of persisting in following their example , and volunteering in courting their disgrace . Surely , if the history of that War could have taught us any thing ( and never was there history more pregnant with instruction ) it must at least have taught us this , that in all our future intercourse with that country , we should not pursue the very same steps , nor resort to the very same efforts , which , in our attempt at that time to oppress , led to nothing but national disaster and ignominy.—In that contest America used her strength , and nobly used it , to resist injustice and oppression : She rose with gigantic force ; she broke the fetters prepared for her by this country ; and in the end obliged us to recognize her independance . After a result worthy of the cause in which she had embarked , when this country and America became distinct and amicable governments , she used her strength in our behalf . England flourished greatly as unexpectedly , on the separation of her colonies , to such a degree as proved the commercial means of America , and the extent of those means in promoting the commercial prosperity of G. Britain . In short , the relations of the two countries were such , their resources of that sort , and their mutual intercourse of that character , that to any unprejudiced man , 1161 who looked without political bias or jealousy at America , it must appear , that cordially united with her , we might together cope with the living world , were it against us ; and , with the exception of America , might I not say that the living world is against us ! And yet the statesmen of the present day , unwarned by past events and uninstructed by recent experience , are rushing blindly into that fatal system which has already separated America from the British empire . She has now spoken first , and offered you her co-operation . You have , or rather your government has , refused her offer ; foolishly refused it , because they refused it