did not mean to speak of either with disrespect , still less of lord Amherst who was another of them . But when there were so many as 40 or 50 pensioners who had the advantage of experience , it was surprising that no one of the new appointments had been filled up from that list , as their pensions would cease whilst they continued in office . In Mr. Burke 's Bill there was an express provision that , in granting such pensions , regard should be had to the duration of service . But , he was sorry to add , that in later times this bill had been broken in upon . He did not mean invidiously to mention names , though there certainly did appear a few names on the list of pensions whose length of services did not appear to entitle them to the amount of pension granted to them . When we scarcely knew where to send ministers , it seemed to be rather a singular moment for sending out persons without experience , when we had so many retired foreign ministers from whom to select them . commented on the hon . gent . 's introduction of subjects into this discussion not at all connected with , it . On looking into the matter , he was convinced that Mr. Jeffery by the acceptance of this appointment had vacated his seat so completely , that he was not even eligible to become a candidate for re-election . His hon . friend had , however , completely mistaken the common practice , when he supposed that the appointment to the situation of consul , or secretary of legation , necessarily gave a man a claim to remuneration from the public when his office ceased . The fact was , that pensions were never granted to men for having filled the situation of consul , except under very special circumstances . The appoint- 373 ment of Mr. Jeffery would not cost the country a single farthing , and although a salary was specified of 1,500l . per annum , it was because the fees of the office amounted to a much greater sum ; and the arrangement was not made with the view of giving Mr. Jeffery any salary out of the public purse , but for the purpose of applying some part of the established profits of the consulate of Lisbon to the advantage of the country in another way . It was , indeed , desirable , in some respects , to give fixed salaries to the consuls in the manner that was done to the American consuls , in order that the government should have the right of restraining them from embarking in trade . It was thought that the excess of the fees of the consulate at Lisbon above the amount of the 1,500l . per annum would be sufficient to pay fixed salaries to our consuls at Oporto , St. Ubes , Faro , and any other port in Portugal where it was necessary to have consuls ; and by giving them fixed salaries , they might be restrained from engaging in commerce . There certainly was not the slightest idea in the appointment of Mr. Jeffery , of giving that gentleman any claim upon the country for a pension . The hon . gent , was mistaken in supposing that many of the old lists of consuls and secretaries of legation had been pensioned . He believed there was hardly a single instance of it . As for the part that he was responsible for , he could venture to say , that as to those engaged in the lower parts of diplomacy , he had hardly removed one ; and there were striking instances , where he had allowed those to remain in the high situation of ambassadors , where political connections were rather with the gentlemen on the other side of the house . The only ambassador he appointed in the place of the former , was lord G. L. Gower , in the place of the marquis of Douglas . The situation of this country and