does , on the want of importation of flour ? The tone and essence of the letter of the right hon . gent , is , in fact , a mere descant on the ability of this country , to persist in whatever she thinks right . That is pretty good nonsense to talk to any body , at any time , but most of all it is nonsensical to talk such nonsense to America , towards whom we have before been in the habit of using our vain boasts and empty threats , although we afterwards felt their lamentable consequences . I well remember when former ministers talked towards America as the right hon . gent , does now . And this is a point on which he will have much 86 to answer to his country—I say he will have to answer—for I am persuaded , that , nothing that ever was written in this country produced such unfavourable effects on the sentiments of America , as the letter of the right hon . gent , to Air . Pinckney Indeed the very style of the letter is such that nobody can read it without feeling that it is calculated to goad an independent mind almost to madness . And here let me intreat the right hon . gent . to reflect on the effect which it has already produced in America : and let us remember too , that the sentiments of such a meeting as the Congress of America , whenever they are expressed , must be taken to be genuine , for in America there is no influence of the crown to give a false colour to majorities . There majorities must be taken to be genuine . Now , the lamentable effect of this letter was to produce a unanimous Vote in Congress , where , on reading it , there was one general expression of indignation throughout the whole assembly . As to what the right hon . gent . has said respecting the distinction which America has made between our ships of war and those of France : and the . complaint on which he dwelt so forcibly , on tile partiality of America towards France , in the instance of admitting her ships of war whilst ours were excluded—he has totally forgotten , that this exclusion is the consequence of the outrage committed on the Chesapeake , and had nothing whatever to do with our Orders in Council . The Americans having no such cause of complaint against France , had no pretext for excluding her ships of war . As neutrals , the Americans could not refuse admission to the ships of war of France . France would naturally demand the reason for the exclusion of her ships , which as none could be assigned , must be construed into an act of hostility . To England America says , until reparation shall have been made for the outrage committed on the Chesapeake , your ships shall find no admission to our waters . This , sir , has nothing to do with the Orders in Council or the question of the Embargo , and is but perplexing the subject unnecessarily . It has been said that the Embargo in America was laid on before our Orders in Council were known in America—this I apprehend to be a mistake ; for , in the National Intelligencer , an American Paper of the first respectability and authority , a report of a Committee of Congress , renders it clear that our Orders in Council were known there before the 87 Embargo was laid on , and it will be in the o recollection of the house , that a merchant of the first respectability , who was examined at the bar , stated , that he had transmitted intelligence of the Orders in Council to America the very day that they s were known in this country . The result of the letter of the right hon . gent , to Mr. Pinckney , has been to induce America to t renew her Embargo in a manner which we ; could