on this application , namely , that it was desirable to have the prisoner again brought to the bar , and he should not be at all surprised to find that he had brought the paper with him . * See Cobbett 's Parliamentary History , vol . 4 , p. 1033 . 745 In a few minutes capt . Sandon appeared at the bar in custody . What has capt . Huxley Sandon to state to this house ? I most humbly hope that this hon . house will do me the honour of excusing my prevarication ; and I beg to assure them it is not from a bad heart , but a contused head . I am exceedingly sorry I have done any thing to displease this honourable house . I come here to offer every thing in atonement I possibly can , and I hope the house will do me the honour to hear me . If the prisoner has more to offer to the house , this is his time . With regard to the evidence ? Is it to the evidence I am to speak ? You will offer to the house whatever you think becomes your case and situation . I beg pardon of the house for my prevarication , and I beg that the house will do me the honour to excuse my extraordinary behaviour ; and will be assured , that all I have , and all I know now I certainly will relate . With regard to the Note in question , it is not destroyed ; I have it in my possession at my chambers ; if it is required I can go and fetch it ; I think I can put my hands upon it : the note that you were speaking of was given me to shew major Tonyn , and to say that his promotion would not go on unless he paid the money . I took the note , and produced it to major Tonyn , with that message . I shewed him the note , with what I mentioned before , desiring him to wait three or four days . I believe he said what I related to this honourable house before , that he would , in consequence of this note which I shewed him . I brought back the note , and I have it now in my possession . He was gazetted , and the 500l . was paid to Mrs. C. and the 25l . to Mr. Donovan . It this honourable house would wish to see the note , I will go and fetch it . As to who wrote the note , I can not take upon me to say : Mrs. C. told me it was written by the D. of Y . Does the prisoner desire to add more ? I have nothing more to say relative to that ; I only humbly hope the house will do me the honour of excusing me the prevarication I made use of . [ The prisoner was then taken from the bar ; and the house determined that he should be sent in custody to his chambers to fetch the papers ; and that he should be brought before the committee of the whole house whenever they should see fit . After some time the Committee was resumed . ] —Is there any precedent , may I ask , for having two witnesses at the bar of this house at one time ? ( Loud laughing . ) —I apprehend the Committee will call to the bar what witnesses they please . —Before Mr. Reid leaves the place , I beg leave to say , that I never said I was Mrs. Dowler ; he might put what construction he thought proper upon it ; it was very proper that he did , perhaps . That was when the bailiffs were after me . Were there many inquiries made at your house in the name of Mrs. Dowler ? I seldom answer any inquiries at all , I leave my wife to do it ; and , indeed