no necessity for interfering in the arrangements he found made by sir Arthur , 111 and that therefore he had directed him to proceed in completing the work which he had so happily begun . Did their lordships imagine that the gallant general would take to himself thanks for merely acting thus ? In adopting such measures , he had not only evinced the most scrupulous honour , but the soundest discretion , by declining to interfere when he saw the measures taken were wisely taken ; here , therefore , was a clear and convincing proof that he disclaimed all praise on the subject . It had been said that sir Harry was present during the action , as commander-in-chief , but did he make the report of the proceedings ? In the ordinary course of proceedings , if he had conceived himself as acting on that occasion in that capacity , he should have done so ; but he disdained it , and , with a delicacy which reflected the highest honour on him , he caused the rain who had rendered the service , to make the report of that service ; he knew he had done nothing to deserve it ; and his lordship was sure he would only be stung at the thought of thanks bestowed when he was conscious of not having earned them . Their lordships had now to decide whether any thanks at all were to be given ? And to determine that question he would boldly ask , is sir A. Wellesley 's victory found wanting in the scale when compared with any , the most brilliant achievement to be found in military story ? His lordship saw in it everything that was dignified and transcendant , uniting together at once the soundest judgment with the most prompt decision ; collecting as it were by magic the means of commencing his march to meet the enemy ; carrying with him the confidence of the country in his progress ; reaching that enemy , posted in a superior and difficult situation ; and lastly , in the short space of twenty-one days , bringing to issue that great question , which was more likely to succeed , attack or defence between contending armies ? having in the attack made by him on the 17th , and the defence of the 21st August , proved himself eminently superior in both . It was the glory of sir Harry Burrard to have duly admired and done justice to these services ; and on these grounds his lordship was adverse to mixing them together in the same vote . expressed his concurrence in what had fallen from other noble lords , with respect to the brilliant nature of the victories of sir A . 112 Wellesley , and the officers and army under his command , and it was therefore scarcely necessary for him to say , that he heartily assented to the motion of thanks . The chief object for which he rose was , to put a question to the noble lord who proposed the thanks to sir H. Burrard . He disclaimed any intention to cast a reflection upon sir H. Burrard ; but from what he had heard and read it appeared , that if the victory of the 21st had been followed up , the result would have been much more brilliant than it was . He would ask , what were the sentiments of generals Spencer and Ferguson , and others , who were on the spot , on that subject ? He felt interested in the honour and character of sir A. Wellesley , and naturally , therefore , wished for an explanation . The only act of sir H. Burrard , with respect to the battle , was stopping the pursuit . replied , that general Ferguson had given it as his opinion , that , if permitted to advance , he would have , cut off a part of the enemy . General Spencer 's opinion , as to the propriety of advancing , was given in a very cautious manner , and he stated that