to be satisfied unless America compel Napoleon to rescind his Decrees—a thing entirely out of her power . Recollect to what the greatness of this country is owing ; recollect the debts due from America to your merchants , who are anxiously waiting for the result of this night 's proceeding ; recollect the state of your manufactures ; recollect that the greatness of your country is in a great measure factitious . That , this country would be great independent of commerce , I believe ; but it would not by any means be so great ; recollect that its greatness depends essentially upon that commerce , which your measures are about to destroy . Throw France back again into the situation in which it stood before its commerce commenced , throw America back again , and they can still do without you ; but Great Britain has risen through her commerce , to a degree of consideration among the nations of the world which it could never otherwise have attained ; your resources , your population , your navy , essentially depend upon your commerce . Destroy that , and you lose your right arm ; an hon . baronet has this night presented a petition from certain merchants , complaining of the injustice of the American government in the exercise of a mere municipal act . They might have heard of ships having come into this country from Holland ; of their having been detained here in contemplation of a war , and afterwards condemned as prize . Might not the Dutch merchants have , upon similar grounds , complained of the injustice of our government ? But the hon . baronet has an opportunity of contributing to the relief of these petitioners , by voting for the proposition which I shall have the honour of submitting to the house . When we undervalue the American character , have we forgot general Washington , one of the greatest men that ever existed , but who was here so often traduced by one party as partial to Great Britain , and by another as partial to France ? Have we forgot Dr. Franklin , who was so much traduced at this bar ? —I do not mean to move at present for the revocation of these Orders in Council . I am willing that this should be done in the way least revolting to ministers . I do not desire them to do it openly , non coram populo , let them get rid 1180 of them behind the scenes . Let them proceed in their own way , only let the thing be done . I can not better close these , observations than by reading an extract from the valedictory address of the great Washington upon his retiring from office : `` Observe good faith with all nations ; cultivate peace ; attend to the dictates of morality and religion in your intercourse with other states ; for it is impossible that things should be so constituted as to render these inconsistent with sound policy . The experiment is worth trying at least , and the high character for probity which you must thus acquire , will more than repay any temporary advantage which might result from a contrary line of conduct . `` —Then be at peace with America , and with America by your side you may defy the rest of the world.—The hon . gent . then moved , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , humbly to represent to his majesty , that in consequence of certain Decrees made by his majesty 's enemies , contrary to the usages of war and to the rights of neutral nations , and also in consequence of the alledged acquiescence of neutral nations in the said Decrees , his majesty was advised to issue certain Orders in Council respecting the trade of neutrals to and from the ports and countries of his majesty 's enemies ; And that the said Orders were further enforced by certain acts passed in the last session of parliament.—But that both in the said Orders ,