correct in saying , that it was the anxious wish of gentlemen on that side of the house , out of regard , not to their own feelings only , but to those of the royal Duke , that every thing should be as fair , open , and public as possible . But did it from thence follow , that the mode of proceeding , which had been followed , had been forced on the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) ? Except the noble lord himself there was not a dissentient voice in that house against the mode of proceeding which had been followed . The plan adopted , therefore , was not one pressed on the hon . mover ( Mr. Wardle ) , or on the house , by his hon . friend ( Mr. Adam ) , or himself , but was one on which there was not a contrary opinion , but in one or two instances , in the house . A gentleman behind him had opposed the mode adopted for the very reason , if he at all understood the opinions of the noble lord and the hon . mover of the Inquiry , that they would have supported it , namely , that it was too public a mode of investigation , not , as it was now insinuated , that it was calculated to obstruct public justice . If his memory , however , did not fail him , the hon . gent . himself had not stated , that he wished for a select committee , but only for a committee . The noble lord had indeed proposed a select committee ; but no reluctance had been shewn by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) to the mode of proceeding since adopted . It had not been pressed on him reluctantly , but had been acquiesced in by the unanimous and consentient voice of the house . Was it then fair conduct to be observed towards any member of that house ? Was it fair towards the house of commons itself—that they should be represented as guilty of harsh , improper , and unparalleled conduct towards the mover of the accusation—or should be held up to the public as impeding , what every one was more anxious than another , to investigate and bring to light ? If they were to be tried for such an offence , it was only necessary for their acquittal , that their conduct should be fully 663 known ! There never was a case in which more fairness , or a greater desire to afford every assistance in the investigation of truth , manifested itself . It was no wonder , therefore , that his feelings were excited when he heard the conduct of their proceedings so arraigned . He could not forebear , however , referring to one proof of the approbation of the hon . gent . himself ( Mr. Wardle ) of the whole of the conduct of the cause . During the whole of the proceedings there had not been a single division . Not a single proposition , had been insisted on by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) , and in which he persevered , which had not been conceded to him , or in the negative to which he had not acquiesced , by waving a decision upon it . The noble lord would not take it amiss that he , ( Mr. Perceval ) declared his conviction , if there was a member of that house who would not acquiesce in any thing of which he did not approve , without pressing the question to the only moan by which its merits could be properly decided on , the noble lord was that person . In addition to the feeling which naturally attended an adherence to what a man thought right , the noble lord would here have had the peculiar pleasure of holding up his boasted minority , however small , to the applause and admiration of the country—a gratification of which he would not willingly