the march of our army into Spain . When reinforcements also were sent out to this army , instead of their being sent to join it , they sailed to the remotest point of the peninsula , and to the most barren province in the kingdom which they went to deliver—thus rendering it impossible for the commander , for a considerable time , to undertake any enterprize with the smallest chance of success.—After dilating upon these points at some length , his lordship concluded with conjuring them to pause , and seriously to reflect upon the consequences , before they negatived an inquiry which was so loudly called for , both by past errors and the awful results to which , if not speedily corrected , they might eventually lead . said , that the speech of the noble earl did not at all apply to the question before their lordships . He said , he did not want information to criminate ministers , and yet he complained that no information was given ; and he would even have this information supplied with a disregard of all the established forms of parliamentary proceeding . In modern times the method now proposed to incipiate this inquiry had been uniformly and wisely rejected . Why had it been abandoned ? Because such a mode seemed to presuppose a cause of complaint against those upon whose conduct no examination had been instituted . The regular form was to apply for those documents which noble lords should consider necessary to assist their purpose ; and having obtained these , to examine if there were sufficient grounds for any investigation ; and on discovering those grounds to proceed upon the inquiry . The intention appeared to be not seriously to execute the duty the motion manifestly suggested—to search into the real state of the country . What he objected to , was not a full exposition of the condition of public affairs , but to those representations of the national concerns which would paralyse the efforts of the country . He admitted , in common with noble lords opposite to him , that it was an important crisis , that there were times , when all the energies of a mighty people were required to meet the dangers with which we were surrounded : he acknowledged , that we stood on an eminence whence we could discern no intermediate landing places to break our fall , and being 390 in this awful situation , he called upon noble lords , on the other side of the house , not to diminish the general enthusiasm , not to infrigidate the public ardour , but to exert all their talents , and employ all their influence to animate that fervid sensibility on which the national security so essentially depends.—His lordship then adverted to the observations used by a noble lord ( Grenville ) , and said it was to be inferred from those observations that the country was in so awful a state , so pregnant with peril and danger , that the influence of parliament would be of little avail ; in short , that the country was not merely in a 'sinking state , ' but actually sunk . He would not reply to such arguments , however they might tend to delude the public opinion ; but ask if it was possible any man could be so blind to the pre-eminent state in which the country was placed among the Surrounding nations ? That the country was exposed to dangers was manifest , but those dangers had been brought upon us , not by the misconduct of ministers , but by the hatred and ambition of the enemy . England , he said , could not retreat ; she must maintain her station , or sink beneath the power of that individual who sought to enslave her . rose to explain , and complained of his arguments having been mis-stated . He had no wish to delude the public opinion , and was ready to re-state what he had said . Neither did he wish to diffuse despair or despondency , or palsy the