to the publications to which he had before alluded , it should be proved that they were libels , and unfounded in truth . On the contrary , those publications complained of were productive of the happiest consequences to the country , in promoting inquiries which otherwise would never be instituted . The right hon . gent had said , that the privileges of the house were equal to their own protection ; but he never knew from any in 809 stance of the nature now under discussion , wherein those privileges were exerted , that the least good ensued . The right hon . gent , complained of laxity in discipline towards the press of late : it did not appear , however , that the law officers of the crown had been remiss in their duty , if he looked to the numerous prosecutions for libels which were carrying on ; nor was it at all evident , that the courts of law had been criminally lenient in awarding their punishments . Mr. Whitbread then expressed a wish , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in order to obviate a mistake which appeared in his Narrative last night , by the insertion of the word not , would insert the whole of that Narrative upon the Minutes , as he for one was happy to acknowledge that Narrative to be a complete and faithful picture of the proofs he afterwards adduced . denied that he had ever said that any new laws were necessary to restrain the freedom of the press . said that he might have misconceived the right hon . gent , but that he understood him both on this and a former occasion to have said something to that effect . thought the insertion on the minutes of the Narrative alluded to would be an irregular proceeding ; but with respect to what had been said of the Liberty of the Press , though he was one of those who wished to support it when genuine , he could not avoid observing the recent notoriety of its licentiousness ; and if public bodies allowed their proceedings to be misrepresented , it was impossible to say where that licentiousness would stop . He deprecated the severity with which the hon . gent , who last spoke had adverted , though obliquely , to the conduct of the Law Officers of the Crown , and Judges of the land , in prosecuting and punishing libellers . If men were guilty of criminal acts , there were public tribunals in the country to which recourse might be had for justice against them ; but if persons were permitted to take vengeance into their own hands , by publishing their accusations in preference , it was impossible to say where the mischief would terminate . This had been the case in some recent libellous publications , the authors of which were the sources whence some gentlemen had derived the grounds of their Charges , and yet they could make nothing of the proofs those persons were able to furnish . in answer to what had fallen from Mr. Whitbread , said , it would be an irregular proceeding to enter upon the Minutes of the Committee , the whole of the Narrative , by which he had felt it necessary to introduce the complicated circumstances afterwards produced in evidence respecting col. Hamilton and capt . Sandon . Whatever facts were within his own knowledge , he was ready to state if examined , and his answers would be the most regular form in which the subject could appear in the Minutes . rose . He said that an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) had been pleased to declare , that the present law officers of the crown had not been remiss in entering into prosecutions for Libels . That term , well worked up and sent abroad , might produce a very different sentiment in the public mind . Indeed , he himself could not avoid supposing it possible , that by `` not remiss '' the hon . gent . intended to imply