be permitted to see them , and be called on for their opinions before the Committee : and to 840 obviate any objection , it might be ordered that no such persons should be permitted to peruse them , but by an order from the Speaker . thought it would be better that such inspection should take place at the bar , and then the Committee might see any impression , which surprize at the difference , if any should be found , might raise on the countenances of the witnesses . expressed his opinion that the observation alluded to by the right hon . gent. , was highly important , but as it contained a most minute criticism , he thought an examination of the several letters at the bar , would be too brief and sudden for the gentlemen inspectors to form that decided judgment which was necessary . He should therefore prefer the proposition of the right hon . gent . said , he was sorry this had not been mentioned sooner before the Committee , because he thought the more letters written by the D. of Y. , which they had to compare with the Note , the better able they would be to form a decided opinion as to the difference . It had been proposed that Mrs. C. should produce a bundle of the Duke 's letters which she had in her possession , but that not being agreed to at the time , there would not now be an opportunity of having an inspection of those letters along with the others . said , he had carefully perused the note and the two letters , and en a comparison , perceived a great difference in the turn and formation of several of the letters , which made him doubt their being of the same hand-writing . It was then ordered , that all the papers alluded to should be lodged in a box , and delivered into the custody of the clerk , and that they should remain in his custody , but that at particular hours , viz . from eleven to three , they should be shewn to members of the house , and to such other persons as should be authorised by an order of the Speaker . moved the order of the day for the second reading of this bill . His lordship said it was unnecessary for him to take up much of the time of the house on the subject of the present bill . The prin- 841 ciple of it had been fully discussed in the course of last session . Whatever difference of opinion might prevail respecting past events , there was one point on which they were all agreed , namely , that it would be necessary to keep up a large efficient force . The regular army at this moment consisted of upwards of 210,000 infantry and 27,000 cavalry . The infantry was disposed in 126 first battalions , averaging 902 men each , and 56 second battalions , of which the average was about 400 men each . The object of the bill on the table was to render these second battalions complete . To carry this into effect , it was deemed expedient to allow a certain proportion of the Militia to enlist into the regular army . This measure was resorted to in the last session , and had been found most effectual . briefly reviewed the effects of the mode of recruiting the army , contained in the Bill before their lordships , since it was first adopted in 1799 . At that period it was a measure of imperious necessity . The necessity , fortunately , was not so strong at this moment , though still sufficiently so , he must admit , to justify the present measure . He had many objections to the measure . Its object was to provide for the augmentation of the disposable force at the expence of the Militia . He could not approve of the practice of enlisting men for one species of service , and afterwards seducing them into another