you appeared in Holland and Germany as auxilaries , you failed in your efforts ; but true it is , that your force in these cases was comparatively small and the question remained undecided ; the problem is solved however , by what has lately passed in Spain . You professed to send forth the largest army that ever went from England , for the purpose of meeting the force of France ; and what has been the result ? It has been nothing but a shameful retreat before the armies of France , and a disgraceful desertion of the power you anxiously wished to assist . Never can we rely again upon the confidence of any power of the continent in our military exertions , however much they and ourselves may rely on our maritime efforts . This campaign , I say , will have an influence upon the character of England long after all of us shall cease to live . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) observed in a former debate , that it would have been absurd to think of stopping the passes of the Pyrenees , and preventing the French from sending reinforcements into Spain , as there were no less than forty-three passes by which the French could enter Spain . But if a British army landed at St. Andero could be of no avail for that object , if the French could not , by any efforts on our part , have been shut out from Spain , I would ask the noble lord , whether that was not a good reason why a British army should not have been sent into Spain at all ? For any amount of force this country could send thither could not contend against the 4 or 500,000 men whom Buonaparté could pour into that country from France . The noble lord had called this a Pyrenean campaign , but , though I do not presume to decide upon the subject , I must say , that the best informed persons were of opinion that the north of Spain was the most eligible point for the debarkation and first operations of the British army . The French force , in Navarre , at the outset , was not more than between 40 and 50,000 , and if the Spaniards , as they themselves told you , were not able to drive that force out of their territory , how was it possible that you could beat the 3 or 400,000 men 1073 which the French might afterwards have sent to meet you in that country ? I have conversed with no military man upon the subject , who has not declared that from the beginning , it was vain and idle to hope for ultimate success in such a contest , if this vast force of France could not be kept out of Spain , I desire to know why sir John Moore 's army should have been so endangered by the imprudent advance that was made . Was it merely that you could not bear the danger of death , that this most harrassing of all retreats that ever was accomplished , took place ? Was your character so degraded , that it was necessary we should attempt to raise it by such destructive means , in the eyes of the world ? We never , I believe , have met the French upon equal footing , that we have not invariably shewn our superiority . Are not the recollections of Maida , and of Egypt , sufficient to convince you and the world , of the truth of this assertion ? Do not these circumstances , therefore , deserve inquiry ? Is it not necessary to know how ministers have conducted themselves in this expedition to the continent , to know on what principles they have proceeded in a contest in which you entered with so much hope , with so much heart and expectation ? a contest in which every man almost implicitly relied upon raising the power of England , reducing the aggrandizement of France , and delivering Europe from the grasp of