; and ( thanks to the zeal and activity of the different counties ) within six months after that demand 41,500 joined their respective regiments . He was perfectly aware , however of the pressure of the measure , and that it ought only to be resorted to on a great emergency , as also that it was the bounden duty of government , if possible , to mitigate the evils of the ballot , and render it less onerous on the people . It was his intention in the Bill which he should submit to the house , to restrain the volunteering within the same limits as those within which it was formerly restrained . In other words to propose that no regiment should be reduced below three fifths of its full establishment . The 161 last time , however , the legislature adopted this measure , they determined not only to replace by ballot , the loss sustained in the militia regiments , by the volunteering into the line , but to raise an excess ; making in the whole three fourths of the full establishment , viz . 36,000 in England , and 9,000 in Ireland . Now , however , he thought it only necessary to propose to cover the transfer from the militia , for which purpose only half of the establishment would be required , viz . 24,000 men , instead of 36,000 . He apprehended that it would be impossible to get rid of the ballot altogether ; but still an effort might be made to obtain men by a milder process , and to relieve the counties from the great pressure which they had been exposed to formerly . For this purpose he should propose that a great part , if not the whole , of the expence of raising the men should be defrayed not by the counties , but by the public . He should propose that the public should pay the bounty for enlisting , not altogether as high a bounty as would be given for enlisting for more general service , but what he thought would be a sufficient bounty—about ten guineas . If the voluntary enlistment did not succeed , and the country should be compelled to have recourse to a ballot , it was his intention , in that case , to propose that the bounty of ten guineas should be given to the ballotted man as a bounty , if he should serve in person , or to assist him in procuring a substitute . When the country gentlemen and militia colonels should find that the expence was to fall upon the public , arid not upon the . counties , he had great hopes that their local exertions in support of the measure would be more effectual . He was very sanguine in believing , that by this means a sufficient number of men might be got without any material or very sensible pressure upon the country . If , however , his hope was disappointed , and a ballot should be absolutely necessary , even in that case the pressure of the ballot upon individuals would be much diminished by the assistance which they would receive from the public purse . —He was satisfied that this measure would not interfere in any material degree with the regular recruiting , as it was his intention to propose that the bounties to the Militia should be lower than those for the Line . He was also convinced , there was not a man in the country who would not cheerfully submit to the ballot , if the exigencies of the country required it . 162 This was merely to repeat a measure which had already been tried with success ; and that , too , under a qualification which must do away a great part of any objectionable feature for which it was before distinguished.—Having thus put the house in possession of the general outline of the plan which he intended to submit to the consideration of parliament , he concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill , to allow a certain