down appeared to him to have 727 fallen into a misapprehension respecting the practice as to evidence in courts of justice ; for unquestionably it would be a sufficient answer to a repetition of a question in any court of justice , to say that the question had been already answered by the witness . denied that the question of the hon . member had yet been answered . agreed with the right hon . gent. , that the question , `` Whether the statement of Mrs. C. be true or false , '' had not yet been answered ; but the question had been put in a shape which appeared to be pressing hard upon a member of that house . His hon . friend had often declared what he had said to be , that his friends sat on the wrong side of the house . It was possible that Mrs. C. might understand the words of his hon . friend to imply the promise she stated . She and his hon . friend might have a different understanding of the conversation that passed on the occasion . But though he admitted that the question `` true or false , '' had not been answered in a direct shape by his hon . friend , he contended that it had been repeatedly answered in substance . had no hesitation to answer the hon . member 's question if he had known how . He was certainly anxious to get the letters , and had already stated all that passed ; bat it was impossible for him to say what might have been the impression upon the mind of Mrs. Clarke . observed , that there could be no doubt of the propriety of the question . Mrs. C. had stated that the hon . member had made her a promise , and the lion , member denied that he had made any direct promise . The next question , therefore , to ask , was , whether the hon . member had made to her any direct or indirect promise , and , surely , there could be no offence in that . again stated , that he had no objection to answer that question . 'He never had made Mrs. C. any positive promise , and had already informed the house of all that he had said upon the occasion . declared that he had put it in that particular form from a feeling towards the hon . gent . During the examination this night , and fast night , he had observed that questions had been put in an indefinite form , to which answers had been given that did not prove satisfactory to any body . To avoid all ambiguity , 728 therefore , he had put the question in a direct shape , in order to afford the hon . member an opportunity of giving an answer . It was the hon . member who had the conversation with Mrs. C , and it was he , therefore , that was competent to draw the conclusion . thought that it was more a question of conclusion than of fact , and the hon . gent . could not be called on not only to give his own opinion , but his opinion of the opinions of others . said he had done his duty in putting the question , it was for the hon . gent , to answer it as he thought fit , and the Committee to require what appeared to them necessary . I was anxious to get the letters , but made no direct promise that I am aware of . was called for , but was not in attendance . rose to put a few questions to the hon . member ( Mr. Wardle , ) whilst the Committee was at a stand waiting for the witness . rose to order . He thought the proceeding which had just taken place , of the most indecent description . The witness who was under examination had been ordered to withdraw at his instance , because he thought it would not