upon the day appointed for taking that most important subject again into consideration . The 1137 question , as the noble lord had justly observed , was one of the utmost importance , and it was his own wish that in all its parts it should meet the most grave and solemn consideration before the fullest possible attendance of members . He therefore , abstained from any resistance to the motion , feeling as he did , that however unnecessary he might conceive it to be , yet any opposition to it on his part would be subject to animadversions not of the most liberal nature . But in giving his assent to the motion , he trusted that the question of that day would not be further delayed . The motion might have the effect of securing the attendance of all members in town , or within a short distance . But it could not be expected that in so short a notice as eight or ten days , any thing like an effectual call of the house could be had . But it was not because the call could not operate to its fullest extent that it was not therefore to be adopted . assured the right hon . gent , that he had no intention of further postponing the business , neither was any such intention entertained by his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) . thought the call of the house equally unnecessary and improper . He should think it quite impossible that in so short a period as eight days , it would have any effect in bringing gentlemen from the remotest corners of the united kingdom . It would be merely a call in name , and not in effect . From the full attendance of members during the whole of the inquiry , there could be no doubt of a full attendance on the night of discussion ; and although a tolerable opinion of a subject might be formed on written evidence , yet perhaps it was going too far to call on members coming from a distance , who would not have time to examine and consider the printed evidence , after their arrival in town , in order to form their opinions to decide upon so solemn a subject perhaps the day after . approved of the motion for a call of the house , and thought , that although it could not be expected to procure the attendance of members from Scotland and Ireland , yet if it only obtained that of half a dozen additional members , upon such an occasion , even that would be of some importance . also thought the call could not be effectual . It appeared to him that to attempt enforcing this call at 1138 so short a notice , would be an abuse of the power of the house , and tend to defeat its authority on future occasions . Members at a distance would suppose it a serious call , and no doubt expect that they would be allowed a subsequent day to offer their excuses ; so that the object of the present call would be defeated . said he felt the call could . I not be so effective as was desirable , upon so short a notice ; and was himself very sorry it had not occurred to him to move for it at an earlier day . He hoped , however , the house , in justice to its authority , would enforce the call for the 8th of March ; for however it might be afterwards disposed to excuse those members who could shew reasonable cause for their non-attendance then , he could hardly suppose that some question would not arise out of the proceedings of that day of the utmost moment , which would , at an early subsequent day , call for solemn decision , and consequently render necessary the fullest possible attendance of members . thought that a call of the house , on so short a notice , was unprecedented . It was something so preposterous , that when he heard