letters before they would acknowledge their hand—writing , and that at least prepared them for the examination which was to follow . It appeared to be the sense of the Committee , that the Chairman should admonish Mrs. C. , that she was not to read the letters produced to her , but simply to state , upon looking at them , whether or not they were her hand—writing . No . 42 is a piece of the D. of Y . 's letter which had come from Dover with his seal upon it ; it is directed `` George Farquhar , '' and has the same sort of seal as the note that capt . Sandon had here last night . thought , that if capt . Sandon was to be examined any further , the Chairman ought to admonish him , that the House could inflict still farther punishment upon him if he continued to prevaricate . This appeared to he the sense of the Committee , and when the prisoner was again brought in , addressed him to the following effect : `` Captain Huxley Sandon ; I am instructed by the Committee to remind you of the heavy punishment which has been inflicted upon you for gross prevarication , under the infliction of which you are still labouring ; and to inform you , that if you persevere in the same system of gross prevarication , you have not yet experienced all the punishment which can be inflicted upon you by the justice of the house of commons . '' Captain Huxley Sandon.—Mr . Chairman ; I really do not mean to prevaricate ; I am very sorry this hon . house has that idea ; I will speak every thing I know ; it is my wish , I assure you , not to prevaricate ; I will tell every thing I can possibly know . then said , he hoped that capt . Sandon would not be brought again to the bar to give evidence . He had so completely disqualified himself from any sort of credit , that he thought it would be worse than wasting time to ask him any more questions . said , lie by no means differed with the hon . gent , who spoke last , as to the credibility of the witness alluded to ; but he could wish that he might be permitted to appear once more at the bar , as it might be in his power to give some clue , or throw some light , on the papers which had been so recently put under the consideration of the house , in consequence of his prevarication , and the measures adopted thereon : said he wished to obtain the attention of the house to a few observations he was desirous to offer to their attention . It would easily be recollected with what a pompous display of eloquence the right hon . gent . had , on their last meeting , ushered in the statement he had made of a circumstance which he had till then purposely kept back , and which he had then thought proper to bring forward , in an attack upon him , founded on an accusation of his having been guilty of a suppression of evidence . Many and repeated had been the attacks which had been made against him from various quarters since the commencement of this inquiry , and he had endeavoured to treat them all with the indifference which was due to them . That attack , however , which had been made on him by the right hon . gent . In the course of the last night 's proceedings , was of a more serious nature than any of the rest , and he would own that he really felt it as most harshly and most unjustly imputed to him . He had deemed it his first and paramount duty , in the prosecution of this inquiry , to carry it on in such a manner as was most likely to attain the ends of public justice , which was solely and entirely