decide finally upon the transaction itself , assuring them , that there was nothing which government had more feelingly at heart than that the subject should be sifted to the bottom.—He was perfectly prepared to follow the noble lord into all his general points . He thought , however , the noble lord had gone a little too far in saying , that all our exertions had failed , that all the swords of our gallant countrymen had been drawn in vain . This was a cruel retribution to make to all those who had bled for us . That all the consequences of the operations were not such as we could desire , was perfectly true , but the failure , he was prepared to prove , had resulted from causes beyond the power of government to controul . If a power which could only act a secondary part on the occasion did fail , under circumstances that no ministry could direct or obviate , he thought it could make no charge against that ministry , especially when it was recollected that the result was not yet , perhaps , finally ascertained . If a government , entrusted with such extensive means as he allowed his majesty 's government had been on the occasion , could be proved to have been deficient , or wanting in assiduity or zeal , they had a heavy responsibility to answer , and a difficult cause to plead before that country , which had so entrusted them . Under this impression and admission , he was willing to meet the question ; and had every expectation that it would terminate 919 in the exculpation of his majesty 's ministers . ; —As to the object of ministers in sending expeditions , as had been stated , in search of employment , he would only say , that he was sure the expedition sent to Sweden , and that preparing at Cork , were fully as beneficial in their effects to the country , as those sent to Egypt or the Dardanelles . Ministers had at the commencement of the campaign , a disposable force of 5,000 men under genera ! Spencer , at Gibraltar ; of 10,000 men at Cork , under sir A. Wellesley ; and he would ask , was it not better to send those forces to the immediate aid of the cause , than to delay them until additional succours could be provided in England ? The force under sir John Moore could not be calculated on immediately , as its getting free of the Baltic was uncertain . So that there was no probable chance whatever , that these three corps could be brought speedily to act together on the same service , still less in one expedition . They would , at all events , however , ' have amounted only to 25,000 , and was this an army competent , as had been sometimes 6tated , to seize on the Pyrennees , through which instead of one pass there were 43 , and where , instead of an army of 25,000 men , we should have to contend with a French force of 100,000 men in Spain , and upwards of 400,000 men in France , according to the calculation of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) who suggested the propriety of such an application of the British army ? This , however , the noble lord had not attempted to defend , and it was plain he considered the Pyrennean expedition a forlorn hope.—The question then was , what was it most advisable to do with the remaining disposable force ? And here he begged to make some observations on what fell from the noble lord , who seemed to think , that because they had formerly laid a Resolution on the table stating that they had transports for the conveyance of 4,000 horses , they should have been prepared with at least an equal number to meet the emergency which they were then considering ; that a resolution of such a nature had been brought forward he admitted , but