, he had told him nothing ) , he should feel much gratification if the house would comply with the petition presented by a right lion . gent . last night from Mr. Finnerty , and permit him to be examined at the bar , which would put an end to every insinuation respecting his acquaintance with Mr. Finnerty . His right hon . friend , for so he would call him , ( Mr. Sheridan ) , had thought fit on a former night to make an extraordinary attack upon him , respecting his alledged acquaintance with a set of men who were called Foul Conspirators , and that he had derived his information from persons with whom it was disgraceful to hold any communication . He knew of no set of men of the description mentioned by the right hon . gent . If he knew of such men , he would be the first to give them up . He declared to God he neither knew nor could guess what his right hon . friend alluded to ; and wished his right hon . friend had chosen rather to give some explanation who the persons were to whom he alluded , than by an imputation so mysterious to expose his conduct to the comments and misrepresentations of the ministerial prints of the day . If his right hon . friend would be so good as to name any character of such a description as he had stated , and from whom he might have derived unfounded information upon this subject , he would declare all he knew , and do all he could to bring such persons to justice . The next point to which he felt it necessary to call the attention of the Committee was , the evidence given last night by Miss Taylor . It was a duty he owed to that lady to state what he was now about to submit . He understood that that lady had two brothers in the army , and one in the navy ; and when he had told her of his intention to have her examined at the bar of the house , she expressed great unwillingness to come forward ; but when he urged the necessity for her examination , her answer was , 507 that if she was forced to come forward o speak the truth , she must do it at the risk of ruin to her nearest and dearest relations . coincided with his hon . friend , in the wish that Mr. Finnerty might be examined , and said , that so far from having intended to make any attack upon his hon . friend , as he was pleased to term it , on a former night , he merely cautioned him as to the sources of his information , and had sent to hint a message upon the subject by a mutual friend . said , he never had received that message , and observed that his right hon . friend , on the former night , had pretty strongly insinuated that his information was derived from persons of the description of conspirators , with whom it was disgraceful to hold any communication , but without naming the persons to whom he alluded . said , he had used no such phrase as conspirators or conspiracy ; and it was hardly to be expected he should be so indiscreet as to name persons who were yet to give their testimony before the house , and thus to excite prejudice against them . He had no objection , however , to allude now to one of those persons named Donovan , who had yesterday given his evidence at the bar , and whose gross prevarication evinced the kind of reliance that could be placed on any information derived from him . There were also , two others whom he had no objection now to name ; for instance , M'Callum and Cockayne , who , he did not scruple to say , were persons to whose information no credit was to be attached ; and he had cautioned his hon