was on Monday he had waited a long time in the drawing-room , and that on the morning of Tuesday he had seen Mrs. C. for a few minutes , as well as in the evening , as he had before stated . observed , that in the explanation of the hon . member , there was some ambiguity , in as much as the words `` as I before stated '' might be construed to the correction of the former evidence now first given as well as to the former statement of the honourable gentleman . declared that he meant the words `` as I before stated '' to apply solely to the interview which he had with Mrs. Clarke , for a few minutes in her drawing-room , on Tuesday evening , and which he had stated in his former examination . On the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the questions and answers relative to Mr. Wardle 's interviews with Mrs. Clarke on Tuesday , were read from the notes of the short-hand writer , from which it appeared , that in his former examination Mr. Wardle had fallen into an error , which he had in this instance corrected , namely , by stating that he had not 328 seen Mrs. Clarke at all on Tuesday morning . The admission therefore , that the hon . member had seen Mrs. Clarke on the morning of that day , was added to his evidence , but in order to avoid ambiguity , the words `` as I have stated before '' were expunged . then desired the proper persons to ascertain whether Mr. Few was in attendance . He stated that his object was to contradict that part of the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , in which she had said that she never represented herself as a widow , while she lived in Tavistock- 333 place . He believed , he would prove that she had represented herself to the tradesmen in the neighourhood as a widow , and had obtained credit as such , and afterwards pleaded her coverture to avoid payment of her debts . thought it quite needless to go any farther in the contradiction of Mrs. Clarke 's evidence , as she had been sufficiently contradicted already , to prove that she was a person unworthy of belief . Indeed , what the house had heard from herself was almost , if not a together , enough for this purpose . He had suffered great pain in seeing a witness of such a description standing at the bar of that house , and examined with respect to the conduct of his royal highness . Mr. Knight , a most respectable gentleman , had already contradicted her , and he was in hopes that the house would see no further occasion for proceeding in examining into private amours . Almost every member in the house must be convinced that this was a character unworthy of credit , and it was excessively unpleasant to go on with any thing farther about her . It might be thought that he took a great deal upon himself , in advising the hon . and learned gent . as to the course he should pursue . But he considered it as a degradation to the house to proceed farther into the history of this infamous woman , for so he must call her . stated his wish to explain a circumstance adverted to in one of Mrs. Clarke 's letters , in order to prevent any misconception . The child alluded to in the letter was not a child of the duke 's . It was also his duty to state , that this child had long been under the protection of the duke of York , and and was actually so at the time the letter was written , as the letter itself implied , which was nearly two years after the separation had taken place . said , that he hoped every examination would be proceeded in that the case could possibly admit of , as it was of importance that this subject should