. said , it was very unusual , when a Committee was appointed , to anticipate the report of that Committee , by calling for any particular document before the time when the others were to be produced . He doubted not but the Committee would produce that and every other paper relating to the affairs of the Company in due time . compared the conduct of those interested in keeping back the paper called for , to that of a schoolboy he had read of , who would not say A lest he should be compelled to say B . The Exposition called for was of great importance . It could do no harm , it might be productive 1044 of much good ; he therefore trusted it would be brought forward . moved the order of the day for the house going into a Committee on this Bill ; but before going into the Committee , he moved that it be given , as an Instruction to the Committee , to admit a clause into the Bill , empowering his majesty to prohibit , by Proclamation , the distillation of spirits from corn in Ireland , how and when he should think fit . said , it was far from his intention to offend any one ; but it was his intention neither to give nor take assertions without proof . He then proceeded to speak on the consumption of spirits , and the beneficial effects which would result from a more general distillation from sugar . Here he gave in a variety of statements and calculations to shew the bad effects of suffering a distillation from corn to exist , to the extent it did at present . He then spoke of the necessity of manifesting a greater regard for our colonies , by opening a more extensive market for their commodities . No one could be ignorant of the low state to which they had been reduced ; they had now , in some measure , recovered themselves , but unless such a measure as that he proposed was pursued , their situation would inevitably become worse than ever . Adverting to the affairs of Ireland , he strongly censured the idea of any thing like a combination being in existence ; it was a libel on the generous feelings and the understandings of the people of that country . The people of Ireland , he declared , were not averse to the operation of the Bill ; he therefore should move , `` That an instruction be given to the Committee to extend the provisions of the Bill to Ireland . '' supported the measure . He stated , that from Jan. 1808 , nearly six millions of gallons of spirits had been distilled in Ireland , although not one gallon was distilled from sugar during the whole nine months of the operation of the Bill . It was solely the production of clandestine distilleries , although every exertion had been used to execute the laws , and the collectors had been most vigilant . The hon . gent , who opposed its operation being discontinued , had stated that 2,000 quarters of barley had been purchased at Lynn , at 43s . per quarter , for the purpose 1045 of importing into Ireland ; but he ( Mr. F. ) should aver , that no man would have done so unless he was intending to distil it clandestinely in that country , for 33s . per quarter was at present at the medium price . His opinion was , that the agricultural interests of the country should never be invaded but upon the apprehension of scarcity ; and he should prove that there was no such apprehension at present existing in Ireland , to call for the continuance of the former measure . He did not believe that there was a man in Ireland who wished the distillation from sugar to go on , save only those interested individuals , who had attended the meetings which were said to have taken place at Dublin , Cork , Waterford , and Limerick . In regard