, sir , that the expedition to Portugal was the most judicious disposition that could possibly have been made 83 of our force , with a view to free the Great Peninsula from the armies of Prance ; — and we have also been told , that it was the determination of ministers not to divide our force—of the futility of the first , and the inconsistency of the latter of these points , I trust I have already fully satisfied this House . But I very much wish to know , what was the definite object of the expedition to Portugal . Every circumstance connected with that luminously conceived and judiciously executed expedition , induces a conclusion , that the grand military plan of the right hon . gent , was originally acted upon , before it had attained maturity—for it seems to have been dependent wholly on circumstances ; and , if sir Arthur Wellesley was not dispatched with a roving commission , he at least was furnished with extensive discretionary powers , as it was not until after his offers had been rejected by the Junta of Gallicia , and that he had declined the invitation of that of Oviedo , to which Junta sir Thomas Dyer , in a letter to sir Arthur Wellesley , says he had held out hopes of his landing at St. Andero , that he determined to land in Portugal . Now , sir , the British army under sir David Baird did not arrive at Villafranca until the middle of November . And when sir John Moore was dispatched into Spain , I should be glad to know what was the condition of things with respect to our army , and whether , when we entered Portugal , it was intended to make from thence a transit into Spain . The fact , sir I believe is , that two whole months were wasted in consequence of the Contention of Cintra—from the 30th of Aug. to the 13th Oct. our army was locked up , and Gould not go to Spain by sea or by land , By sea you could not go , because the French had your transports : and by land you could not go , because the French troops could not be left behind in Lisbon : and thus by this expedition to Portugal you locked up 32,000 men for two months while Bonaparte was hastening with accelerated velocity from the banks of the Vistula to those of the Ebro . I merely touch on this subject , and do not intend to argue it , because the matter must hereafter be fully discussed . There will be , I dare say , many subterfuges attempted by government , but they have now pledged themselves to meet the question fully and fairly , and I hope all the circumstances will be laid open to the public view , so a ; to enable the people of this country to judge of their conduct , and until that day 84 arrives , I shall say no more on the subject . As to the treaty with Spain , the right , hon . gent , says , that there ought to be a public bond of union and connection between this country and Spain , and the right hon . gent , thinks it necessary for that purpose that we should enter into a Treaty . Now , I have only to observe that when that Treaty is produced it will require on the face of it some explanation . But there is another matter to be observed , which is that of sending money abroad , and entering into this Treaty without submitting it to parliament . What the ministers had done in July , in August , in September and even , in October , I am not disposed to blame ; but in November , when parliament usually assembled , to conclude treaties and send money out of the country without the authority of parliament involves the ministers in a heavy responsibility . Sir , if your opinion were asked on this subject ,