that they had been more than properly diligent . Whether he meant so or not he did not know , but the words were capable of that construction , and would , he had no doubt , receive that construction from some of those , respecting whose conduct a complaint was then before the house . Certainly , what the honourable gentleman had said was not intended for commendation ; but he would appeal to every honourable gentleman in the house who had heard of the publications against which prosecutions had been instituted , and who had read a tenth part of the publications against which prosecutions might have been instituted , whether the law officers of the crown could with justice be accused of a disposition to prosecute too frequently . With respect to the judgments of the courts of justice , the hon . gent , had insinuated , and that not darkly , that they were severe . He fully believed , that the learned and upright judges of our courts , who had pronounced their sentences with deliberation and impartiality , would not want able defenders in the house of commons , if their conduct was fairly , properly , and manfully brought forward ; but he did not think justice was done them , when general reflections were thus thrown out to be re-published by persons , on the conduct of some of whom their judgment had been passed ; avid this under , 811 the authority of the hon . gent , that their judgments had been severe . He had not heard the hon . gent , specify any particular instances of severity . He dared to say that he would not do so ; because the hon . gent , knew that if there was a just , legitimate , and constitutional ground of complaint against them , that was not the way in which it ought to be preferred . Their judgments , he was well convinced , would stand the most severe investigation of the public or of any individual , but then that inquiry ought to be definite ; it should be marked with precision what was complained of , in order to give those against whom the complaint was made some proper opportunity to defend themselves . They ought not to be driven , as they might be driven , by the way in which the hon . gent . 's speech would probably be introduced in some of the newspapers , either to submit silently to calumny , or to descend to what he was sure they never would descend to ; namely , to defend themselves by channels similar to those by which they were attacked . I rise only to say that I am ready and willing , if it be consistent with the forms of the house , to state to what particular judgments I have alluded . was astonished that— spoke to order . He conceived that the house had , for a considerable time , swerved from the object before them . It was perfectly disorderly thus to prolong this debate , or to enter into any examination of the conduct of the courts of justice . in his own conception , was strictly in order . He had entered the house a considerable time after the commencement of the discussion , but he understood that it began with a complaint on the part of an hon . member , of a misrepresentation of his sentiments in a newspaper of the day ; that that occasioned a dissertation on the Liberty of the Press ; that that produced a censure of the prosecutions for libels ; and that that caused , what it was very natural to cause , a recommendation to the hon . gent , opposite , from his hon . and learned friend , that if he complained of the administration of justice , in that house , to do so , not incidentally , or by implication , but in that grave and serious manner which so important a subject demanded . The hon . gent , had