and saved the trouble of those few forced marches , which , as Buonaparté says , it cost them to destroy the Spanish armies . These armies being beaten in the field , nothing remained to the Spaniards but to defend the pass of the Sierra , but there , too , a defeat was sustained , and on the 30th of November it was forced . All this time not a single British soldier had appeared in action against the French . Celerity of movement , quickness , dispatch , and promptitude of action , appear to have been the only things that seemed necessary to the gallant general ; and yet , from what causes I know not , but from some causes hitherto unexplained , no British force found its way into Spain , until ail the Spanish armies had been overthrown , and Madrid had again capitulated to Buonaparté ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Do not these circumstances demand inquiry ? Is it not necessary to know why the character of this country has been lowered by our conduct in Spain ? Is it not necessary to know why our force was of no use to our allies , no injury to our enemies , and that it could effect nothing , but ruin its own military character notwithstanding its superior bravery and intrepidity ? In this situation sir John Moore found himself in the month of December . But it appears that it had been the intention both of sir David Baird and sir John Moore to retreat as soon as they learnt of the surrender of Madrid and the defeat of Castanos , for it was evidently imprudent to keep the field against such a force as the French emperor could then bring against them . Orders , as I have been informed , were actually issued for that retreat , and fortunate I think it would have been had those orders been persevered in , and that retreat commenced at that particular time , if it could have been 1070 effected without injury to those brave troops that composed our army . The opinion , however , of the Commander in Chief again changed , and I desire to know what were the causes that produced the change ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Why , after the capitulation of Madrid , and the advance of Buonaparté as victor , that retreat was not adopted ? I think the house will desire this information . Was this spontaneous interference of the general himself , or was it the official interference of the government at home ? I have heard that sir John Moore did receive dispatches from the Supreme Junta , and from Mr. Frere , urging him to advance . I have heard he received representations from Mr. Frere of the great strength of the Spaniards in the south of Spain , and that if he would attack the enemy in the north , the Spanish cause , then almost lost , might still be retrieved . I have heard that it was urged to sir John Moore repeatedly , that he should advance . I can conceive that this is true , but still our general ignorance demands an inquiry into the veracity of these reports . On the 21st of December sir John Moore arrived at Sahagun , and on the 22d of December the emperor of the French left Madrid with a great force to attack him . On the 24th of that month , such were the effects of this last movement from Madrid , that sir John Moore felt it necessary to retreat again , and under such circumstances too , that if he had remained for 24 hours longer , and engaged marshal Soult 's corps , it was almost next to certainty that not a single soldier of his army could have returned home . I state this upon the authority of officers with whom I have conversed , who gave it me as their opinion , that if the British army had engaged with marshal Soult , it never could have