above him , they were in a situation , de jure , 911 below him ; that , although they were in a situation higher , in point of rank , they were lower in respect of command and power . How that produced harmony , or was likely to produce harmony , we shall see after we have gone through the last stage of this history . Sir Arthur Wellesley landed between the 1st and 10th of August at Mondego-bay , and having been apprised of the progress of the Spaniards , and the surrender of Dupont , he commenced a bold system of operations , which led him to march along the coast , and with respect to which movement , we have sir A. Wellesley 's own word for saying that every thing depended upon the celerity of the execution of the plan ; a plan which has redounded so much to his honour , and supported by British bravery , could not have been otherwise than successful . In the prosecution of this plan , the battle of the 17th took place at Roleia , and was crowned with victory.—After this success , sir A. Wellesley received the intelligence of his being superseded , from his successor , sir Harry Burrard , who arrived off the coast of Portugal on the 18th , but was prevented by circumstances from landing immediately . To this , successor all the defects in the state of the army , which I have mentioned , were immediately obvious , lie saw the want of cavalry and of artillery , and also the insufficiency of the country to afford provisions ; and these form the grounds upon which that officer rested the justification of his subsequent conduct . On the 21st sir Harry Burrard landed , and saw the result of the glorious battle of Vimiera , having superseded sir A. Wellesley on the preceding day , although he did not think proper to interfere with his conduct of the engagement . Sir II . Burrard 's reign , however , was but short ; for , on the 22d , another ' commander in chief appeared . The north wind brought sir H. Burrard ; the south sir Hew Dalrymple ; and scarcely had sir Harry 's sun risen , when it set for ever.— Here I must say , that it is but justice to call the attention of the house and the public to the very peculiar situation in which sir Hew Dalrymple was placed . He had just taken the command of an army which he had never before seen ; and landed in a country with which he was not acquainted . He was committed to a system of operations upon which he had never been consulted . Never , perhaps , was any military officer more 912 delicately circumstanced . I think , general Dalrymple describes his situation in terms peculiarly appropriate ; when he stated that all the responsibility is vested in him , and all the direction is vested in others . One general directed the expedition ; another general concluded it ; and a third directed the consequences that were to flow from it . It was under these circumstances that general Dalrymple arrived in Portugal , and concluded the Armistice which ultimately led to the Convention . It is most particularly necessary that we should be in possession of the circumstances that led to the conclusion of the Convention . They were entirely founded , as we have the authority of this officer for saying , on the situation in which the army was placed . The want of cavalry completely disqualified our army from following up the victory of Vimiera . That want produced the pause on the 21st , which enabled the French to rally and resume their positions . Under these circumstances sir Hew Dalrymple assumed the command ; and from the causes I have assigned he gave his consent to the Armistice . He found the army in good health and spirit ; but with only 130 cavalry and an inefficient artillery ; he felt that to