cause of the Spanish people against this usurpation , and hoped to defeat the object of the Ruler of France , it was impossible to expect that any negotiation : would take place . It could not be supposed that he would give up his object ; it could not be expected that we should give up ours ; it could not be imagined that either party would give up by a stroke of the pen what each expected to obtain by force ; of arms . But though convinced that the Overture was not made in the spirit of peace , and that no negociation could have 170 resulted from it , yet he could not applaud the conduct of ministers in the Answer which they returned to it . They asked of the Ruler of France in their Answer , to give up as a preliminary to negotiation , the most important object for which he was contesting ; because , calling upon him to acknowledge the persons exercising the power of government in Spain , in the name of Ferdinand VII . was requiring to give up at once his views upon the government of Spainߞto give up the very object of his attack upon that country . This , therefore , he contended , was impolitic , as putting us in a worse situation than we might have been , by resorting to another mode of reply , Had the Answer expressed the readiness of this government to sacrifice British objects , for what was certainly a most important British object , the preservation of the legitimate government of Spain , it would have had the effect of placing the French government still more wrong , and of still shewing our determination to support Spain . He could not avoid , however , noticing , that it was stated , that a Treaty of Alliance had been concluded with Spain , although no such Treaty had been communicated to parliament . It was the constitutional practice to lay all Treaties concluded with foreign powers before parliament , that parliament might advise his majesty upon them . Of this Treaty , however , nothing was known to parliament ; he knew nothing of it , and therefore could not speak on the subject , but he must deprecate the practice of making private Treaties , which were not communicated to parliament . His lordship recurred to what he had before alluded to , the Answer returned to the Overture , and observed , that as he could not approve of the terms of it , he must dissent from the Address , which applauded its wisdom and justice . contended , that the question was not with respect to the Answer returned to the Overture , whether the Ruler of France should , at once give up his views upon Spain , but whether the Spanish nation should be admitted as parties to the negotiation ? The noble lord ( Grenville ) had said , that the person exercising the powers of government in France had accomplished his object in two months , and had completed the subjugation of Spain . He was of a very different opinion ; he did not think that Spain was now subjugated ; nor did he think that it would be : the contest in . that country might still be carried to a 171 successful termination on the part of the universal Spanish nation , against that most unjustifiable and unprincipled usurpation , which was now attempted to be imposed upon it . The Answer that was returned to the Overture was , in his opinion , the most proper under the circumstances of our situation and our existing relations with Spain . It was of the greatest importance when such an Overture was made , and made , as admitted on all hands , evidently not in the spirit of peace , that no time should be lost in shewing to the Spanish nation , that his majesty 's government adhered to the pledge given to parliament and the people , in the Speech of his majesty delivered through