every valuable quality that can dignify the man , and enhance the superiority of the soldier ; at once in the prime of life , and the prime of professional desert—giving in the evidence of his past life , the best assurance of what might be expected from his zeal , intrepidity , and talents ; it was yet matter of grateful consolation , that there were circumstances attending the fatality they deplored , which would in a great degree alleviate the national affliction . Though wounded at an early period of the action of the 10th by a cannon ball , the gallant officer continued in the field , and it w ill be grateful to every man who can enter into the feeling of an intrepid soldier at such a moment , with whom life was but a secondary , a trifling object of consideration ; it can not but be grateful to such men to know , that he continued in the field till he saw success confirm the well-judged dispositions and admirable arrangements , he had previously prepared to secure it , in the event of a contest . He brought with him out of the field not only that consciousness , of which no defeat could have deprived him , that of having done his best for his country ; but , that also of having been the means of asserting the military superiority of the British arms , in one of the most splendid and signal instances of unconquerable valour to be found among the annals of our national achievements ; it would be further matter of grateful consolation to learn , that this great commander , to the very moment approaching his dissolution , retained the full possession of his faculties , that his mind did not droop with the faintness of his body , but seemed to derive new and increased vigour from the scene , as if the approach of death was forgotten in the approach of victory . ( Hear ! hear ! ) The house would know how to appreciate the generous principle , that in such an hour made death indifferent , when the sole and 140 anxious wish of his departing moments was—that his country would think well of him , and do justice to his memory , and that whatever was the sentiment of the country with regard to him , that it would not fail to be marked at the present crisis . All that he regretted was , that he had not been able to fulfil all the duties imposed upon him , and finally to rescue from the tyranny of France , the gallant but oppressed nation , in whose cause he bled . He did think that the house was called upon to give some lasting and distinguished proof of the country 's gratitude , for the high and eminent services of this lamented officer , nor should he think it necessary to qualify what he had said , nor should he even rest the pretensions of that great officer upon his services during the late campaign in Spain ; for however that expedition had failed in its ultimate object , whatever disappointment or losses might have occurred with respect to it , there could be no doubt whatever , that the failure was not at all attributable to sir John Moore . ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! from the Opposition benches . ) If by that outcry , gentlemen would be understood to mean that the blame devolved elsewhere , and that his majesty 's ministers were culpable ( hear ! hear ! ) —those gentlemen would have an opportunity of bringing that question to an issue , when without mixing the venom of party-feeling with sentiments more suited to the present solemn occasion , they could enter at once into the inquiry with somewhat less reserve , and certainly mere decency— ( loud cries of hear ! hear ! from the Ministerial benches ) —and strong as he felt himself in the cause of that great officer 's fame and character , he was bold to say