in the plain . In that part of the action which took place in the plain , the enemy had retired in good order . After the battle of 933 the 21st they had retired in great disorder.—And the good order of the retreat in the one case , and the disorder in the other made all the difference . Although it might not be proper without an adequate force of cavalry to pursue the enemy closely , when they retired in good order on the 17th , it by no means followed , that they ought not to be pursued on the 21st , when they had been completely beaten , and had retreated in great disorder . The disorderly retreat of the enemy on the 21st was the ground of his opinion , that they ought to be hard pushed ; and , if they had been vigorously followed up on that day he was satisfied in his own mind , that there would have been no reason for concluding the Convention , which had given to much offence . Now , as to this Convention it was rather hard to charge it upon the government , when , if a certain plan of operations had been followed , the reason for it would not have existed . The necessity for concluding the Convention had been ascribed to the want of artillery ; of horses ; of equipment of various kinds ; but he was bound to state , that , in considering the propriety of concluding an Armistice , and afterwards the Convention , these circumstances had never been taken into account by him , nor by an of the officers concerned in the negociation upon that subject . The only question at all connected with the state of the army in point of equipment was , as to the difficulty of supplying it with provisions , when the whole of the troops should be collected.—The next point to which it was necessary to advert was , that which respected this Armistice and Convention . Here it was proper to consider the situation of the two armies at the time when the Armistice was concluded . The French , after the battle of Vimiera , had occupied a strong position , in which they would have been enabled to stop the progress of a superior force for three or four days . The advancing army , after being occupied for three or four days in dislodging them from that position , would have further to drive them from two or three other lines which lay between the main position and Lisbon , During the whole of this time the French might have been employed in preparations for the passage of the Tagus , which it would have been impossible to prevent.—An hon . and gallant general over the way had adverted to the situation of lord Cornwallis in the American war . Without entering into any comparison between 934 Junot and lord Cornwallis , he had only to observe , that the situations in Which they stood were very different . Lord Cornwallis was shut up in a town and actually besieged , but Junot , instead of this , might be said to have the military possession of the country . Then the hon . general said , `` How was it possible to cross a rapid river from 4 to 6 miles broad , in such a situation ? '' Why , that was matter of opinion ; and it was the opinion of all the officers who were there at the time , and of all the members of the Board of Inquiry , that it was impossible to prevent their crossing the Tagus . He had heard that it was the opinion of a high military authority ( the Earl of Moira ) that if the French had been driven to cross the Tagus , they would have been reduced to extreme distress . His answer to that was , in the first place , that it was the duty of Junot to have suffered that distress , however severe , rather than