, he was fully persuaded that all the Charges made against him were false , and would be proved to be without foundation . said , that he rose for the purpose of submitting to their lordships the motion of which he had given notice some days ago . After the recommendation in the Speech , at the opening of the session ; after the repeated declarations of ministers , that they were willing every part of their conduct should undergo the strictest investigation , he could not have expected that the smallest objection would be made to the motion he intended to make . Rumours , however , had reached his ears since he came down , that it was intended to oppose it . If it should appear that ministers had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the nation , it was his intention to follow up his motion by an Address to remove them . The important , or rather the calamitous , events that had recently occurred—the portentous stale of all Europe—must have made a deep impression on the minds of their lordships . If it should appear that these calamities were principally owing to ministers having misemployed the resources of the nation , there could be no difference of opinion as to the necessity of immediately placing 379 the guidance of the national concerns in abler hands.—Before he went into the consideration of the last campaign , he was anxious to direct their attention to some other subjects . It was now upwards of twenty years since the revolution broke out in France , and in the course of that time the consequences of it had been felt by every nation in Europe . This nation , in consequence of that revolution , had now suffered for 17 years , with the intermission of only a few months , the calamities of war . The question was not whether peace with France , as France now was , would be a benefit . For himself he entertained no hope of peace as long as the hostile mind existed in the ruler of that country . What advantage had been derived from the last peace ? Was it not a peace of distrust , of suspicion , of expence ? Was there any thing desirable in a peace of that description ? No : we must make up our minds to a long and arduous struggle . In any peace that we should make with France , constituted as she at present was , all her energy would be directed in the interval to prepare the means of new hostility , to sap the foundation of our commerce , and to diminish our revenue and our maritime preponderance ; both of which were the result of that commerce . The system of France was regular and undeviating . The vast power she had acquired within these few years , was as much owing to her political dexterity as the victories she had obtained . The way for her triumphs was prepared by the total overthrow of the moral and political feelings of the countries whose subjugation she meditated . See what influence Buonaparté had acquired over the Emperor of Russia—how he had induced him to view with complacency acts from which a liberal mind would have shrunk back with horror—how he had induced him to sign the Letter which was lately laid on their lordships table ! The calamities of Europe were ascribed in that letter to the stagnation of maritime commerce . Was it to the stagnation of maritime commerce that the overthrow of the Germanic empire , the incorporation of Italy , the subjugation of Switzerland , the overthrow of the independence of Holland , the war between Sweden and Russia , the distracted state of the Ottoman Empire , and the atrocious attack on Spain , were to be attributed ? Was it to these , or to the insatiable ambition of every government which had been in France since the commence- 380 ment of the revolution ? Though it was not perfectly regular to allude in that house to what had passed