to be voted to his majesty , he understood it to be as a matter of right in any member to enter into a discussion of the general interests of the country . It might be disagreeable to the ears of Englishmen to hear the perilous situation of their country described , to have enumerated a train of occurrences more calamitous and improvident , probably , than had ever disgraced any nation on the face of the globe ; but still , had he not been instructed by the superior judgment of the Speaker , he should have been of opinion that the honourable member who spoke last , had he not waved the right , was entitled to have proceeded , and might fairly have introduced any parallel instances of atrocity , when told , on the other side , that the act of the emperor of the French , by which this country was precluded from listening to his overtures for peace , was an instance of the most unparalleled atrocity which had ever disgraced any country . He felt no pleasure in recalling to the recollection of the house the calamities and burdens under which the people of this country groaned . He did not wish them to look back to what was past , but with the recollection of past occurrences in their minds to look forward to what yet remained ; and to consider well that a continuance in similar courses might ultimately prove fatal to this land . Whatever were the merits of Buonaparté which unquestionably would not be fairly discussed in that house , it would , at least , be allowed , that he knew the best means of accomplishing the objects he had in view . Having , then , received from him a taunt as to an unprotected part of our dominions , let us take the hint , and by an act of our own render a repetition of the taunt unnecessary . It had been said , that beat a fool-in a mortar with a pestle , he would never quit his folly ; we had been beat in a mortar for many years , but what had we got but disgrace ? If we were to assist the Spaniards , it was the 236 duty of ministers to see that there was a rational hope of attaining our end . In his opinion there was not any such rational expectation.—The absurdity of acting on the divine right of kings had been the misfortune of this reign . In support of it we had made an unavailing waste of blood and . treasure , but we had never yet embarked in any legitimate object . We were now smarting under the effects of war with America , and the burdens with which we were loaded by the corrupt ministers of those days . It suited the right hon . gent . [ Mr. Canning ) to-night to say , that the internal government of a country should not be interfered with . How did this doctrine accord with the idea of the contest in which , for the last 15 years , we had been engaged with the French , simply because they chose to alter their internal form of government ? Instead of a monument to the memory of the minister who involved us in such a war , he deserved to have lost his head on the scaffold . In addition to the other losses our armies in Spain had sustained , he thought the life of the gallant officer who commanded the expedition to have been too dearly sold for Ferdinand VII . If he was rightly informed , there were bulletins in town , in which , notwithstanding the acrimony of the French ruler , he does ample justice to the bravery of our army and its gallant commander . He could not believe that men who , like our present ministers , could see no merit in an enemy , were fit to rule over a generous people . He begged , however , to disclaim the idea of being the advocate of