to be due to sir H. Burrard , or whatever political demerit might attach elsewhere , it was still open to the house ; but , if the Amendment was persisted in , when the speeches of the day were forgotten , the Journals would exhibit to posterity what would be injurious to the character of sir H. Burrard , without the possibility of explaining it ; he , therefore , requested his hon . friend to withdraw his Amendment , as , besides these disadvantages , it would preclude the free and unequivocal thanks of this house to the other officers , and to the army of Vimiera in general . He said it was impossible for him to speak on this question without considerable emotion , as thanks were to follow , among others , to a person in whom he felt the deepest in- 158 terest , he meant genera ! Ferguson , whom he considered not merely as a friend , but as a son , the companion and friend of his sons , who were fighting the battles of their country . He felt for him a truly parental affection ; and he knew , from the best authority , that sir A. Wellesley had said , that the intrepid gallantry and conduct with which general Ferguson had led on his troops to the charge , was the finest thing he had ever seen in his military service . Mr. Adam added , that he could not help feeling most anxiously , on every account , that thanks , which comprised no opinion , and impeded no inquiry , and did not preclude future thanks to the services of sir H. Burrard , as the result of inquiry , should be voted without altering their original form ; and that the country , the army , and the world , should feel , that the gratitude of this house was the constant and invariable reward of great military achievements . had no hesitation in complying with the recommendation of his hon . friend , in withdrawing his Amendment . He remained , however , of the opinion he had already expressed , that sir H. Burrard was entitled to the thanks of the house ; but as his hon . friend had stated that the vote of this night would not preclude him from afterwards receiving that testimony of approbation to which he ( Mr. W. ) contended his conduct entitled him , he should not press the introduction of it into the vote of this night . He agreed most cordially with his hon . friend in the sentiments he expressed in regard to general Ferguson . He was satisfied that sir A. Wellesley and general Ferguson must go down to posterity as the most distinguished heroes of Vimiera.—The Amendment was then withdrawn , when the Resolution for a vote of thanks to sir A. Wellesley was put , and carried , with the sole dissentient voice of lord Folkestone . The thanks of the house were next voted to major-generals Spencer , Hill , and Ferguson ; and to brigadier-generals Ackland , Nightingale , Fane , and Bowes , and the officers under their command . A Resolution was then agreed to , expressive of the approbation of that house , of the conduct of the noncommissioned officers and privates . then rose and said , that in calling the attention of the house to the important motion of which he had given notice for that evening , he had the satisfaction of feeling , that although the subject was of 159 the greatest magnitude , it would be necessary for him to trespass but very shortly on their time at the present period . The necessity for taking measures to encrease the regular and disposable force of the country without impairing the home defence , had been recommended to the consideration of Parliament in the gravest manner in the Speech from the throne , and he was convinced , that on no topic of that Speech was there a more general concurrence of sentiment in that house . It was unnecessary for