, and where it might be publicly known afterwards . then stated , that it was the duty of the Chairman to inform the witness , that she had a right to appeal to the Chair , if any question should he put to her which she might think improper to be answered . He therefore moved that ( he Chairman he instructed to make that Communication to the witness on her being called in again . observed , that the question had already been thrice put to the witness , and twice approved of , and the answer to it pressed by the Chair . notwithstanding the witness 's manner of giving her evidence , and 450 setting her character and conduct out of the question , was still of opinion , that , be she who she might , she was entitled to the protection of the committee ; and he must say , that , from the course of questions which the hon . member was putting to her , he thought it very likely that some of them would be such as one would be unwilling to answer , and might be improper to be pressed . He therefore thought that the Chairman should be instructed to inform the witness , on her being called in , that she had a right to appeal to the Chair , if any question should be put to her which she might be unwilling to answer . bad carefully confined his examination to two distinct points already before the house , and upon which the house seemed extremely anxious to obtain information ; and there could be no stronger ground for pressing the question , in order to ascertain who had been at the witness 's house on the occasion , than the petition that day presented from a person who was anxious to shew that he had not been there . informed the hon . member that he had mistaken the object of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , if he supposed that he had any intention to justify the witness . His sole object , was to procure for her that protection , which , in any court of justice , would be afforded to a witness , and without which a witness at the bar of that house would be in a miserable situation . said , he would always be obliged to the committee for instructing him in his duty ; but as the question when put had not been objected to , he was bound to suppose that it was a proper one to be pressed . He wished to be instructed by the committee , whether he was to tell the witness , when called in , that she might appeal to the Chair . wished the hon . gent . in order to save the witness the pain that must arise from the course of examination he was pursuing , to name the person whose presence at the house of the witness he wished to ascertain from her own testimony . The hon . gent . must be aware , how easy it was to put the feelings of a witness , in such a situation , to the most painful trial . declared , that he agreed most perfectly in the feelings of the hon . gent and that protection ought to be extended to the witness . It was impossible to foresee what mischief might arise from press- 451 ing such questions , if it should appear that a number of married men had been present . was of opinion , that the witness , on being brought back to the bar , should be informed , that she must give a direct answer to the questions that should he put to her , but that she might appeal to the Chair . concurred in the course proposed by the right hon . gent . Undoubtedly , no man but the hon . gent . could know what purpose he had in view , but he recommended to him to consider , whether this course of