be the case , but he was at the same time bold to say , that those delays had , in a great measure , proceeded from a voluminous political treatise which had been introduced by the hon . gent , who was chairman of the Committee , and he believed that every opposition that paper had met with , either from himself , or any other hon . member of the Committee who thought proper to object to it , arose from a consciousness on their parts , that the paper , he alluded to , contained many particulars relative to the prerogative of the crown , and other matters not at all relating to the expenditure of the public money , and which he himself and the gentlemen who thought as he did , from time to time opposed , because they did not think it proper to register the hon . chairman 's edict , without having examined its various contents and their several bearings ; more especially , as he thought that it contained many things which were never in the contemplation of the house to enquire into when they appointed the Committee . For his own part , he had been actuated by no other motive than a real regard and zeal for the public interest , and as such had 123 pursued the line of conduct which appeared to him most conducive to that end ; and he should , therefore , by no means regret his name being left out of the Committee , if the house should think proper to revive it . bore testimony to the diligent , active , and enlightened conduct of the chairman , who , in preparing his Report , acted in compliance with a request of the Committee , and in conformity with the general practice of all committees . For his part , he would attend the Committee , because he hoped to benefit the public by so doing . thought the attack of the hon . gent , who had spoken last but one as most unkind upon the chairman , to whose diligence and ability he bore ample testimony , having attended as regularly as any member of the Committee . The Report had been produced by the chairman when a return had been made of the public establishments . There had certainly been a considerable difference of opinion as to many very important points among the gentlemen who composed the Committee ; but , he believed , none which were made from any other motive than that each individual thought it his duty to oppose every matter which he did not think for the public interest , or not within the view of the house in appointing the Committee . The question respecting Sinecure Places had been debated during five days , and in the end agreed to in a large and full attendance , when there were nineteen members present , and yet that passage , which he should ever regret , as having been left out of the Report , had afterwards been expunged at a meeting which took place , when many of the members of the Committee had left town or neglected to attend , in consequence of an impression that the business of the Committee had been brought to a close for that session : as to the delay that had taken place in the proceedings of the Committee , it was chiefly attributable to the lion , member on the floor ( Mr. Wharton ) who bad spoken no less than eight different times , as he distinctly remembered , upon the passage , to which he had alluded , and yet said nothing in the last seven times that he had not said in the first , nor any thing in either instance , that he had not said seventy times before . stated , that most of the longest debates had taken place in the Committee upon the subject of certain 124 passages in the political treatise of the hon . gent , which would have gone to disjoint the state , and which