placed on the Minutes , as they were the only true representation of their proceedings . rose to ask a question of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , but was called to order by who objected to any examination of his right hon . friend , because he had not stood forward as a witness , but merely produced a statement in answer to a question which had been put to him . had not meant to examine the right hon . gent. , though he saw no reason why he should not , if necessary , be examined as well as any other member of the Committee . The noble lord then put a question respecting the amount of some , drafts , and the times at which they were drawn , to which the Chancellor of the Exchequer replied , in sums of 200l . and 150l . each ; and between January , 1804 , and May , 1806. thought that the course suggested by the right hon . gent. , of referring the matter to a select Committee , would have been the wisest . in this protracted investigation , deprecated any proceeding , such as the appointment of a select Committee , which would protract it still more . What would the house or the public wish for more , than that 16.000l . should be spent in two years on such a baggage as this.— ( Loud and incessant laughter , intermixed with cries of Order ! ) For his part he thought it might have been seen from the shuffling way in which she answered the first six questions put to her , that they ought not to have proceeded with this silly and foolish inquiry.— ( Order , order ! ) —The hon . gent . protested , for some time , against the cry , but was at length compelled to sit down . A Member observed , that the impression made by the statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , was , that the 5,000l . were in addition to the 10,000l . mentioned by the right hon . gentleman . stated , that the 5.570l . were included in the total sum of 16 , 761l . wished to know whether 16,000l . was the utmost limit of the expence gone to by h. r. h. on that occasion . stated , that when his right hon . friend mentioned that sum , it was only to negative the statement which had been made by the witness 830 ( Mrs. Clarke ) , and which had gone very far abroad , that the Duke did not allow her more than 3,000l . in three years . The object , however , of the statement was by no means to ascertain what had really been paid , but merely to negative an erroneous statement which had made some impression . said , that the only reason why he doubted , whether those papers ought to be referred to a Committee , was , that it would be very difficult to bring the matter to any thing ; like legal proof . All the proof that there could be of the payment of the 5,570l . could only be , that such sums had been paid by the Duke 's bankers , and that packets had afterwards been sent by the D. of Y. to Mrs. C. Whether those packets did or did not contain the stuns stated , as having been received from the bankers , could only appear by the asseverations of the D. of Y . As that was not legal proof , he doubled the propriety of leaving the papers to a Committee . After some desultory conversation , it was resolved , that the letters taken at capt . Sandon 's lodgings , should , when proved ; be read in evidence . observed , that , it would be better not to permit the witness ( Mrs. C ) , who was to prove the hand—writing , to read the contents of the letters . It often happened that witnesses chose to read the