the Commander in Chief to conduct a levy in the years 1804-5 . The colonel was introduced to Mrs. Clarke by capt . Huxley Sandon , and the condition upon which he obtained his appointment was , that Mrs. C. should have one guinea out of the bounty of each man raised , together with the sale or patronage of a I certain number of the commissions . The agreement being concluded , it was communicated to , and approved of , by the Commander in Chief . Col. French was accordingly sent by Mrs. Clarke to the Horse Guards , and after many interviews , the levy was sent on foot . As the levy proceeded , Mrs. Clarke received several sums of money from col. French , capt . Huxley Sandon , and a Mr. Corri . She also received 500l . from a Mr. Cockayne , who is a well known solicitor in Lyon's-inn , and a friend of captain Huxley San-don 's . But , to return for a moment to Mr. Donovan , the garrison-battalion lieutenant . This gentlemen , who was such a prominent agent in those transactions , was acquainted with an old officer , a Captain Tuck , whom he very strongly recommended to seek promotion ; and to encourage hint by a display of the facility with which it might be attained , he sent him a written scale of Mrs. Clarke 's prices , for different commissions , which , in stating , I beg leave to contrast with the regulated prices of the Army . seconded the motion . said , that he did not rise to give any opposition to the motion . ( Hear , hear , from the Treasury Bench . ) If he did so , he would ill consult the wishes and worse consult the interests of the Commander in Chief . From a regard to the interests of the Commander in Chief he felt unfeigned satisfaction , that , at length , an opportunity was afforded of instituting an effectual inquiry into the grounds of the various calumnies and misrepresentations which had of late been so industriously circulated against that illustrious personage . The facts which the hon . gent , had brought forward were of the most serious nature , and well deserved 188 the attention of the house . He hoped the house would go into the inquiry , but listen to no charge unless it was clearly and distinctly stated . Charges on these or any grounds distinctly stated , his royal highness was ready to meet , and even desirous of going into the investigation . This , he believed , was all that was necessary for him to say in this stage of the business ; but he requested the indulgence of the house while he made a few observations not foreign to the question . With regard to the private transactions stated by the hon . gent . he had never heard of them before , and therefore could not be prepared to give an answer . But he could contradict those that were stated to have occurred at the Horse Guards . The papers respecting the half-pay fund were before the house , and he had stated in his place , without being contradicted at the time , that his royal highness had given up a great part of his patronage for the benefit of that fund . It was needless to go into the facts , more particularly as a full inquiry would necessarily take place . He would only remark , that the thanks which the house had been conferring on the army reflected no small credit on the Commander in Chief . His gallant friend near him ( sir Arthur Wellesley ) might perhaps , state of what description the army was which the Commander in Chief had put into his hands . Could the army have achieved the great exploits , for which it had been distinguished , if it had been ill-managed for a series of years . It had been universally allowed , that to make courage available in the