they had got this God-send , they were not at all prepared to profit by it ; and that therefore , 3dly , If the hon . general 's success had been completed in the way that he had proposed , they would still less have been prepared ; and have made it still more evident , that they had sent the troops into Portugal in the most headlong , blundering manner , without the least idea of what they were to do , or what plan was to be pursued in different results that might be supposed.—But the noble lord had attempted to answer a part of these charges , by justifying the state , in which the Expedition had been equipped originally and sent out ; and asserting , that cavalry was not necessary to its success , because victories had been obtained without cavalry . Who had ever said , that victories might not be gained without cavalry ? The glorious battle of Maid a , the reduction of every fortress was an instance . I wonder the noble lord , when he was about it , did not cite the victories of St. Vincent and Trafalgar . There are battles however , which are not to be won without cavalry . But whether that were so or not makes no difference . The question here is not about gaining victories , but about improving them . The victory here was gained , and perhaps with no very material use of cavalry : but for want of cavalry it produced nothing but the Convention , instead of producing , as is hardly denied , the instant and unconditional surrender of the whole French army.—The hon . general had stated , that , as the Expedition had been originally destined against the Tagus , no cavalry was necessary . And here he must notice the sarcasm of the noble lord , in which , with his usual correctness of statement and argument , he had adverted to the Expedition sent by the late administration to the Tagus , to which no cavalry was attached . Unquestionably , on an expedition to the Tagus no cavalry was necessary , but though ministers now thought proper to say , that the present expedition had been originally destined for that port , he had hitherto understood , that the hon . general had been sent out with a roving commismission , not certainly authorising him to proceed to the East Indies , to Surinam or Buenos Ayres , but to commence operations upon any part of the Peninsula that he should think proper . The hon . general did land in a part of Portugal where cavalry was necessary , and consequently 944 the want of that species of force produced the failure of the campaign , and constituted a heavy ground of accusation against the noble lord . It had been charged upon the late administration , that they had neither provided nor left to their successors any cavalry transports ; but as they had no object for the employment of cavalry , why should they have put the country to the expence of keeping them ? The noble lord had boasted , that , as soon as he and his friends came into office , they had provided transports for 4,000 cavalry ; but if they had had no object for the employment of cavalry , the noble lord must have got the transports for the sake of his argument , and if so , he must say , that the noble lord 's argument cost the country very dear . Yet when the occasion did occur for the employment of cavalry , the noble lord had no provision for their conveyance , and therefore so far as the Convention is bad , as it had been produced by a want of cavalry , so far ministers were condemned even upon their own shewing.—There was another argument which had sometimes been adverted to , and which had been renewed that night , as to the quality of the horses sent out with the Expedition , which it would be