have been an answer to his letter , if his name had not been joined 225 with that of Buonapartéwho had not been acknowledged as Emperor by this country . This country had , however , at the Treaty of Amiens , recognized him as Chief of the French nation , and First Consul ; and the change of his title could not make any essential difference or objection to treating with him . Whenever we thought proper to negotiate with a man , who , from his great successes , as well as his power , had some right to be delicate about the point of honour , we ought not to begin by any thing like insult . He thought , indeed , that the right hon . gent , should be more careful in the composition of his State Papers , and that he should abstain altogether from indulging that sarcastic vein which so much amused his friends in that house , and which he conceived to be so successful in opposing his political antagonists . In his official note sent in answer to the letter of the two Emperors , the right hon . secretary , in his opinion , might , when speaking of the basis of the Uti Possidetis , have abstained from that parenthesis of its having been so much the subject of discussion formerly . In the note of the right hon . secretary , it was stated , that `` the king had uniformly declared his readiness and desire to enter into negotiations for a general peace '' . It was certainly true , that this sentiment was often expressed in the language ministers thought proper to put into the mouth of his majesty ; but he could have wished to have seen conduct corresponding to those professions ; and in that case , he believed that the country would have had a secure peace a long time ago . He remembered , that , upon the failure of two attempts to negotiate with republican France , it had been formerly stated in that house by a minister ( lord Melville ) , that `` the country had had a lucky escape from a peace '' . He firmly believed that there hardly ever was a time when the gentlemen on the other side of the house had any sincere wish for peace . He did not pretend to say that the overture of Erfurth could have been received in any manner that could immediately have led to peace ; but still the negotiation might have been so managed as not to increase the hostility or rancour between the two governments.—As to the second paragraph in the note of the right hon . gent , that his majesty could `` not be expected to see with unqualified regret , that the system devised for the destruction of the commerce of his subjects had recoiled upon its authors 226 or its instruments '' , this was a sentiment which appeared to him altogether improper to put into the mouth of a benevolent king , nor was it a language fit for a Christian country to hold to the Christian world . It appeared to him to be indecorous and improper in every point of view . Why should the right hon . gent , say he rejoiced at commercial evils being retorted upon our enemies and their instruments , unless it could appear that our enemies were thereby humbled or weakened ? If it was meant as a retort , the retort was unsupported . France was not humbled . Buonapartéwas progressively advancing in his career to the subjugation of Europe ; his power was by no means diminished ; and so far from the insurrections which were predicted in the South of France , there did not appear to be either insurrection or murmur throughout the whole of his universal empire.—The next paragraph of this note , he contended was false from the beginning to the end : it stated , that `` the war in which his majesty is engaged , was entered into by his majesty for the immediate