our gratitude and our glory—is it to go abroad that a part of that venal press , which would enlist itself into the service of the minister , was authorised to counteract the professions of ministers themselves , the sense of that house , and the wishes of the country , by assiduously circulating slanders , poisonous to the fair fame of that great character which is now peculiarly our own , and which our vote of this night will go to identify with the honour of the country ? I would be far from imputing to the noble lord the having given the print in question any such authority . I have a right to conclude , that his opinion of the transcendant merit of the distinguished officer whose loss we have so much reason to deplore , is as high as any entertained by any member of this house 144 [ here lord Castlereagh signified his assent ; ] and when I allude to this pitiful attempt of a journalist to tear from a gallant soldier 's grave the laurels his country 's wishes have planted there for ever , it is merely that the attempt may be marked and exposed to merited reprobation—an attempt which , when once the sentiments avowed by the noble lord this night shall be made public , will never again be repeated : the editor will see his error , in his mistaken anticipation of the opinions of those he wishes to please , and desist from a repetition of his calumnies . It becomes us , however , as the guardians of the public honour , in vindication of our judgment in discriminating , and our sincerity in rewarding , while we are erecting a monument in commemoration of the great general who is gone , not to look with indifference at any base attack upon that less perishable memorial he has left us—his character—dearer to him than monuments , and more durable than marble . ( Hear ! hear ! ) In saying this , I would not be understood to insinuate , that though death canonized great men , it should yet be a shelter for misconduct . If there has been misconduct , trace it to its proper source ; visit its consequences upon its proper authors ; but let every vile attempt to transfer the blame from the guilty living to the blameless dead be scouted with a manly and an honest indignation . I am not for repressing useful investigation , but for restraining wanton calumny ; and at least until those brave partners in his hardships and his glory are landed on our shores , who are the most competent evidences to his merit , it is not too much to expect , that till then , at least , the voice of censure be suspended.—The noble lord repeated his approbation of the motion , and sat down amid cries of Hear ! hear ! from all parts of the house . then said , that as great part of the glory and splendour of the transaction was . owing to the spirit , activity , zeal , and enterprise of the navy , he was sure the house would most readily agree to bestow on the officers and men engaged in that part of our service the same distinguished mark of their approbation as they had just accorded to those of the army . He moved , therefore , the Thanks of the house to rear-admiral De Courcy and rear-admiral sir Samuel Hood , and the officers under their command , for their exertions in aiding the enterprize of our troops at Corunna . Also an acknowledgment to the non-commissioned officers and seamen , of the approbation of the house for their exertions , activity , and zeal on the same occasion.—Both the resolutions were put and agreed to nem , con . rose , to make his motion for the Thanks of the house to sir Arthur Wellesley , and the officers and men under his command , for the brilliant victory they had obtained at the Battle of Vimiera . —Whatever differences