would be the last Court of the kind to which the investigation of the conduct of officers should be submitted.—As to the Letter sent by his noble friend , desiring his superior officers to consult him particularly , had he been aware of the existence of such a document , he should have felt his situation very uncomfortable . But he must say , that from the first hour these officers landed , nay 936 even before they had landed , he perceived that lie was not in possession of their confidence . He , however , had done every thing he could to forward their objects , though he differed from them in opinion . This was what he considered as the great distinction between military and civil inferior situations . If , in a civil office , the inferior differed materially from the superior , he ought to resign ; but in military appointment it was the duty of the inferior officer to assist his commander in the mode in which that commander might deem his services most advantageous . If he thought himself capable of giving advice , and of suggesting plans , it was his duty to endeavour to carry them into execution . But , if the commander did not think proper to listen to his advice or suggestions , it was his duty to assist his superior in that way which to that superior might appear most eligible ( Hear ! hear ! ) . This was the principle which , in his opinion , ought to regulate the conduct of military officers . It was a principle on which he had on that occasion , as ever before , acted , and on which he ever would act . should be sorry to have it supposed , that in rising after the hon . general , he had a wish to do away any part of the impression which his speech could not fail to have made . Nothing could be more clear , fair , and manly than the manner in which the hon . general had spoken of all the persons with whom he had acted , and of all the transactions in which he had been concerned . He ( Mr. W. ) must necessarily feel diffident in delivering any opinion on subjects of which he could know so little as of military operations ; and was well aware that , in offering his testimony to the merits of the hon . general , he was offering what was of little value . But he could not , for his own sake , abstain from expressing how entirely he concurred in opinion with the views and conduct of the hon . general ; not only in those parts where his measures might seem to have a voucher in success , however he might still think some of them questionable in point of prudence ; but in those also where the intentions of the hon . general had been unfortunately over-ruled . Though there was nothing to which he ( Mr. W. ) was in general more adverse than to confident judgments on professional subjects from persons not professional , and that it might be true in part that the merit of an officer could not be judged but by a judgment 937 on the merit of his particular measures , yet there was a certain character of talent and ability that might be capable of making itself visible even to persons the most unlearned , and might shew the superiority of one player over another even to those who were most ignorant of the game . It was impossible not to discern in the whole stile of the hon . general 's conduct , those characteristic marks , which have at all times , and not least in those in which we live , distinguished the successful from the Unsuccessful side , the victor from the vanquished.— But the statement of the hon . general , though proper for him to make , and satisfactory for his justification , was no vindication of his majesty 's ministers upon the present