introduced this clause by surprize upon the house in the last stage of the bill , without having allowed any opportunity for considering it in its various bearings . It was a clause which would go totally to change the established order of the Militia , and went in a particular degree to affect the regiment with which he happened to be best connected . It would operate as a premium to those counties which had been negligent in carrying into effect the Militia act , and tend to encourage such negligence for the future , while it would operate as a heavy and oppressive penalty on those counties which have done their duty by completing their ballots , as it was upon such counties only this bill would have operation , by creating the necessity for a new ballot 652 where the ballots had already taken place to their fullest extent . said , this clause did no more than carry into effect the principle of the former Militia Enlistment bill , which allowed the privates in each regiment , to the number of three-fifths , to enlist into the line . With regard to any partial oppression upon counties which had completed their ballots , and the operation as a premium to others which had not completed their levies , apprehended by the hon . gent , his fears were groundless ; for by the last returns of the different counties , it appeared that of the 36,000 men to be raised , the deficiency was not more than 2000 and a fraction , so that the operation of the bill must be general . Besides , in the other bill which he meant to bring forward on the subject , a very considerable relief would be afforded to the ballotted men , towards the means of providing substitutes . joined in the objections of col. Frankland . had no objection to withdraw the amendment , not wishing to press it without allowing time for further consideration . observed the clause had now passed the first and second readings , and was agreed to by the house , and therefore could not be withdrawn consisently with the forms of proceeding . The Clause was read a third lime and agreed to . Several other amendments were then moved by lord Castlereagh , and agreed to.—Upon the question being put that the bill do pass , rose to object to it altogether , as being a measure introduced in direct violation of what he always understood to be the positive pledge of the noble lord upon the introduction of his former bill ; namely , that it was not to be adopted as a regular and permanent system , but only to be resorted to on great and urgent occasions . It was upon the strength of this promise that many gentlemen were induced to agree to the principle , who never expected that the noble lord would convert a measure , avowedly of temporary pressure , into a regular and permanent system . But now , without stating any such emergency , the noble lord revived the measure , and seemed to rest upon it as a regular expedient for recruiting the troops of the line . But the measure itself could not fail to produce the most mischievous effects upon the discipline 653 and morality of the militia regiments themselves , by exposing the privates to be tampered with by intoxication and other means equally destructive to morals and discipline , in order to induce them to enlist ; and therefore , even if it were objectionable upon no other ground , it was highly so upon this . One great object of keeping up the militia force within the country , was , that it might be ready to meet an enemy in case of invasion : but if by the principle of this bill the best disciplined men of the militia regiments were to be drafted into the disposable force , and the militia regiments thus reduced to skeletons , and left to be filled up with raw levies , the noble lord would not