its own dignity , and the more especially so , in consequence of the recent offences committed against that dignity during the course of the late inquiry ; and he would go farther ; he did not think it enough , that that house should visit with its just resentment those persons only who had been detected in prevaricating at their bar , but those also who were guilty of advancing a falshood in their testimony . The house had sufficient powers to punish every insult offered to its dignity , and in punishing those who had been bold enough to utter falshoods at their bar , 1157 they would only discharge that duty due to the maintenance of their inquisitorial character . The remedy lay with themselves ; indeed , perhaps , it did not lie elsewhere ; for he believed ( and he appealed to his hon . and learned friend near him ) , that there was no precedent upon the books of an indictment for false testimony given at the bar of that house . He did not mean to pledge himself that false testimony given at the bar of that house , would not be an indictable offence , but he did not recollect having ever heard that any person had been indicted for such an offence . In making these observations he did not wish to throw a shield or a screen over genl . Clavering , but rather over the whole mass of the evidence , into an examination of any part of which he did not think it right for the house |to go before they had come to argue upon the whole in relation to the charges , in support or in denial of which charges that evidence had been adduced . He again , therefore , put it to the feelings of the hon . gent. , whether he would , at the present time , press his motion on the house ? He put it to him , whether every desirable object of justice ( and he was convinced the hon . gent . had been influenced by no other motive than a sense of justice , ) would not be as completely and as efectually answered by punishing gen. Clavering after the discussion had taken place on the Charges against the duke of York as before , in case the house should think that the general had prevaricated ? He proposed therefore , to the hon . gent. , that he should defer his motion to the earliest day , suppose Friday , after the discussion of the Charges . In making this proposal to the hon . gent. , he was influenced solely by a sense of its propriety , and not , he could assure the house , by any wish to compromise its dignity . said , that as he had taken a part in the early stage of this transaction , he could not avoid saying one or two words . When the Motion was first proposed to the house on a former evening , he had wished to postpone the consideration of it , but he confessed he could not see any satisfactory reason for postponing it to a further day . He was perfectly convinced that his right hon . friend , in submitting the proposition he had done , had the same object in view that he himself had ; but leaving out of the question altogether whether there was or was not adequate grounds for conviction , he still thought that the merits of the evidence 1158 now questioned ought to rest upon its own distinct , specific and exclusive grounds , and that it would be better to try it upon those grounds rather before than after their ultimate decision upon the pending Charges , because if in the course of the discussion it should appear that this evidence either made for or against the duke of York , might it not be said that either party , ( he did not now mean political parties , ) wished , according to the bearing of that evidence , whether