America which seems to foster in their breasts . From the period of their appointment to office , this seems to have been the prevailing feeling which characterised their conduct towards that nation . America has had various causes of complaint against this country—as to the impressment of the seamen—the depredations committed upon her commerce—the violation of her territory by boats crews belonging to British ships going ashore there and insulting the peaceable inhabitants , and by the burning , within her waters , of vessels which may have escaped from the French islands . At last these causes of complaint were greatly aggravated by the insult offered to America in the illegal , unauthorised , unjust , and aggravated attack made by the Leopard upon the Chesapeake by the order of admiral Berkeley . Upon this occasion however , the right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Canning ) acted as he ought , when upon a representation of the transaction having been made to him by Mr. Pinckney , he assured that gentleman , that if it should turn out , that the act was such as he had represented it , it would be disavowed by his majesty 's government . In the Notes that were afterwards exchanged with the American ambassador on this subject , I admit that a demand had been coupled by that gentleman with the demand of reparation , which had no connection with it , and could not consequently have been complied with by his majesty 's government . The right hon . gent . then sent out a special minister , now in my eye , to offer reparation , and with this mission of Mr. Rose , ended the propriety of the right hon . gent . 's conduct relative to this affair . It was obvious , from the time at which Mr. Rose sailed ; from the manner in which he executed his mission , and the circumstances of his leaving America , that any thing but conciliation was meant by his majesty 's ministers . Though he sailed from this country on the 12th of Nov. , the day after the Orders issued , no intimation was given by him to the American government of such Orders having been issued by his majesty 's government ; whilst the direct object of his mission was unaccountably coupled with the Proclamation of the American government , relative to the interdiction of British ships of war from her domestic waters . Great Britain , the aggressor in an aggravated attack upon a 1171 neutral power , refuses to enter into a discussion of those means of reparation which were due for such an attack , unless as a preliminary America consented to withdraw the very measure of defence to which that power had resorted in her own defence against that very aggression Gentlemen will find by the Papers , that Mr. Rose refused , on the request of Mr. Maddison to communicate the terms of the reparation , though assured by that gentleman , that if the reparation should appear to be satisfactory , the revocation of the President 's Proclamation , and the act of reparation should proceed pari passu , and bear the same date . Could ministers seriously expect that any independent power would have submitted to such a degrading proposition as they made ? Did the right hon . gent . fancy that he could call on the American government to crouch at his feet , in the same manner as we read of Louis the lull calling upon the Doge of Venice ? In adjusting the intricate relation of empires , are we to regulate our conduct by a studied attention to etiquette ? Are nations , in their adjustment of differences , to advance with measured foot-steps , as you , Sir , in moving at the head of this house in company with the lord chancellor when going to the throne , whilst each is attentive that the other should not precede him ? Methinks if such be the views of present statesmen , it would be but proper to revive that system which