. said he had no objection whatever to qualify the expression . The use of the term false , if meant to convey the idea of a person 's asserting as true what he knew to be false , he was satisfied could not be allowed in civilized society . He did not , however , use the expression in that sense , nor did he mean to convey the slightest impeachment of the hon . gent , as a public or private man . He only meant that the hon . gent , had taken an unfair view of the subject , and that the opinion he had formed of the Report was erroneous and false . If that explanation was satisfactory to the hon . gent , he should be glad of it . He could say no more : he was still satisfied , that the hon . gent , and other members of the Committee had proceeded on mistaken and erroneous principles , and that their view of the Report was a false and erroneous one . declared himself satisfied . said , that nothing had occurred in this debate which should be borne in memory after this night . said , that the difference between his noble friend 's ( lord H. Petty 's ) list , and that of the right hon . gent , was , that the noble lord 's list had not been objected to as one of which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) refused to act as Chairman : but the present list had the misfortune to be of that description . As to the noble lord having selected 19 out of the 21 names from the side of the house on which he himself sat , that was by no means an unnatural proceeding , he being no stranger to the fact , that the right hon . gent , and his friends were not remarkable for their attachment to reform . expressed strong regret at the turn the discussion had taken . If the hon . gent , retired from his situation of chairman of the Committee , in the way he had stated , it would produce an impression throughout the country not favourable to that house . He objected to the proposition reducing the number from 25 to 15 , which if it had not been made we should have been free from the evils of this debate . thought it would be very material that the house should have somewhat more time allowed them to consider of this matter . The appointment now proposed , was such as to induce the hon . chairman to refuse again accepting that office , which he had formerly filled with much advantage to the country and honour to his own character ; and therefore 131 he begged the house to pause before they adopted a line of conduct that would have that effect . He could not help regretting , that the parties did not seem more disposed to give way to each other , so as to come to some conclusion beneficial to the character of the house and the country . As it was perfectly necessary that something should be done , he should propose , that the house should come this night to a conclusion , only that a Committee be appointed , in order that a subsequent motion for an adjournment might be made upon it . The motion , `` that a Committee be appointed , & c. '' was then put and agreed to . then moved , That the debate be adjourned to Friday next.—A division took place , when there appeared , for the Adjournment , Ayes 62 , Noes 124 Majority 62.—We were not again admitted to the gallery , but understand that the question was put on every alternate name in the list offered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; against which another name was proposed by the other side . The house divided seven times on these names , and those proposed by the Chancellor were all carried , the numbers on