that there never was a period in the history of this country , when Parliament assembled under circumstances more deeply affecting the vital interests of this Empire , I can not but feel the strongest desire , that the house may join in an animated and unanimous expression of loyalty and attachment to his Majesty 's person , and of hearty cooperation in the just views of his government . To the cordial manifestation of these sentiments on former arduous occasions , to the vigour thereby infused into the measures of his majesty 's government and thence transmitted to the nation at large , we owe it that at this moment Great Britain remains single , amidst the nations of the world , unhurt and unappalled by the tyranny or treachery of France . If such have been the acknowledged benefits flowing from the united force of Parliament on former occasions , assuredly I can not err in anticipating a cordial concurrence in the motions made by the hon . mover on this occasion , involving as they do the honour of the crown , the pledged faith , and all the generous feelings of the nation , and the only remaining hope of deliverance to Spain , and all those nations who have successively fallen under the violence of France and their own concurring supineness . Reflecting upon the unhappy events which in these latter years have alienated so many of our Allies from this country , and thrown them into the arms of the enemy , his Majesty 's ministers have felt it particularly their duty to give an example to the world of the interest which his Majesty takes in the welfare of other States—of the good faith of this country in performing all the duties of alliance . Convinced that they were dealing with an enemy , who omitted no means of fraud or force to gratify his lust of dominion , and satiate the vengeance which his heart feels , and his tongue often acknowledged , towards this country , his Majesty 's ministers have not been deluded , by hollow offers of peace , from performing the duty they had solemnly pledged to Spain . Acting on that spirit of caution which the experience of former treachery 37 justified , they ascertained that the principles upon which the enemy professed to treat with this country must be to the last degree offensive and insulting to every man not prepared to humble and disgrace it . To have made peace with France by abandoning Spain , would be so foul an act of cowardice and desertion , that it seems to me impossible any man could counsel his majesty to an act so disgraceful to the country . War , under any circumstances of disaster that the imagination can conceive , appears to me preferable to such a peace . I feel therefore that his majesty 's government is entitled to our warmest approbation , for anticipating and defeating the treacherous views which dictated the insidious offers of the enemy , for the manly Declaration published on that occasion . I trust , indeed , that the feelings of the house , in this respect , will be as general as their determination , cordially to support his majesty in the vigorous prosecution of the war in Spain , and such a declaration seems to me a homage which all parties must be not less anxious to pay to our national honour and faith , than to the principles they have themselves formerly professed . But if we shall desert the cause of Spain , in the midst of her reverses , even whilst the Spaniards continue true to themselves , with what confidence can we hope for our own safety . So deep a stain will , I trust , never fall upon this country ; for with nations as individuals , punishment follows fast upon the footsteps of dishonour . I trust therefore , that every member of this house will feel , that the faith of Great Britain , solemnly pledged to Spain and Sweden , must be religiously observed , and