and the salaries of the junior clerks were to go on progressively , in a certain proportion . With respect to the Foreign Corps , much of its expences were hitherto charged under the head of Contingencies , but now the same expences were stated under distinct Estimates , so that the increase here was nominal . In the same way other items , which had been under the head of the Extraordinaries , were now reduced to Estimate . confirmed this statement , and said , that it was in most instances an increase of Estimate , and not an increase of Expence . There was an addition of 11,000l . on Exchequer Fees , but of those there had been a deficiency of 5,800l . With respect to the Deputy Pay-masters abroad , those were formerly provided for , under the head of Contingencies , to the amount of 15,000l . but they were now given in Estimate . He did not know of one Deputy Paymaster 's place which was a sinecure , but that of Gibraltar , which had been so for lime immemorial . He had never appointed any person to that situation , who had not been required to do the duties of it ; there was a necessary addition to the expences under this head , in consequence of the Deputy Paymasters who were sent out with sir John Moore and gen. Spencer , and at Madeira . did not see how the 1122 mode of proceeding with respect to the Fees , and the application of them to the expences of the Pay-office , or War-office , could bring before the public the exact estimate . wished to know , whether it was intended to abolish the private fees ? apprehended , that that would be productive of inconvenience ; but that however the subject would be taken into due consideration . bore evidence to the accuracy of Mr. Long 's statement , wished to know , whether it was the intention of government to relieve the parishes from the unjustifiable burdens imposed upon them by the system of volunteering into the Local Militia ? He wished also to know , whether any allowance would be made to the smaller corps of Volunteers , as otherwise he feared , that this valuable force would be considerably diminished in the course of the present year . He wished also to put the June and August corps on a similar footing with other corps . said , that the points alluded to by the hon . gent . were already under consideration , and would be duly attended to . said , that there were 40,000l . for telegraphic buildings in Ireland in the Estimates . The state of the atmosphere in Ireland was so unfavourable , that some explanation ought to be given when such a sum was required . observed , that an attempt had been made to convey intelligence by telegraph through Galway and Athlone to Dublin , instead of the former communication by the circuitous line of the coast ; and though this might be more expensive at first , it would ultimately be cheaper . said , that the Royal Malta regiment was said , on one occasion , to have thrown down its arms . It was important that this should be contradicted , if not true ; and if it was true , the expence ought to constitute no part of the recruiting fund of this country . expressed surprize at the system which still prevailed about Army Chaplains . As for the description of persons who were chaplains about ten years ago , he had an instinctive feeling , which made him wish to get rid of them . He wished , however , that our army should have the benefit of religion free from the abuses of the former institution . If sol- 1123 diers went to the parochial church , they often found there was no accommodation for them ; and as to saying prayers for them at a different hour , it was depriving the parish church of what was most interesting in