it was calculated to soften animosity , to remove impediments to a connexion , on all accounts important to ourselves , and certainly not less so to the United States of America ; a connexion directly adverse to the wishes and policy of France , and more capable of setting bounds to her insatiable ambition than any other which could reasonably be hoped for in the present distracted state of the world . — On these grounds , though he did not concur in all the opinions expressed by the noble baron ( Grenville ) who made the motion , he approved of the motion itself , and should cordially support it . said , he should not intrude upon their lordships time ; but he wished to observe , that the question seemed to be wholly misunderstood , both by the noble mover and the noble viscount who spoke last . The one said that his object was to discuss the entire merits of the case ; the other , that he was desirous of submitting to the notice of his majesty the distrust he felt of the persons at the head of government . The former alluding to the transactions , the latter to those who were concerned in conducting them . The noble lord said he should have thought it more manly to have taken a direct course , instead of attempting to pass a vote of censure thus blended , in which the real design was rendered obscure , He resisted this Address , because it was an unnecessary interposition of the house during a negociation now pending with the United States . Other motives he had for opposing the motion of the noble baron , which he would briefly explain : the origin of the Orders in Council was to be found in the Edicts of Berlin , which had violated all the maritime and neutral rights that had been recognized in Europe for centuries . The first proceeding in consequence of those Edicts , the Order in Council , was of the7th of January , 1807 ; and the nature of it had been misapprehended . The rule of the war of 1756 was supposed to be the effect of the Order in Council ; but if this were all , the Order itself would have been unproductive and nugatory ; if such were the whole result , it would have been incompetent to encounter the Berlin Decrees , which extended not only to France , but to all the nations dependant upon her authority . The rule of the war of 1756 might merely be considered as a coasting Regulation , the Order in Council of the 7th of January was founded on the just principle of retaliation , and so it had been correctly explained in Lord Howick 's admirable letter on the subject.— He ( lord M. ) had stated , that the Berlin Edicts were a violation of all maritime and neutral rights . But there were neutral duties as well as neutral rights . A neutral state should hold the balance even between the belligerent powers ; and if this duty were neglected , the neutral rights would be forfeited . Lord Howick properly contemplated these duties , and seeing the preference which must be given to France under the operation of the Edicts , he properly observed , that he could not rescind the Orders in Council until those Edicts were re- 797 voked ; and he added , as fitly , that under other circumstances , to abandon the Orders in Council would be to resign the best principles of our maritime rights . Why should not these just maxims be regarded ? Could the flimsy correspondence between general Armstrong and the French minister at Paris , vindicate their surrender It was no wonder that France was mortified and America disappointed ; for before the salutary operation of the Orders in Council , the whole produce of the colonies of the former was conveyed to Europe by the shipping of the latter . The Orders in Council had undergone a long and laborious discussion ; and unless