which must press upon the mind of every man , as connected with the probability of producing the resurrection of the world , or continuing it in that lamentable state in which it had been so long buried . He was most ready to admit , that on no former government had so heavy a responsibility attached , as that which had fallen on the present government since the close of the last session of parliament . He had no hesitation to concede , that to no government had the wishes , the hopes , and the determination of the country in their support been more unanimously expressed . He was ready to allow , that his majesty 's ministers felt , that they had only to call upon the country , and that their call would be answered with the utmost liberality of feeling ; they were controlled , therefore , by no other considerations than those natural limits to 57 which all human exertion , and all human power , were subject even in such an empire as Great Britain . Admitting , therefore , in the most extensive degree , the responsibility of his majesty 's ministers on this subject , he felt no apprehension at the prospect of meeting the charge of the rt . hon . gent . upon it . He felt confident , that it would be proved they had redeemed the pledge given by them to parliament in the last session ; that they had carried on the struggle and applied the abundant resources of the country in a manner which , on mature reflection , appeared most likely to secure the object in view , an opinion which even past experience served only to confirm . He felt bold , therefore , in declaring that whenever the rt . hon . gent . should bring the subject before the House in a tangible shape , he should be fully enabled to prove , that his majesty 's government had acted on the fullest conviction of the course , that would be most conducive to the success of the cause of Spain ; and , if that cause should not succeed , the failure would result , not from any neglect on their part , but from greater engines of destruction having been brought against that country than it was in the power of Great Britain to afford means of defence . This was too large , too interesting , and too important a subject to be broken down in a debate of that sort . Opinion upon it must depend on considerations , that could not be superficially examined . But he must be permitted , however , to say a few words upon the subject ; and here he must observe , that it was not very easy to collect the rt . hon . gcnt . 's sentiments as to the course of military policy which ought to have been adopted towards Spain . The right hon . gent . had described two modes in which our military assistance might have been afforded : the one by furnishing the Spaniards with arms and ammunition merely ; the other , ( that which had besides been adopted by his majesty 's government , ) that of sending to their aid a regular military force . The right hon . gent . expressed his partiality for that species of warfare , recommended in their List of Precautions , by what he called the Supreme Junta , He certainly did recollect the paper alluded to by the right hon . gent . but it was circulated long before the Supreme Central Junta had an existence . The writer was unknown ; it had no kind of authority ; and it was impossible to ascertain , whether it expressed the general sentiments of the 58 nation . The right hon . gent . deprecated the introduction of a regular army to assist an irregular force . Certainly , early in the war , the Spanish troops were local and irregular ; but this force was soon found to be ineffective . Even in