soon after , and observed the sentiment of enthusiasm in favour of sir A. Wellesley , that prevailed from the general to the drummer . It was impossible for him adequately to describe it ; but he might use the emphatic language of an experienced general who had served in most of the armies on the continent , and was fully capable of judging of the question—he meant general Anstruther , an officer , for whom he had entertained the sincerest love and affection , who had promised to become one of the brightest ornaments of the British army , but who , unfortunately for his country , had died in consequence of the fatigue of the late retreat . That distinguished officer had stated to him that it was impossible to conceive anything more admirable than the conduct of sir A. Wellesley from the commencement of his operations to the result of the battle of Vimiera ; that there was no difficulty which he did not contrive to obviate—that his mind was full of resources—that he managed the army like a machine , of the nature of which he was complete master— that he had every thing at his fingers ends , and that no officer that ever he saw , conducted the operations of an army with more distinguished ability . This service was that of sir A. Wellesley , and the army could never understand , why the thanks for it should be given to another , whose great merit was his generous and liberal refusal to share the honours which he conceived did not justly belong to him . was particularly anxious to express his strong approbation of what had fallen from the hon . general respecting brigadier-general Anstruther . It was impossible to speak too highly of the military merit , the capacity , in all respects , and the excellent character of that officer , who , if his life had not been lost to his country by the fatigue of severe duty , would have been among the list of those this day to have received the thanks of his country . 157 for his services at both battles . He was of opinion that the thanks of this house were ? highly merited by sir A. Wellesley , for his conduct at Vimiera , and he was the more confirmed in that opinion from what general Anstruther had written to this country from the field of battle , which had made such a deep impression on his ( Mr. Adam 's ) mind , that it was impossible for him to forget it ; and it confirmed every thing that had been said of general Anstruther by the hon . general who had spoken last . He wrote from the field of battle , that such were the confidence which the army of Vimiera had in sir A. Wellesley , and such was his talents for command , that there was nothing that that army could not attempt under that commander , and few things that they would not achieve . Mr. Adam said , that these were with him sufficient reasons for thanking sir A. Wellesley , a sentiment in which the whole house agreed , with the exception of the noble lord under the gallery . It would be cruel indeed , because this great action , which had filled the country with universal joy when it was first known , had happened some months ago , and other events had since intervened , that therefore our gratitude or our thanks should be deadened to those who had achieved it . He then said , that he thought his hon . friend Mr. Whitbread , with whom he had the happiness to agree in general on public questions , would prejudge the matter by the Amendment which he had moved , as it regarded sir H. Burrard . As the motion now stood , and as it had been introduced and supported , he conceived himself and the house at perfect liberty to enter into every inquiry respecting the transactions in Portugal , and that whatever military merit might appear