On the other hand , if France should concur in respecting those rights , and commerce should thus regain its fair immunities , and the law of nations its just dominion , all the alleged purposes of the British Orders will have been at once fulfilled . If I forbear to pursue these ideas through all the illustrations of which they are susceptible , it is because the personal conferences to which I have before alluded , as well as the obvious nature of the ideas themselves , render it unnecessary . `` — In these personal conferences , there can be no doubt that the propositions made by America were fully explained , and by the subsequent Note from Mr. Secretary Canning to Mr. Pinkney , dated the 23d of Sept. it must appear evident that his majesty 's ministers were convinced that no such partiality , as alledged , had been shewn by the United States to France . There is another Letter from Mr. Secretary Canning , published in an American paper , but which is not amongst the Correspondence on the table , in which it still more clearly appears that ministers were fully aware of the real na- 778 Ture of the propositions made by America to France . The nature of the propositions made to France , is distinctly proved by a reference to the Instructions given to general Armstrong , the American minister at Paris , the material words of which will be found to be verbatim the same with the instructions to Mr. Pinkney here , with respect to the change that would be made in the relations with either power refusing to repeal its Decrees or Orders , the other power consenting to rescind them . It is therefore perfectly clear that no partiality was evinced towards France ; and it is also evident , that his Majesty 's ministers must have known that such was the fact . I can not help , however , whilst upon this correspondence , remarking upon the monstrous principle assumed in the note of Mr. Secretary Canning , to which I before alluded , in which he states , that the Orders in Council were founded : `` on the unquestionable right of his majesty to retort upon the enemy the evils of his own injustice , and upon the consideration that , if third parties incidentally suffered by these retaliatory measures , they were to seek their redress from the power by whose original aggression that retaliation was occasioned . '' Is it because the enemy has been guilty of gross injustice , that therefore we are to commit injustice ? Are we to imitate the enemy in his crimes , and commit the same enormities because he has committed them ? Upon this principle we might , because he has unjustly invaded the territory of an ally ; send a king of our own choosing to Sweden or to Sicily , and force them to accept of him . The principle here assumed does not hint at the acquiescence of a neutral , but claims at once the general and sweeping right of retaliating upon the enemy his own injustice , whether neutrals acquiesced in it or not . I can not also help remarking upon the chain of irony and sarcasm adopted in this note , a style new to diplomatic correspondence , and which is wholly unsuited to the subject . It is well known , I believe , that the passage alluding to the inconvenience which must be occasioned in America by the Embargo , produced , when read in Congress , an universal sentiment of indignation . It is absolutely essential that independent states , however one may be inferior to the other in power , should negociate on the footing of equality . And how , I ask , would it be received here , if the government of the United States , in any 779 official correspondence with this country , should allude for instance , to the supposed effect of any measure adopted by this government upon the manufacturers of Lancashire.— My lords , the