the measures adopted towards America , we were sufficiently justified by the experience of the last 16 months . At the same time , he was not inclined to enter into an examination of all that mass of evidence which lay upon the table , because it was so various , that almost any argument might be drawn from it ; and the same observation would apply to any conclusion put upon indifferent or , private letters transmitted to this country from America.—In opposition to what had been advanced by the last speaker , on the authority of a private letter , he could assert , that such a change as he had mentioned was not speedily expected to take place in the public opinion in America . Any gentleman , possessing a correspondence in America , might produce one or two letters to sup- 1194 port his own opinion , whatever it might be . He could not say whether the Embargo was resorted to altogether in consequence of our Orders in Council ; but it must be evident to every man that it was in consequence of our conduct , and of that of France , in the present war . The ruinous effect of the Orders in Council might be estimated by the amount of the loss sustained by the commerce of this country within the last year ; which upon the Imports of England exceeded six millions , whilst the defalcation in her Exports was upwards of five millions , so that if the deficiency for Ireland and Scotland were taken at two millions and a half , which he did not suppose to be an unreasonable estimate , the whole amount would be but little short of 14 millions . This loss , he said , had undoubtedly been felt more or less in every corner of the empire , but it had fallen with dreadful weight on our manufacturers in particular . Thousands , of those unfortunate persons must inevitably have been in a state of starvation , had it not been for the generosity and humanity of their employers , who at the time they were deprived of their best market , gave them half employment rather than suffer them to be wholly without the means of subsistence , and thereby to become so many burthens on their several parishes . But even this liberal conduct of the master manufacturers was in a great measure checked ; for whilst they by the loss of our exports were deprived of a market for the manufactures they had on hand , they suffered in almost an equal proportion from the deficiency in our imports from America ; for the raw material had become so scarce , and in consequence so high in price , that in many places it was not to be procured . This had been felt with peculiar hardship and severity in Manchester , where there had been during the last year , or the greatest part of it , only 9 cotton mills in full employment : about 31 had half work : and 44 had been without any at all , and totally useless either to their owners or those dependent on them for bread.—The hon . gent . then combated a great many of the arguments of the last speaker , relative to the effects which the Orders in Council had produced upon our commercial interests , upon most of which , he appeared to differ completely from the deductions he had drawn . He ( Mr. Baring ) , contended that with respect to our trade , the Berlin Decree had been a mere dead letter , and he would not allow 1195 that the hon . gent . who had just sat down , was warranted in the results which he had inferred from such parts of the evidence as he had then read , and which were unquestionably selected from the mass that had been laid before the house last session for the purpose of diverting its attention from the chief point of the case which was this night intended to be submitted to the consideration