hopes of the opposite side of the house , he was glad to find that the sum of what could be said on such an occasion , by such an individual , was so small . Amongst all the reasons , ' which had been urged for inquiry , misrepresentation had held the foremost place in the speeches of the right hon . gentlemen opposite . They had endeavoured , by a series of the grossest misrepresentations that he had ever witnessed , to pervert fact , and to mislead the judgment of the house . The right hon . gent . by whom the debate was commenced , had taken a general and comprehensive view of the subject , and his misrepresentations were as general as comprehensive . The right hon . gent . who followed him , had contented himself with a more particular field , but that field he had filled in detail with misrepresentations , if possible , still more flagrant : the former had dealt in misrepresentation with a view to his argument ; but the latter had presented all his facts in a more discoloured and distorted shape , than in the course of his experience he had ever known , and this , too , whilst he gave to himself the 1097 character of a plain , blunt man , addressing to the house stout and subborn facts in plain and simple language , and having truth alone in view . Certainly , the right hon . gent . was a plain , blunt man ; and he could have wished , that he had completed the picture and only spoken the truth . ( A cry of Order ! order ! ) It was matter of surprise , he confessed , to him , that that right hon . gent . had ventured to state as facts , what he knew only from report , and to give to rumour the credit of undoubted authority ; but in ten minutes he should shew that all his statements were unfounded . The statement of the right hon . gent . that night began with the army , when , after the campaign in Portugal , it became disposable , and proceeded to Spain . His first accusation against his majesty 's ministers , was for the manner in which they had assembled that army : and upon this point the right hon . gent . had asserted , that nothing could exceed the absurdity , as he termed it , of dividing the army into three separate columns , and of extending those columns over many miles of country , so as to make it impossible for the centre column to go to the left without abandoning the right column , or to go to the right without abandoning the left column . Now , with respect to that arrangement , whatever merit or demerit it might have , it was not the arrangement of government . The right hon . gent . had said , that every twelve hours there had been a change of system and measure , in which case it would have been absurd to dictate any course of proceeding for the army in its progress in Spain ; so that taking his own premises for granted , his conclusion would not follow , and his argument fell to the ground . His majesty 's ministers had not been absurd enough to dictate from home the precise instructions , under which the British army was to act in all circumstances . They had suit out general instructions to the Commander in Chief , when the army was proceeding from Portugal to Spain , and at the same time informed him that they intended to dispatch a considerable force to Corunna , and that the transports which took that force out , were to proceed to the Tagus to he placed at his disposal . The option was thus left to the general , whether he would proceed to Spain by sea or by land . The adoption of the latter course had been the choice of sir John Moore