Andalusia a regular army had been established , and it was not until they got a regular army , that the Spaniards were enabled to make an effectual struggle , and to reduce the power of the enemy by the defeat of Dupont at the memorable battle of Baylen . The course of events decided the question between a regular and an irregular force . When Madrid was evacuated , and the provinces purged of the French , every province felt the necessity of advancing its troops , and they had consequently been advanced and consolidated in the centre of the kingdom . His majesty 's ministers had , therefore , no option—the option had been made by Spain . They had chosen the . mode of regular warfare , and it would have ill-befitted the character of Great Britain to have shrunk from the contest , and to have said to the Spaniards : We will give you money , we will give you stores , but we will not hazard our blood in your defence . Such language would indeed have been most ungenerous towards our allies , and most unworthy of the spirit and general feeling of this nation , in support of the Spanish cause . What had this country to do with the prudence or imprudence of the Spaniards adopting the system of warfare laid down in the Precautions ? Whether Spain was to contend against France in irregular warfare or by regular war , was a matter for her own option ; and she had at that time made her option for regular war , and forgiving battle to her enemies in the field . It was , therefore , the duty and policy of this country to support her cause in the same manner . The speech of the right hon . gent . was rather of a prudent cast , and not in that animated stile , in which another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) , had , in the last session , represented the aiding Spain as paramount to all other duties . The right hon . gent . who spoke this night , seemed to think it was very improper and imprudent for a British army to enter Spain , without having some cautionary towns and forts surrendered to us , to secure our retreat in case of calamity . For his part , he knew of no town of that sort which could be surrendered , except Cadiz ; for as to Ferrol , it was not a town capable of answering the object proposed , nor of 59 protecting the embarkation of an army . Now , as it was evident , that if we were to make any operations at all , they must be in the North of Spain , he could not conceive that a proposal would be well received in that country for surrendering a town quite without the line of our military operations . If we had made such a proposal to that generous and high-spirited nation , he could not conceive that we could have thrown a greater apple of discord to disturb the harmony of cordial cooperation . As to another disposition of the forces which had been mentioned , that of sending sir Arthur Wellesley 's force of 9000 men to the Pyrenees , to cut off the communication between the 60,000 French troops who were in Spain , and the rest of the 500,000 disposable troops , of which the right hon . gent . stated the enemy 's army to consist , the bare statement of such a plan must convince the House of its absurdity . If the right hon . gent . had really no other advice to offer to the House and the country than what he had stated , he rejoiced that his majesty 's government had adopted other measures . As to the complaint which the right hon . gent . had made of want of regular information , he could assure him , that it was his wish to lay before the House , as early as possible