what had been the conduct of ministers ; and that whatever 704 proceeding was adopted after the Papers were laid on the table should be such as would afford them a fair opportunity of explaining every part of their conduct ; and this course being pursued , they felt not the least apprehension in submitting to the candid decision of the house . The instructions to sir T. Dyer and his communications to sir A. Wellesley , would , he thought , be found in the papers relative to the Convention of Cintra already moved for ; if not , they might be called for on a future day . In answer to a question across the table from lord Darnley , his lordship said , that it was an admitted fact , that the Junta of Oviedo had made an application of the nature previously alluded to by the noble lord , and that sir T. Dyer communicated the same to sir A. Wellesley . wished to know whether measures had been taken to prevent the French and Spanish fleets in Cadiz harbour from falling into the hands of the enemy . We had now here an ambassador from Spain , who held a high official situation , in that country : and one of the most important points to be arranged with him , was , in his conception , that of securing those fleets , by stipulating that they should be sent to Buenos Ayres , Minorca , or any other place for safety . When he looked to the rapidity of operation that characterized the man who was at the head of the French armies , he was not without apprehensions on this subject . His grace further expressed his hopes that ministers , whatever assistance they might continue to give the Spaniards , in money and supplies , would not rashly put to hazard any considerable portion of our military force . moved the order of the day for the house to resolve into a Committee on the inquiry respecting the Conduct of h. r. h. the Commander in Chief.—The house resolved accordingly . said , that at the request of a very respectable solicitor resident in Lincoln's-inn-fields , named Tyndale , he felt it necessary to state , that he was not the same who had been examined at the bar in the course of this inquiry , and he was ap- 705 prehensive that without such explanation his name might be confounded with that of a man with whom he had no interference nor connection whatever , and that he was ready and desirous to verify the fact at the bar . said , he saw no danger of mistaking the gentleman for the other , who stated himself to live at Chelsea . now rose , and said , that before he proceeded to call in the witnesses , it might be deemed convenient to put the Committee in possession of the particular subject to which he meant to examine the first witness , Mr. Duff , the solicitor , who attended in consequence of the order of the house yesterday , with some papers he had to produce . Those papers , he understood , came into the hands of Mr. Duff , in the year 1804 , in consequence of his being solicitor to the statute of bankruptcy , against a man named Robert Kennett , who had formerly been an upholsterer in Bond-street , and afterwards lived in Lincoln's-inn-fields , in the profession of a tooth-ach curer . A proposition was sot on foot by h. r. h. the D. of Y. to raise for his use the sum of 70,000l . or 80,000l . by way of annuity , and this Mr. Kennett undertook to forward the views of h. r. h. , in consideration of provision being made for him by a respectable situation under government ; upon the success of his undertaking , was to depend the success of the negociation for the loan . Accordingly , application was made by h. r. h. to Mr. Pitt , to earl Camden , and others , to