and on their suggestion , he chose Mr. Browne and Mr. Hobbin , the former of whom had been secretary to lord Keith , and the latter secretary to lord Howe . When lord Mulgrave came to the admiralty , it had been previously determined , that Mr. Harrison was to retire from the public service on 500l . a year , being 3-3ths of his salary , and his place he gave to col. Welsh , who had long been an officer in the public service , was a man of business , and a great part of his business was to provide necessaries for the army.— The hon . gent . entered into a defence of lord Mulgrave , as to the appointments which had been alluded to , and insisted , that the Estimates of the Navy did not depend on the Fourth Report , on which so much stress had been laid by the hon . bait . and assured the committee , that whenever the subject came before them , he would be glad to meet the hon . bait. , or any other member , on every point which they embraced . He was glad , however , that his hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) had agreed to postpone the consideration of them till Friday . ( Chairman of the East India Committee to enquire into the Sale of Places , & c. in the Company 's service ) rose in his place and addressed the Chair . desired the Serjeant might be called , who immediately appeared at the bar . The Speaker asked him if he had any thing to communicate to the house relative to Mr. John Annesley Shee ? The Serjeant answered , that Mr. Francis Wright , one of the messengers , had been to Mr. Shee 's lodgings for the purpose of serving the Speaker 's warrant on him , but that he was not to be found.—Mr . Francis Wright was then ordered to attend ; and he stated at the bar , that on Tuesday evening last , he received the Speaker 's warrant to take into his custody the said 1127 J . A. Shee ; that he went accordingly to his lodgings at No . 31 , High-street , Mary-le-bone , and on enquiry for him was told he was gone out , and would not return till evening . He waited there till midnight , in expectation of his return , but Shee never came . He went again on Wednesday , Thursday , and Friday , but he was not returned . Mr. Wright , on the Friday , proceeded from No . 31 , High-street , to No . 51 , Upper Mary-le-Bone-street , where J . A. Shee had formerly lodged , and where he had advertised the sale of Commissions in the Army , & c. under the firm of Shee and Calvert ; but the said Shee was not there , nor had been for a great while , nor did they know any thing of him . He was ordered to withdraw . then moved , That it appeared to the house the said John Annesley Slice had absconded to avoid being examined : which being agreed to , he moved that an Address be presented to his majesty , in the usual way , praying him to issue his Proclamation with such rewards as to his majesty should seem meet , for apprehending and taking the said John Annesley Shee , alias Calvert , which was ordered . in allusion to what had fallen from Mr. Foster on a former night , declared his conviction , that the Irish people , far from burning with a disposition to resist the laws , were well disposed to respect them , if government would apply themselves to the correction of what was improper in the administration of those laws . If the right hon . gentlemen were desirous to confer a benefit on Ireland , he assured them they would do infinitely more to tranquillize the people by comprehending Ireland under this act than by all