in that case , not only of the enemy 's force becoming so great , as to destroy the hope of our forcing them from the Ebro , but also of their falling in by the way with some of our columns , and of destroying them before we could form a junction with our allies . The lime , too , was short , the execution must be prompt , and there was all the difficulty of sending a large force into any of the Northern ports of Spain , at a period of the year at all late . This difficulty had not been bund insuperable , as had been seen in the case of the marquis de Romana 's army , nor did the probability seem great , that Buonaparté ; having once disposed his troops , and settled his measures for a war with Austria , could have suddenly reversed his plans , and transferred his forces , so as to have arrived in Spain by the time our troops had begun to act . It was not true , either , that the one plan created any necessity of giving up the other . If 1110 the force sent to the Ehro had , as it ought to have been , been chiefly cavalry , the force namely which the Spaniards most wanted and which we had most ready and could best , spare ; such a force , even if found in the event insufficient for its immediate object , could still have been able to take care of itself , and to have retired in safety through Spain , a country of friends and allies , to that part of the peninsula , where , at all events , and in every view , the great I mass of our force should be collected . This part was no other than the Southern provinces , the neighbourhood of Cadiz , and Gibraltar . The reasoning that determined this choice was really little short of demonstrable . Whatever force you send into Spain , small or great , can you be sure , even with all the aid that the armies , or masses of Spain can give you , that it will be able to resist the hosts , that Buonaparté can pour in against you , having for his supply nothing less than a sort of inexhaustible ocean , the whole population of Europe ? Undoubtedly , the means possessed by Buonaparté were such as to leave but little hope of escape at any rate : yet some there must be , otherwise why did we send any troops at all , or encourage the Spaniards to resist ? No one , however , could feel confident or at least certain ; and therefore if we send any army into Spain , great or small , we must think of the means , in case of extremity , of bringing them away . The inference drawn ; by the hon . gentlemen from these premises seemed to he , that we ought to send only a small force : much upon the same principle which we heard of on a former occasion , when bad horses were sent , and horses unfit for the service , because they would be a less sacrifice if lost : But , great or small , the necessity of a retreat being provided seemed lobe nearly equal . If the army was large , the stake was greater : and if small , the chance was greater of losing it . Now , there was in all Spain , including Portugal , that is , in the whole peninsula , but two places , and those in the same quarter , from which a large body of troops , when pressed by a superior army , could hope to get away , viz . Cadiz , and Gibraltar . There was , therefore , no other part of Spain , where an army from this country , large enough to be of any use , and not a mere flying corps , could with propriety be