regard to the revenue , or to the relief of the West India planters . was of opinion that Ireland should not he excluded from the effects of the bill . He called the attention of the house to the great amount of revenue which the empire would lose by not extending the measure to that country . He cautioned the Chancellor of the Exche- 377 quer for Ireland from holding out that the acts of that house could not be enforced in that country . Without wishing to say any thing that could be offensive to that gentleman , he must recollect that he prophesied last session , that the measure would fail or should fail : if should was not the word made use of by the right hon . gent. , it sounded as near it as any word he had ever heard ; and he that night had avowed he prophesied right . It appeared to him that the right hon gent . was determined it should be so ; for last session ho put a spoke in the wheel , which prevented the machine from working , by introducing a clause , making the duty on spirits distilled from sugar in Ireland , nearly double what had been paid on spirits distilled from grain . He did not see why Ireland should be screened more than any other part of the empire , and particularly it should not on account of the reason assigned , that the pertinacity of the people would not allow it to be carried into effect . He recommended it to the right hon . gent , to make a proper inquiry before he again asserted that the people of Ireland had rebelled , or set their face against any measure enacted by that house . in explanation , observed , that every person who knew him must be convinced ( hat he was not capable of being guilty of the charge alledged by the hen . gent . ; but this much he must say , that any person that made such a charge against him ; would be capable of committing it himself . in explanation , said , it had not been his wish to wound the feelings of the right lion . gent , by the allusions he made , and he prefaced them by an explanation of that nature ; but the language the right hon . gent , thought fit to make use of in his explanation , he assured him , if he had made use of in any other place than in that house , he would return it the answer it deserved . He always considered every thing that passed in that house not cognizable cut of it ; he would , therefore , take no further notice of it . said , he never could acquiesce in or encourage the distillation from sugar , when it tended to destroy the agriculture of the country . was disposed to present himself to the attention of the house , but without any wish to occupy much of their lordships time . He felt sensible of acting with some degree of irregularity ; but he did not know that any opportunity more convenient would be afforded him of declaring his sentiments upon a subject of considerable importance . From the Votes which appeared on their lordships table , he was authorised to advert to a question now under the consideration of the other house of legislature : and he had heard , and he believed , that certain insinuations had gone abroad , whereby the public were led to suppose dissension now existed between himself and his royal brother , whose Conduct was under inquiry . Whatever credit had been given to such reports , they were unfounded and untrue ; and he was happy in making the declaration , that no professional dispute had been entertained , nor did there exist any such schism as had been alluded to in the royal family . So far was he from thinking that there was any thing improper in the conduct of his royal brother