strength ; to have defeated an army of 25,000 men ; to have liberated an whole country from the grasp of our enemy , and to have restored it again to its own people and its native government ? Was it nothing to the military character and glory of the country to have assembled such an army , and to have gained two such victories ? Was it nothing to have restored Portugal to its legitimate sovereign ? It was no doubt natural to have expected something great from so successful and gratifying an effort . It was natural to expect , after a victory where the public feelings had broke loose , that they should not be easily satisfied . He for one was of that mind ; but he was satisfied that if the intelligence of the victory and the armistice had come at the same time , every thinking man would have received it differently . It was a heated and hasty feeling which the public had suffered to be too much indulged . As he went along with the public in this feeling , he felt himself entitled now to reproach the over-indulgence of it . It had been his painful duty to signify to sir H. Dalrymple the disapprobation of government as to some articles of the Convention , in which interference was had with the feelings of other states , but with that exception he could not on cool reflection withhold from the Convention his tribute of approbation.—The noble lord had expressed his surprise that no instruction had been given to admiral Cotton , to direct his conduct , except that of the 18th of April The instruction of the 18th of April was given without any view to the subsequent circumstances . It was merely applicable to a case of starvation , which alone was in view at the time . And after that , it was thought proper to leave his plan of co-operation with the army to his own discretion . The subsequent instruction on the subject , to sir H. Dalrymple , was given to prevent cavil , and was not thought very necessary . The Admiralty thought the conduct of the officer proper ; but judged it necessary , generally , to set their faces against the principle of the conditional surrender 925 of ships . During the whole course of the operations in the Tagus , it was not proved that the Russians had taken an active part against the Portuguese ; and there was nothing in the conduct pursued by sir C. Cotton that appeared to beat all reprehensible . This was a question on which the mind of the country had been very much irritated . He trusted that the course pursued had been the best . If the government had proceeded to investigate the transaction by a Court Martial , instead of a Board of Inquiry , the information obtained would have been much narrowed . The whole of the case had been brought before the house by its having been referred to such a tribunal . He did hope he had submitted to the house ground for his opinion , that the Expedition against Portugal was a most wise and expedient measure , and that the various plans of operations suggested as preferable , would have been in some cases visionary , and in all dangerous ; that the object of the expedition was the best that could be adopted—and ; the equipment the most perfect which circumstances would permit—that the execution was as complete as the nature of the case would allow—and that there was no failure , except what resulted from causes which neither the administration nor the officers could controul . If the equipment of the expedition was maintainable , the result of the operation was such as at any other time would have satisfied the feelings of the country . It had expelled 25,000 men from Portugal , put the Russian fleet into our possession , and released from a tedious and hazardous blockade a British squadron of nine sail of the line . The Resolutions of the noble lord