majesty 's present ministers to act on this principle , and to consider the cause of Spain , though a distant , yet an important point in the defence of these kingdoms , Though they did not dispute the . notion that our navy might be equal to the defence of these kingdoms , they did not wish to hazard any thing on a conviction of the kind ; 173 neither were they willing to indulge in that narrow and selfish feeling , that we ought to look to ourselves alone , and to live within ourselves , there to await the attack of the enemy . They entertained more enlarged and comprehensive viewsof the subject . They thought that the most vigorous assistance which we could possibly lend to the cause of Spain and of any other country disposed to withstand the common enemy , ought to be afforded . That we should not , like other powers , selfishly lie by till the enemy was ready to attack us , but should endeavour , as far as in us lay , to further and promote any more distant check which might be militated against him . If noble lords on the other side entertained different views of the subject from these , let them openly and candidly express them , and let the country judge between the two , who were more entitled to their confidence , or most likely to bring the struggle in which we are engaged to a successful and honourable issue . Let the house also judge between noble lords on the other side , and his majesty 's present ministers on this point , and if they approved of the opinions and sentiments of the former , in preference to those of the latter , let them at once address his majesty to dismiss his present ministers from his councils . said , that he had listened to the speech of the noble baron with an attention approaching to astonishment . The noble baron had , with much complacency , congratulated himself on the share which he had had in directing the campaign , the disastrous results of which will long be deeply deplored by the whole British empire . The noble baron , not content with self-consolation , had proceeded , at great length , to congratulate the country on its well-timed and fortunate escape from the counsels and guidance of the late administration . Lord Auckland found himself called upon to answer , and to assert , that if the ministry of his noble friend , ( lord Grenville ) had not been unfortunately interrupted , at this hour we should have possessed , and without any stain on the national character , a full access to unconquered states in the Baltic , and a full enjoyment of the Baltic trade : —at this hour we should have enjoyed the uninterrupted friendship of the United States , and all the benefits of their commercial intercourse and perhaps also their alliance offensive against France : —and certainly at this hour we should not have had to lament 174 the useless sacrifice of the finest army that G. Britain had ever sent into the field . These were his sentiments , called forth by the inconceivable exultation which their lordships had witnessed ; and he believed that these sentiments , and this justice towards the pre-eminent mind of his noble friend , would gradually find their way to the conviction of every thinking man in the kingdom . In answer to the loud and repeated assertion that the cause of Spain was not yet at an end ; he was aware that the popular delusion on that subject was not yet at an end ; nevertheless , he would not hesitate to avow his opinion , that what we call the Spanish cause was lost , for the present at least ; and without any rational hope that it could be soon revived.—He then proceeded to state his reasons for thinking that the Erfurth Overture was a mere fallacy , practised by the Ruler of France , both on this country and on