Sweden , they were qualities fruitless to us , fruitless to the cause of Spain , and perhaps ruinous to his own subjects . This last consideration detracted considerably from their merit . He would , however agree that it was necessary for us to furnish the succours stipulated in the treaty . With respect to the manner in which sir John Moore was under the necessity of retiring from Sweden , he had no doubt that gallant officer had reasons which would fully justify him in the eyes of all the world , but there was about that transaction a mystery , which it would at some time or other , he should hope , be convenient to reveal.— Upon the improving state of our revenue he could not but feel satisfaction ; yet whilst expressing that satisfaction he must be permitted to observe , that the improve merit of the revenue was always attended with an increase of the influence of the crown , and with an increasing corruption of the country.— He could have wished , that in the speech some intimation had been given that the Report of the Finance Committee would have been taken up , and if so , whether some retrenchments might not be made . If this were done , the country would pay with more satisfaction what was absolutely necessary . He should wish to hear from some minister that that committee was to be revived , and who were the men that were to compose it . At least , he should hope , that a set of men would not be placed in it for the purpose of counteracting the labours of the others . If this were done , it would gratify the people , if it could not relieve them . He hoped and trusted that this session of parliament would be distinguished by a vigilant attention to the expenditure of the public money ; and that if new burthens 69 were to be imposed , the people might at least have the consolation of knowing that abuses were corrected.—He did regret that nothing had been mentioned respecting our relations with America . The same infatuation seemed now to prevail with respect to that country , that existed in the time of the late American war . There were the same taunts , the same sarcasms , and the same assertions , that America could not do without us . He must deprecate a war with America , as being likely to be much more injurious to us than to them . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had to a proposition most just and reasonable ( as appeared to him ) , returned such an answer , that accommodation seemed at an end , and the American legislature almost unanimously resolved upon shutting all their rivers and ports against our trade . He most forcibly deprecated the idea which some thoughtless persons were but too forward to propagate.—which none , indeed , but thoughtless persons could entertain—namely , of a war with that country . Here the hon . gent . ridiculed with great severity the orders in council , and the effects which that measure was expected to produce . In spite of the want of colonial produce , notwithstanding the want of sugar , coffee , and Jesuit 's bark , the French armies had marched without leaving a single straggler , and the ruler of France had 200,000 men in arms beyond the Pyrenees , while ministers thought to break up his power , by depriving his subjects of the produce of the West Indies ! He reviews his troops at Madrid , and they are found amply provided with every necessary . At a period so awful as the present , our relations with America were not even alluded to . Let us heal the hostile feelings of the two countries before it be too late . Turkey also was quite left out of his majesty 's speech ; a country at present in great commotion , and always in a state of turbulent imbecility . It was