such an attempt to prejudice the matter could not have been passed over unnoticed or uncensured.—Much stress had also been laid by the noble baron on the conduct of government towards America . He still imputed the measure of the Embargo to 25 the Orders in Council issued by the British government ; but if the noble baron would refer to the correspondence between Mr. Madison and Mr. Erskine on that occasion , he must be convinced , that at the time of laying on the embargo , the American government were acquainted only with the decrees of the French government , and that they adopted the measure of the embargo on the supposition that the French decrees would produce on our part some measure of retaliation , such as that of the Orders in Council . There was no disposition on the part of the British government to irritate America ; on the contrary , every thing was done in the tone of conciliation , as far as the honour , the interests , and the rights of the country could allow : but , no consideration should prevail upon us to impair these things . On the vindication of them depended all our strength and national dignity and importance ; and , surely , they were not to be sacrificed to America , at the very moment when America seemed so blind to her own interest , and had betrayed so decided a partiality in favour of France , to the prejudice and injury of Great Britain . When the time arrived for a minuter explanation of all these points , he should be happy to afford every information in his power more fully to explain them . The present he did not conceive to be the proper moment for entering into that explanation . shortly explained the motives which induced him to concur in the Address . He did not conceive it to pledge him to any of the particular measures to which it referred ; and with that reservation it was that he gave it his present concurrence . disapproved of many of the paragraphs in the Address ; but would still refrain from moving any Amendment . He particularly insisted on that which referred to the Armistice and Convention concluded in Portugal , and took occasion to explain the opinion which he had delivered upon it as a member of the Court of Inquiry . He concurred , indeed , with his colleagues in saying , that no further military proceeding should be had in that matter ; and he had emphatically made use of the word 'military , ' on the occasion . As far as the officers , who took a part in the transaction , were engaged , he would repeat it , that they had behaved with unquestionable zeal and firmness . They might have perhaps imputed to them an error in judgment ; but , circumstanced 26 as they were , their error was not such as fell within any infraction of the articles of war ; it was rather an error imputable to his majesty 's ministers , and to the manner in which they had prepared and sent out the expedition.—The Address also alluded to further aid to be afforded to Sweden . Should it not be inquired how that aid was to be applied ? Was the further assistance , to be hereafter granted to Sweden , to be applied in the manner in which we had hitherto afforded that support ? What , in fact , had been done for Sweden , that in the least contributed to give her any material assistance ? From her adherence to our alliance , she had already lost almost half of her territory , and was now exposed to the severest fate . We were as much bound therefore to attend to Sweden as to Spain . Looking to the unfortunate peninsula , where our principal exertions were said to have been directed , what was the situation there ? Did the Address at all indicate the feelings of this house , or of any man in the kingdom