for or against them , accordingly to befriend or to resent , but if they now went into the question , such a suspicion could not take place ; besides , it should not be said that they entered into any comparison of the different testimony , and then justice should be defeated by any compromise among themselves , contracting that if one will spare this man , another will spare that ; this was not the wav to support the dignity of the house ; every case of that kind was , and ought , to rest on its own grounds . He thought it therefore better now to go into an investigation of the motion now before the house , than to wait until after the house had decided upon the charges . did not understand that any material inconvenience had resulted to the house in consequence of their having committed Sandon . He was , however , ready to admit that there were some points of distinction between the case of Sandon and that of gen. Clavering , but , at the same time , there did appear contradictions in the evidence of the last witness , that he very much feared it would be impossible satisfactorily to explain , nor was it to be forgotten in the case of general Clavering , that he came for the avowed purpose of invalidating another witness . said , that as it had been postponed so long , perhaps it would have been as well to have postponed it a little longer , in case that the postponement would not be considered by gen. Clavering as a hardship ; he thought , however , it would be extremely improper now , that it was brought before the house , to suffer the motion to be withdrawn , because that would look in some degree like a step to abandon it altogether , which would certainly go to commit the dignity of the house . If it did meet with the general wish of the house , not to go into it till after the charges were disposed of , he thought that in that case , the best plan would be to adjourn over the question to some day subse- 1159 quent to the discussion of the charges . With respect to the comparison of capt . Sandon 's case with that of gen. Clavering 's , it had been stated , that Sandon 's evidence was given on the same day . He certainly had no hesitation in saying that if gen. Clavering had given all his evidence at one time , that house could not have had a doubt about what proceeding it would have been its duty to have taken ; or if his own letters had been produced on the same day that he had given in his evidence the house could not have hesitated as to what it ought to have done . In another observation that had fallen from the right hon . gent. , he seemed to think that this question went to put the house in the situation of deciding upon the testimony ; even if it did , still that proceeding did not go to discard the evidence ; so far from it , that in a very recent instance they had brought up to their bar a witness whom they had committed to Newgate for gross prevarication . As to the present question , if the wishes of the house were not inclined-to enter on the discussion now , he suggested as the best way to adjourn over the question to a future day , but disapproved of his hon . friend now withdrawing his motion . said that he had not the slightest intention of moving the adjournment , as that would look like taking it out of the hands of the hon . gent . with whom he wished to leave it . He would rather the hon . gent . himself would move the adjournment . [ Here Mr. Wynn said across the table , Move ! move ! '' ] The right hon . gent