he most certainly approved , but he had not thought it right to return the emoluments he had received , because he would not have it supposed that he would shrink from the discussion of any act of his in that house . He could assure the house , however , that he should in no future instance consent to hold his office in the event of his being appointed to a military command.—Sir A. Wellesley then bowed to the chair , and withdrew . rose , rather for the purpose of moving the previous question , than to confirm the statement of his gallant friend , which could not need any thing to aid its credit with the house . It was , undoubtedly , well understood , both here and in Ireland , that if any inconvenience had been felt , another would have been appointed . But so ur- 371 gent had been the desire of the duke of Richmond and of his majesty 's ministers here , that the gallant general should retain the office , that a successor had not been appointed , because no inconvenience had been felt . If blame was imputable any where , it was not to the right hon . officer , but to his majesty 's government . He saw no necessity for the Resolution , and therefore moved the previous question . moved the order of the day , for resuming the adjourned debate , on the motion , That the Speaker do issue his warrant for a new Writ for Poole , in the room of Mr. Jeffery , who had accepted the office of consul general in Portugal—On the debate being resumed , the question was put that a new writ be issued . observed , that having given this subject the fullest consideration , he was prepared to state some arguments upon it , if the question had given rise to discussion . The house would not be surprised if the consideration of this question led him to call its attention to the Report of the Committee of Finance , which he had the honour to present to the house at the close of last session : and something had happened within the present session which `` more particularly Galled upon him to advert to that report . There was m that report a suggestion respecting those , who , having been ministers at foreign courts , were enjoying pensions for their services . Whether any further reports would be made from that committee , it was not for him to say . The suggestion in the Report recommended , that foreign ministers should , in future , be supplied by a selection from those who were now enjoying pensions for past services . Yet , since the Report was presented , three new appointments had taken place , and the last Gazette added two more to the number , without any one of them having been selected from those who had acquired experience in their line . Upon any principle of public economy , it would be obvious that , generally speaking , such persons alone ought to be appointed , because their pensions would then cease , and so far a beneficial saving accrue to the public . The suggestion was certainly not presumptuous , because , though it recom- 372 mended the selection generally , it did not exclude deviations from the rule whenever circumstances might render them desirable . It would be found upon a reference to the Report , that the number of persons of the description he alluded to , who were enjoying pensions as stated by him , amounted to between 40 and 50 , having a revenue of between 50 and 60,000l . annually out of the public purse . It was not his intention or wish to object to the pensions enjoyed by any of those persons , but certainly he was convinced that in granting such pensions , regard ought always to be had to the duration of service . Of the five appointed , two were members of that house ; and certainly he