I can not but lament how deeply he is likely to feel the disappointment which must probably ensue from the conduct of those to whom he has entrusted the councils of the nation . If his Majesty thinks that a vigorous perseverance in our exertions is the only means of bringing the present contest to a favourable conclusion , I do imagine that we can form but a feeble hope , that the same men who hitherto hare so feebly negociated , and who have so ineffectually conducted the force of this nation , will gratify the wishes of the country in their future efforts , either in our own behalf , or in that of our allies ; for never , I believe , since Great Britain attained and supported its present rank among the nations of Europe , has its public force been directed with so little skill , so little foresight , or so little success.—His Majesty last year concluded a Treaty with the king of Sweden , by which the country stands pledged to pay to that monarch the sum of one hundred thousand pounds , which stipulation the country has performed , with fidelity ; for I believe that so far as relates to the expenditure of the public money , there are none who will think of accusing those of his Majesty 's council with ever having been wanting in vigour . ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) By that Treaty it is stipulated , that if the king of Sweden be attacked by his neighbours , this country shall concert with that Sovereign as to sending out an auxiliary force to his aid . How far there has been any thing of concert—how far there has been any thing of counsel—how far there has been any mutual communication , or common understanding , between the government of this country and his Swedish Majesty , in conformity with the Treaty , we can form some judgment by the expedition of sir J. Moore and his army sent out in the course of the last summer . Upon that occasion , an army was brought from the south of Europe almost at the moment when Spain had resolved upon hostile exertions against the usurpation of the government of France , for the purpose of de- 40 fending Sweden . That army was commanded by one of the ablest generals in the British army , aye , and the most confided in ; for that gallant officer has since been entrusted with the command of an army in Spain , upon whose success and safety perhaps at this moment depends , not alone the independence of Spain , and the glory and character of Britain , but the fate of Europe ; even the hopes of humanity itself . It can not then be argued by the right hon . gent . opposite , that if there was a failure of the expedition for the defence of Sweden , that failure was attributable to the commander of that army . For it is impossible , that the same men could have recommended to their sovereign , to employ him in Spain with whom they were dissatisfied in Sweden . ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) What then , I ask , was the result of that expedition ? Was it because sir John Moore was kept in ignorance of the mutual counsel and concert of the two governments ; or was it because there existed in the counsels of his Majesty 's ministers neither method , system nor design , that that officer , without a single musquet being fired by his army , or any battalion of it being formed in array against an enemy , was compelled actually to make his escape from Stockholm in disguise ? ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) Is it here the empire is to look for a proof of that energetic vigour , on which the present servants of the Crown have ventured to plume them selves ? Is this the prospective hope they hold out to their sovereign and to their