I think we should have , from the high authority of the Chair , an expression of surprize , if not of indignation , at the money of the people of this country being sent abroad without the knowledge of parliament . And here I can not help observing at what past in the administration of Mr. Pitt , who had sent money to Austria without consulting parliament on the subject . Even he afterwards felt the impropriety of such an act , and so did the whole House ; and one of his most intimate friends . ( Mr. Bragge Bathurst ) moved , in this House , a Resolution that such a practice was not to be drawn into a precedent , which motion was carried unanimously ; therefore , I say , lam entitled to complain even that we are now debating this matter . For we have now little more to do than to pass a bill to sanction the payment of money for the mismanagement of ministers . As to America , the right hon . gent , has referred to the letter of the American ambassador , and to his own answer ; and were I to judge from them only , I should say that it was the intention of the right hon . gent , to exasperate and goad America to war , if I had not his authority to the contrary , for he assures us that it was not The right hon . gent , is erroneous as to his facts on this subject , for America says , if you rescind your Orders in Council with regard to us , we will take off our embargo with regard to you . Here is a simple proposition of the American government , made to you the fairest that in the true spirit of conciliation could be made by one nation to another . It is conveyed in 85 a letter from the American ambassador , Mr. pinckney , and is dated on the 23d of August : to which the right hon . gent , gives no answer , good or bad , until the 24th day of Sept. Why did he delay his answer ? Was he aware of what he was doing for France by that delay for it afforded time to France to conciliate America ? Why did he do this ? Because , lie says , time must be given to find whether France will revoke her decree or not . Now it would have been better for us that France should have refused to do so , because it would have secured to us tile benefit of that inestimable blessing to this country—peace with America . We should then have been relieved from all apprehensions of a rupture with the United States . Well , says the right hon . gent , but this must not be done , because then we shall appear to make concessions to France . How so ? —Why , the right hon . gent . insists that we can not agree to any proposition made by America , for rescinding our Orders in Council , unless France shall consent to revoke her decrees . Now , by this principle , and by this doctrine , we are , and must for ever remain , at the mercy of France . We can never rescind our Orders in Council unless France shall consent to revoke her decree ! that is , in other words , saying , that while France is perverse we must be obstinate , even though it directly militates against our interest , and against all rational policy and propriety of political conduct . This may suit the sentiments and feelings of the right hon . gent . but will it be an answer to the starving manufacturers of this country ? Will he be able to satisfy them for their hardships because he is afraid of making what he calls concessions ? Will this be an answer to those who complain of the price of bread , depending so much , as it at this moment