delegate it to a parliamentary commission , when the investigation would be carried on more properly , more effectually , and more constitutionally in a committee of the whole house . It was fit , as the charges had been made before the whole house , that the investigation should be carried on before the whole house of commons of the empire , in order to ascertain whether the faults charged could be brought home to his royal highness ; for if they could not be so brought home , the inquiry could lead to nothing . Upon these grounds , he was of opinion that the inquiry should not be secret , but publicly carried on in that House , where the charges had been stated . A public investigation , before the world , at the bar of that house , would prove best as regarded the house , best as regarded the Commander in Chief , I and best as it regarded the hon . mover and I the public , who must be deeply interested in the result of this important inquiry . expressed his sense of the importance of the subject which was submitted to the consideration of the house . He was confident that the hon . mover was impressed with the great responsibility which attached to a charge brought , as it was , against such an elevated character in ? the country . He did by no means wish to convey any idea that the extent of such responsibility ought at all to deter a mem- 195 ber of that house from bringing before it an accusation , for which he had convincing testimony , although directed against one of the most considerable persons in the empire , both in rank and influence ; but he did conceive that when high character was implicated , the most efficient and most satisfactory mode of investigation ought to be adopted . He contended that an inquiry at the bar could not be conducted wish impartiality , in consequence , of the interference of party spirit . To enable the house to arrive at that desirable end , he fully agreed with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) near him that the investigation of the charges that night preferred ought to be committed to a parliamentary commission , specially delegated for that specific purpose . Such inquiry was not to be considered private or secret . It would afford the best species of communication , namely , publicity at the end , but not in the progress of the investigation . Whoever had attended to the consequences of public examination at the bar of the house , could not be blind to the numerous and fatal inconveniences of such a mode of proceeding . The very object for which it was proposed was too often defeated by the means . By the appointment of a Commission the witnesses would be examined upon oath ; all party bias and personal altercation would be prevented , and , of course , a weight and confidence would be attached to the decision of those delegated , and to the testimony of those examined , which it was impossible to expect from any public discussion or examination at the bar . It was for the house to bear strongly in its recollection , that in the present unexampled and critical state of the civilized world , all Europe looked with a vigilant and anxious attention to the deliberations of the British House of Commons . That house was now put on its trial before the scrutinizing tribunal of public opinion . It had to render justice , both to the illustrious personage , whose character he expected would come clear and unsullied from the ordeal , and to the country , which was equally interested in the result . The claims of the public demanded that the representatives of the people should look to substantial justice , however high the rank , eminent the services , or splendid the connections of the dignified personage against whom such charges were preferred . That justice , he conceived