off ; that it was necessary to have the most precise instructions given to the Commanders ; and yet that it was no fault in his majesty 's ministers to have abstained from giving any instructions at all . I am sure the house will act a right part if it should 917 come to a decided opinion upon the subject . We have been warned that we ought to guard against the language of humiliation , and to prevent ourselves from being depressed by the appearance of the sinking fortune of the country . The language that infers national humiliation I do not approve of ; but if results such as we have seen are to proceed from British I valour , if such are to be the only fruits that we are to reap from victory , all that I can say is , that the language of humiliation best becomes this house . But if valour and victory only lead to misfortune and disgrace , let us point out to whom the language of humiliation ought to belong . If the glory of armies be rendered unavailing by the weakness of our councils ; if valour in the field be defeated by incapacity in the Cabinet , let us at least discriminate.—With this view , I shall propose , with deference to the house , the adoption of Resolutions intended to record a most important commentary on the past , and to present a most instructive lesson for the future.—The noble lord concluded by moving the two following Resolutions : 1 . `` That the Convention concluded at Cintra , on the 30th of August , 1808 , and the Maritime Convention concluded off the Tagus on the 3d of September , 1808 , appear to this house to have disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country . 2 . `` That the Causes and Circumstances which immediately led to the conclusion of those Conventions , appear to this house , in a great measure , to have arisen from the misconduct and neglect of his majesty 's ministers . '' thanked the noble lord for the very fair and satisfactory statement he had given . He agreed that ministers were bound to vindicate , not the commencement merely , but the issue of the military transactions in Portugal , and he thanked the noble lord for the distinct , clear , and peremptory manner in which he had brought it forward , which if ministers could not meet they did not merit the confidence of parliament or the country . He confessed he was rather prepared to expect that the noble lord would have proposed an additional inquiry , and would have argued that the inquiry already adopted was not sufficient for attaining the ends of substantial justice . He congratulated the house , however , on the knowledge , that if the course adopted by government was not altogether approved by the noble lord , he did not quarrel with it ; 918 at all events , he did not ask for any farther inquiry . He could not but think , therefore , that the noble lord had rather been guilty of some small share of supererogation in the observations which he had used on this subject . Boards of Inquiry had been adopted in the most important , periods of our military history . If government had pursued another course , and assembled a Court Martial , they should tonight have heard that they were pursuing a narrow system of concealment as to themselves , and that they had provided for their own safety by the trial of the officers employed , lie prided himself , however , on thinking that he had adopted a course which the noble lord could not impeach ; and that though sir II . Dalrymple had no objection to a Court Martial , or any other investigation , the mode adopted by government was one calculated to satisfy individual feelings and public justice , and which the noble lord did not attempt to arraign . He trusted , therefore , the house was now about to