the writing of a person whom he had never seen write ; a practice which certainly would not be allowed in the courts below . Under these circumstances , he wished the Committee to pause before they determined , for it seemed to him to be of such importance , that if a vote should take place on it , he should give his against the witness being admitted . observed , that this objection of the hon . gent . ought to have been made when the subject was first introduced to the notice of the Committee ; for when it had been decided that such evidence should be resorted to , it seemed rather hard that any opposition should now be made to it . He supposed , however , the hon . gent . left the house the other night before the subject was mentioned in the Committee . In the course of the last night 's discussion on this inquiry , an hon . member under the gallery had observed , that having carefully compared the Note with the two letters which had been actually proved to be the Duke 's hand-writing , the letters in the Note appeared to him , from their formation , to be more like an imitation of letters than a regular hand-writing . On this it was thought necessary that the information should be attended to , and followed up as accurately as possible ; and as it would be altogether out of the power of all the members of that house to examine the Papers so minutely as to form a decision on the point , it was thought most adviseable to apply to four or five persons of the Post-office and the Bank , who were in the use and habit of investigating such points in cases of life and death . If these Letters and Note were only to be submitted to a jury of 12 men , they might all of them examine all the letters so minutely , as to decide the point by themselves ; but in so great a number as the members of that house , such an examination would be absolutely impossible . Such a proceeding had been allowed in a trial at bar by 849 four judges , sitting in solemn decision in the Court of King 's Bench ; but in one case , that decision had been denied to be law by one judge at Nisi Prius . The present proceeding , as he observed before , had been adopted the other night ; and though it might not fall in with the observations of the hon . gent . on the subject , it was somewhat hard the witness should now be objected to , after it had previously been agreed upon that he should be examined , and that he had been sent for accordingly.—As to the observation of the hon . gent. , viz . that it seemed as if the Committee were inclined to give indulgence on one side and not on the other , he thought it was by no means the case . In one instance a person was called to examine a hand-writing that was not his own , and in the other , a writing that was her own . If there had been any irregularity , it was in having admitted col. Gordon 's evidence , but none in Mrs. C. 's ; for if any thing should arise in the course of the letters produced to the injury of Mrs. C. 's evidence , she would be allowed to have an examination of such parts , and if any alterations and interpolations had been made , she would be able to detect and point them out . From the mode adopted by the Speaker , he was equally ignorant of the evidence this witness would give as the hon . gent . was or any other person whatever ; but he thought as he had been called upon by the Committee to make the examination , and had done so , he ought to be permitted to give