illustrious personage accused , and to the great interests of the country , which were so implicated in the issue . The right hon . secretary had assumed as a fact , that such a Conspiracy as he described , existed , and upon that assumption he rested all his arguments . If such a Conspiracy did exist , every man must lament , that such a character , elevated in rank and influence , should be exposed to un merited calumny . Still it was to be presumed and hoped , that a prince of the house of Hanover would prefer even suffering under such attacks , rather than risque the liberty of that press to which that family and the British Empire owed so much . But why was this brutality of insult so long suffered to continue ? Were the Attorney and Solicitor Generals asleep , and the other law officers of the crown asleep ? How came it that they neglected their duty ? He was ready to give them credit that the omission was notintentional . There was one point in the speech of the 201 right hon . secretary from which he must dissent . It was assumed by him , that if the result should , as he trusted , acquit his royal highness , his hon . friend would be infamous for preferring the accusation . Such doctrine was not supported either by the spirit or usage of the constitution . If there were justifiable grounds for his charge , or if informations of a strong kind were laid before him , it was his bounden duty , as an honest public servant , to act upon it in that house . In compliance with that sense of duty , his hon . friend did submit the subject to the house , and whatever might be the issue , he was convinced that not a particle of infamy could attach to him ( Mr . Wardle . ) He had thought it necessary to say thus much , from the conviction he felt of the purity of the motives that influenced his hon . friend , upon this occasion . There was one strong reason that this business should go to a Committee of the house , which weighed particularly with him ; namely , that it would be impossible to select any set of names that would satisfy this herd of libellers , and calumniators , of which such mention had been made by the right hon . secretary . was happy to find that there had been such an universal concurrence of sentiment with respect to the necessity of examining in the most solemn manner the charges which had now been brought forward . He should have thought it unnecessary to trouble the House on the occasion , if it were not for one or two expressions which had fallen from an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , who seemed to censure the idea of there being a systematic conspiracy to calumniate the duke of York and the royal family ; and who stated that ministers and the law-officers must be much to blame for not instituting prosecutions , if such a conspiracy really existed . He was somewhat surprised at the course which had been taken in the debate by a noble lord ( FoLkestone ) , who suffered the original motion to be carried , nemcon . and afterwards spoke against the course which the house had adopted by that resolution . For his part , he thought that every possible publicity should be given to the proceedings upon this important occasion . It was a proud situation for the constitution of this country , to have a personage the most exalted in rank of any subject in the realm ( except one ) , desiring the same publicity in the examination of the charges against him , as would take place in . the case of the lowest and meanest 202 subject . Although every gentleman would perceive that the house would suffer great inconvenience in being obliged to devote to this examination so