, in adverting to the misconduct of ministers in their plans of the campaign , upon a motion to thank the officers who had terminated it so much beyond the expectation of the public , was a question he was not particularly qualified to determine . But of this he was sure , that his observations were inseparable from every honest or rational feeling on the subject . Was it possible to deplore the loss of friends whom we loved , and of men whose lives were precious to their country in a most awful crisis , without lamenting in bitterness that they were literally immolated by the ignorance and folly of those who now wished to cover their own disgrace , by the just and natural feelings of the public , towards men who had died for their country ? But for their immortal renown , it would have been better for them , certainly much better for their country , to have shot them upon the parade of St. James 's park , than to have sent them , not to suffer the noble risque of soldiers—and in a practicable cause , but to endure insufferable , ignoble , and useless misery , in a march to the very centre of Spain , when they who sent them knew that Buonaparte had above 100,000 men before them , so as to render attack not only impracticable , but retreat only possible , by the noble , unparalleled exertions they were assembled to commemorate : and what sort of retreat ? —a retreat leaving upon the roads and in the mountains of Spain from 8 to 9,000 of our brave men , dying of fatigue , without one act of courage to sweeten the death of a soldier.—What could , then , be a more disgusting and humiliating spectacle than to see the government of this great empire , in such a fearful season , in the hands of men who seemed not fit to be a vestry in the smallest parish—The noble lord said , he felt as much for the fame of the immortal officer deceased as any of their lordship could possibly feel . He knew him well . He lived in terms of intimacy with his family , and he admired his superior talents . He had another interest in the fame of the victory . Though the two countries were united so as to have long put an end to all 137 national prejudices , he might be forgiven if he felt pride and exultation that his smaller country had more than contributed its quota to the glory of the united empire . He felt pride and exultation that sir John Moore was a native of Scotland ; that Baird was a native of Scotland ; that Hope was a native of Scotland ; and that Fraser and M ' Kenzie were natives of Scotland ; that Anstruther was a native of Scotland ; and that Ferguson was a native of Scotland . But this national pride only increased his indignation , to see such men and such resources utterly thrown away and lost , by the total want of capacity in those who misdirected their efforts . also entirely concurred in the motion , and praised in the highest terms the conduct of sir John Moore . They were called upon , it was true , to vote Thanks for a success , which was followed by a retreat , but the success belonged to the army and its commander , the retreat to those who sent them and who placed them in such a situation , that a safe retreat could alone be looked to ; for the folly and incapacity which dictated such conduct , ministers must answer to their country . It was , indeed , a `` sinking country , '' if such mismanagement was suffered to continue , situated as we were in the midst of perils and difficulties unexampled in the history of the country . The hand of Providence appeared to be on us ; within three years we had lost two great statesmen , in