might ensue . He wished that the two countries might go hand in hand ; and mutually assist one another . The north of England stood very much in need of the produce of Ireland . Owing to the depression of manufactures and trade , the people there were not half fed . The oats of Ireland would satisfy them . They had hitherto conducted themselves with great temper and patience ; but if they understood that a part of that which might , be appropriated to their support was allowed to be consumed , not in the preservation but the destruction of man , they might probably not remain so well satisfied . declared himself to be of opinion that the people of England would not get a grain of corn less out of Ireland , if the bill should stand as it then was , than if the prohibition were extended to the latter country . Grain in Ireland was much more abundant than in the last year . The price of provisions would show this , for though comparatively high in the market of Dublin , it was much lower in Ireland in general . If he thought that the measure would bear hard upon G. Britain , he would unquestionably vote against it ; but being satisfied of the contrary , it should have his cordial support . described the scarcity of oats in the North of England , and particularly in Cumberland , to be very great . They were not able to get them from Wexford under 37s . per quarter . He was desirous that the prohibition should be extended to Ireland , and he was satisfied that it would not at all injure the agriculture or interests of that country . For the purpose of preventing the illicit distillation , a reduction might be made in the duties on the spirits distilled from sugar ; and in the present flourishing state of the revenue , such a sacrifice might be well made in preference to bearing hard upon the people . He recommended that if the present bill should be passed , its duration should be limited to two months , in order to give time for an ample investigation of the expediency of a more permanent measure . declared that the present 1133 bill was a direct violation of the Act of Union , and one of a nature unprecedented since the passing of that act . By that act , a final and permanent adjustment of commercial jealousies had been made , and the house ought to pause , before it enacted a law which distinctly violated that compact . complained , that the right hon . Bart . ( sir J. Newport ) , had misrepresented him , when he stated that he had said the people of Ireland naturally disobeyed the law . All that he had observed on that subject was , that the lower orders from their ignorance of the law , held it in utter contempt , and were guilty of disobedience to it . The right Son . bart . had himself declared that the higher orders were at least as apt to encourage the infraction of the law as the lower orders to commit it . If therefore , he could for a moment suppose ( which he did not ] that such was the right hon . baronet 's intention , he might infer that he meant to extend the accusation of a proneness to disobedience , to a much greater sphere . The right hon . bart . had said , that he ( Mr. E. ) induced the Committee of Supply that evening to vote increased sums to public Charter Schools , on the ground of the increased price of provisions . It was on the ground of the increased price of other articles besides provisions : of clothes , & c. If the present bill were to hinder corn coming from Ireland to England , he would not urge it . But it was only to prevent the corn from getting into the hands of the private distillers ,