chain of accurate deduction and conclusive arguments . Now that Dr. Laurence is no more , I trust I shall be excused for paying this humble tribute to the memory of his exalted talents and unbounded knowledge , and I am certain , that , whatever might have been their past differences , the right hon . gentlemen opposite will concur with me as to his merits , and admit , that , however distinguished the individuals who remain , either in his particular department , or in the more extended branches of the legal profession , this house and the country have , in Dr. Laurence , lost a vast fund of knowledge , an exemplary instance of public and private virtue , and a larger propor- 1163 tion of pure principles , and political integrity , than perhaps have ever been united in any one individual . ( Hear ! hear ! ) —We , Sir , in common , regret his loss ; but on this question how much shall I feel it ? I wish , since he is irrecoverably gone , his mantle had been left among us ; but knowing , as I do , what he was , and feeling , as I do , what I am , I will yet go forth armed with but my scrip and sling ; and knowing that my cause is righteous , I will not fear for my weakness , though a host of Goliaths be brought against me . Before , however , I enter the lists , I would wish to premise some preliminary stipulations according to the practice of the chivalrous times . I would beg leave , then , in the first instance , to prescribe , that the right hon . gentlemen would , upon the present question , be more sparing of their reflections upon me as the uniform advocate for our enemies , and against England . These gentlemen have been too liberal in dealing out such reflections against me : in any question where England is right , I will support her ; where she is wrong , I will oppose her injustice : and in advocating the just cause of America , or of any other power , against the injustice of England , I say I am advocating the cause of my country . I am not the advocate of America . I am not the advocate of France , but the advocate of my country , because I am the advocate of justice . I have pledges as dear , and affections as strong , as any gentleman who hears me , to bind me to my country , and , though I plead the cause of America , when , in my conscience , I believe she has justice on her side , I can confidently say , that I shall never be found the last to vindicate the real honour of my country.—There is another topic , in which the mind of the right hon . gent . opposite possesses no very ordinary fertility , I mean recrimination . I do trust that , upon this night , he will endeavour to refrain from its introduction ; if from no better reason , at least as a matter of taste ; for , surely , this house ought to be fatigued in hearing from the other side no better argument for the different acts of their government , than that their predecessors had been equally criminal . At all events , the objection , even futile as it is , can not apply to me . With every respect for the principles , and every confidence in the enlightened views of the hon . friends who surround me , and with whom it is my pride generally to act , I still wish this house to recollect that even 1164 with them I differed on the issuing of the Decree of the 7th of Jan. 1807 ; when , with the knowledge that I possessed , of their determination relative to the extent of that order , I still felt it my