he sat down exclaiming , `` Well ! well ! well ! ) deprecated all personal aspersions upon members of that house , and conceived , that if a threatening letter from an anonymous person was criminal , a threatening manner to that house was not less culpable . said , that he had no idea of proposing to insert the letter in the Minutes of the Committee , until some member across the table whispered the propriety of doing so . He however contended and must insist , that the evidence whit h he had felt it his duty to give in answer to the interrogatory of the hon . member , should continue to constitute a part of the proceedings . conceived , that through some error the question put to his hon . friend ( Mr. Adam ) was taken down incorrectly by the note taker The question , as taken by the note taker , was simply , whether Mr. Adam had a son a lieut.-col. in the army . Whereas the actual question was . that Mr. Adam having stated , that he acted for the Commander in Chief gratuitously , he ( Mr. Wardle ) wished to know whether his learned friend had not a son in the army . Meaning by the import and spirit of his interrogatory to convey , that the services of his learned friend were remunerated by the promotion of his son.— The interrogatory was , with Mr. Wardle 's admission , corrected according to the wish expressed by Mr. Sheridan . considered it his duty , before he submitted his Charge against the Commander in Chief in the promotion of capt . Maling , to positively state , that he believed that gentleman as proper an officer as any of his rank in the service . Every inquiry he had made went to prove that his conduct was strictly honourable . It would appear from the Gazette , that capt . Maling was appointed to his ensigncy in Nov. 1805 ; that he was promoted to his lieutenancy in the same month of the year.1806 ; and obtained a company on the 5th of Sept. 1808 . His majesty 's regulations had prescribed , that every officer should continue for a limited time in his subaltern situation . But his complaint in this case was , that capt . Maling was promoted over the heads of officers , many years his seniors in the army , and who were many of them lieutenants long before he received his appointment to an ensigncy . This was a most cruel system ; and , in the present instance , he conceived it particularly aggravated , inasmuch as the promotion of capt . Maling was throughout gratuitous , to the injury of old subalterns who had applied to purchase companies at the re-of time , but also recommended by wounds received in the cause of their sovereign and country . It was undeniable that such a system was vitally injurious to the best interests of the country , and , of course , to prevent its recurrence , was of material importance . If any improper conception of the nature of this charge had gone a broad , he felt extreme regret , but it was his duty to take advantage of subsequent opportunities in order to explain himself . His charge was , that capt . Maling had , in the short space of two years and three months received his three commissions , and was appointed to a company over the heads of many subalterns who had made application to the Commander in Chief for leave to purchase , and who were old ensigns and lieutenants long before that gentleman left Mr. Greenwood 's office . He did , he believed , state on the former night that capt . Maling continued to fulfil his duty to Mr. Greenwood , some months after his appointment to an ensigncy . was anxious to ascertain the distinct charge on which the hon . member wished then to proceed . The 343 gravamen of the case , when originally introduced by the