be of any avail . They adopted a system , which was published in the early part of the summer , under the title of `` Precautions '' , and which contained a most excellent plan of defence adapted to the peculiarities of the country , and calculated to harrass and annoy an invading army , and to wear them down by a continued system of partial attack , without incurring the risk which must necessarily attend a pitched battle with regular and veteran troops . This system was the best which could be adopted by that country , under its then circumstances , and might have produced a great effect upon the enemy , whose troops would have been continually harassed and fatigued , whilst the Spaniards , taking advantage of the peculiarities of their country , would have incurred little immedate risk , and would have gained a knowledge and attained a discipline which might have subsequently qualified them to contend in the field with the regular troops of France . This excellent system we forced them to abandon , by sending into the interior of the country a British army : it then became impossible for the Spaniards to leave our army to fight their battles by itself ; our army would , of course , proceed in the manner and according to the usual routine of a regular army ; and thus the Spaniards were forced on to engage in pitched battles , at a period when they were not competent , with regular troops , whilst the British army , too small to cope with the great superiority of troops brought into the field by France , can only retreat . In this way , my lords , I contend that the sending a British army into the interior of Spain has been actually injurious to the cause of the Patriots in that country.—I waited anxiously towards the close of last session for some communication on the subject of Spain , which I. did expect Ministers would have made for the purpose of obtaining the decision of Parliament . Had such a communication been made , I should certainly have delivered my opinion as to the impolicy of sending British troops into the interior of Spain . Ministers , however , chose to act without asking the advice of Parliament , and in what way have they contributed to the assistance of the 'Universal Spanish Nation ' , as it has been called ? In what manner have they 14 afforded the aid of which they now so much boast ? Setting aside for a moment the consideration of the general question of the policy or impolicy of sending British troops into the interior of Spain , it may be said , that there was a time when a British force of 30 or 40,000 men might have contributed to obtain a great temporary advantage , which , whatever effect it might have had upon the ultimate fate of the war , would at least have enabled the Spaniards to arrange their defence , and to mature their preparations . It may be said , that there was a period of the contest , when the French having been driven from Madrid , and forced to take refuge in the neighbourhood of the Pyrenees , a British force , sent there at that particular crisis , might have driven the French beyond the Pyrenees , and placed in the hands of the Spaniards the keys of their country , which they might then have been enabled to defend under infinitely more advantageous circumstances than they had since been placed in . It might be said , that this case did , from peculiar circumstances , actually occur . Allowing it to be so , how was it taken advantage of ? One might have supposed , that , to make the proper use of such an advantageous conjuncture of affairs , our troops would have been sent to the port nearest the scene of action , and from whence they might be marched , in the shortest time , to the spot where their services