not only by his majesty 's present ministers , but by their predecessors . The Order of the 7th of Jan. laid the foundation of a broad general principle , which had only been acted upon in the subsequent Orders , so much the subject of animadversion with the hon . gent . opposite . And here he begged leave to appeal to the principles and the language laid down by his noble and able predecessor ( lord Grey ) , whose authority he did not imagine the gentlemen opposite him would dispute . Much was said about observance of the law of nations . He was willing to admit that it was not upon the poor pre- 1204 tence of the existing law of nations , but upon the extension of that law , an extension just and necessary , that his majesty 's ministers were to rely in the present instance for justification . The Order of the 7th of Jan. asserted the principle of retaliation , but limited and restrained its application ; the old rule of 1756 was admitted , though contrary to his expectation ; and when France knew no distinction between slave and slave , he thought England was justified in refusing to recognize any distinction between port and port.—It should not be supposed , he said , that the Order of the 7th of January was one jot more conformable to the ancient law of nations , than those for which the present government was responsible.—Any deviation from law was as much a deviation as if it had been made to any larger extent . The Orders in Council were to be defended upon this ground , that the present state of the world required the application of new principles , or the extension of old ones . When he and his colleagues came into power , they had found that the principle of retaliation was acted upon by their predecessors , mitigated in its extent , and limited and corrected in its degree , but manifestly and expressly intended to be farther enforced when circumstances and occasions should challenge the enforcement . But while he went so far with the former ministry as to admit the justice of the principle upon which they had acted , he confessed that he could not understand one part of their conduct in the negociation with America . He did not understand why , on the 30th of Dec. they should appear to entertain doubts , and hold forth expectations as to the policy they should adopt ; and on the 7th of Jan. all of a sudden , acquire such new lights upon the subject , as to determine , without farther hesitation , upon the adoption of the principle upon which that Order was founded . He did not understand why , after a promise of waiting the result of certain contingencies , they should in about a week decide without waiting for that result . It was a point in their conduct which he hoped the noble lord ( H. Petty ) could explain ; he owed the explanation to America ; he owed it to his friends , and to his country.—It seemed to be a question , whether the act of the Berlin Decrees was an act of hostility or not . He was much surprised how any one could consider it a question . It was said to be a mere municipal regulation , instituted by France for her own 1205 convenience ; but what was that municipal regulation , and where was its pretence to the character it had thus assumed ? It was urged in support of its title to that character , that the Navigation Act of England was considered a municipal regulation ; and it was asked , where was the distinction that should exclude the latter from the same class ? The distinction was manifest , the regulation of the Navigation Act was a permanent one ; it was one of long standing ; it was known to all the world , and acquiesced in by all nations ; it was not a regulation adapted