. He was sorry to have delayed the house , but it was impossible for him to have re- 665 retained silent after what had fallen from the noble lord . in explanation , stated , that with respect to the new cases , he did not say that they were numerous , but that this was not the only one which could not he proceeded in from want of evidence , arising from the cause he had assigned . As to the charge of infamy , he repeated , that it had been asserted that infamy must fall somewhere—on the accused , if guilty ; on the accuser , if he could not substantiate his charges . [ Hear ! hear ! ] said , that it was customary in the house to give to the different members the character which belonged to them : to a baronet the appellation of `` the worthy baronet '' —to a member of the learned profession that of '' the learned gent . `` —and to the unprofessional members of the house that of `` the hon . gent . '' It was most irregular and unjust to use any descriptive epithet but such as he had mentioned . He complained , therefore , in the strongest manner , of the term `` professed adviser of the Duke of York , '' used towards himself by the noble lord . If the noble lord had said , that to the suggestion of `` a learned gent . '' the line of conduct adopted by the house was owing , he should have had no observation to make ; but when it was to go forth to the public that he , a member of parliament , acted in a parliamentary proceeding as the professed adviser of the Duke of York , he had reason to complain of such an expression , and endeavour if possible to counteract its tendency . He begged the house would excuse his calling their attention to a subjection wholly personal ; he owned he was actuated by the most serious feelings on this subject . He was anxious in the most solemn manner to repel the imputation which that appellation might cause.—He knew how unpleasant it was to the house to listen to personal observations , but it was important to him that he , whose life had been passed in the discharge of a variety of public duties , should endeavour to preserve the character which he trusted he had acquired without touch or stain . He was not aware that on any occasion he had failed in the discharge of the various obligations which had from lime to time been imposed upon him ; whether during ? his parliamentary life of above twenty-five years , or in the private concerns of his family , exposed as he had been to encreasing pressure , to the res angustœ domi ; by winch , however , he had never 666 been tempted to deviate from the strict line of political or moral integrity . Although the hon . gent . by whom those charges were originated had intimated that the appointment of a Select Committee to investigate them would accord with his opinion , he had not thought proper to move for such a committee . An hon . gent . opposite had suggested proceeding by a parliamentary commission ; with those two exceptions , he did not recollect a dissenting voice against the course ultimately adopted by the house . He appealed to the house , whether there had been the least interruption to the most free and unrestrained enquiry . With respect to himself , he was in the judgment of the house , whether he had ever said or done any thing that gave a colour to the appellation of `` professed adviser of the Duke of York . '' He hoped that the country would be satisfied that this matter , which had been introduced publicly , had been conducted openly , and in a manner that was in the highest degree honourable to the house of commons . declared , that he