one Kennett , in the city , had , since he addressed the house , called him into the lobby , and informed him , that he was willing to deliver up the papers . He had seen some of them , which he had communicated to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who concurred with him in thinking they were worthy the observation of the house . The person who had them , having mentioned it would be inconvenient to him to attend that evening , he had dispensed with his further attendance . He had accordingly promised to bring him the papers to-morrow morning , and he would call the attention of the Committee to them at their next meeting . The house being resumed , the Chairman reported progress , and asked leave to sit again to-morrow , which was ordered . called their lordships ' attention to the subject of the late campaign in Spain and Portugal . Impressed as he was , with a deep sense of the misconduct of ministers , and recollecting that they professed a disposition to put the house in possession of every information that might be requisite to enable parliament and the country to decide upon their measures , he felt it his duty to move for several returns , calculated to attain that object . He understood that the Spanish Juntas particularly solicited the assistance of a respectable body of cavalry . This was precisely that description of force which we could have best spared , 703 as our cavalry establishment greatly exceeded what could at any time be requisite for the purposes of internal defence . But among the various features of the misconduct of ministers , one of the most striking was their tardiness in complying with the request of the Spaniards , and the very limited extent to which it was at last gratified . The official dispatches bore testimony to the injurious consequences of a deficiency of cavalry in the battle of Vimiera . He concluded with moving for a Return of the effective Cavalry in Great Britain on the 1st of July 180S , a Return of the Cavalry engaged in the battle of Vimiera , and a Return of the total of the British Cavalry in Spain , at the moment of the junction of the several divisions of the troops under sir John Moore . assured the noble lord and the house , that ministers felt not the least wish to oppose the motion just made . On the contrary , it had their hearty concurrence . He only wished to amend the motion , so as to include a return of the various arrivals of cavalry in Portugal subsequent to the battle of Vimiera , and up to the time of sir John Moore 's march into Spain . With the view of still further promoting the purpose of fair and impartial inquiry into the conduct of ministers , he should move for additional papers as soon as the noble lord 's motion was disposed of . had no objection to the amendment proposed by the noble secretary , provided the date of the various arrivals of cavalry in Portugal were added . This suggestion being acceded to , the motion was put and agreed to . then said , that in order to explain , in the most ample manner , the line of conduct adopted by ministers in reference to Spain and Portugal , he felt it necessary to move for copies of the Instructions sent to our commanders in those countries , and the communications from them to ministers , with the exception of such parts as it might he injurious to the public service to publish . He wished noble lords to understand , that the passages he alluded to were such as related to services still depending . As to services completed , there was no intention of withholding any documents that , in the slightest degree , bore upon the discussion of their merits . All that he requested was , that nothing should be done to prejudge the question of