was doing ample justice to both they ought to abstain from fixing a stigma on the conduct of another officer , especially after the loss which he had recently sustained . Sir H. Burrard was the commander of the army on the 21st , and from his judicious conduct had deserved the Thanks of that house ; and he was sure that no jealousy could exist in the great mind of sir A. Wellesley on this subject . If sir H. Burrard was so modest as not to aspire to the honour which that house had it in its power to confer , sir A. Wellesley , on the other hand , was too generous to envy the thanks of the house to an officer who had not interrupted him in his career , as had been said by an hon . gent . on the floor ( Mr. Blachford ) but had refused to interfere with the triumphs of sir A. Wellesley , and while he took the responsibility on himself ascribed in his dispatch the merit to sir Arthur . Could the house depart from the established rule , and refuse to record their Thanks to sir H. Burrard , the Commander-in-Chief , as well as to sir A. Wellesley ? He fully agreed in the caution of his hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Lambe ) not to blame sir H. Burrard , and the only way to prevent this was to introduce the name of sir Harry , which might be done without any injury whatever to sir A. Wellesley . If a Commander was responsible for what he committed to an inferior officer , why should he be deprived of the praise ? Was sir Harry at a distance on the day of the battle ? Had he not taken the command the day before ? Sir Arthur came and took his orders from sir H. Burrard before , during , and after the battle . Sir H. Burrard considered the plan of sir Arthur , and 154 held himself responsible for it . An hon . gent . on the other side had defied the opinion of the Court of Inquiry , and decided that sir H. Burrard had done wrong ; but he , who did not think quite so lightly of the opinion of the Board , and especially of that of one noble lord who was a member , thought that , after the manner in which the subject appeared to have been considered by that Board , the house could not refuse its Thanks to sir H. Burrard without doing a gross injustice to that officer . In no Vote of Thanks had the Commander-in Chief been ever before left out . The conduct of sir Hyde Parker had been the subject of animadversion , who had entrusted the execution of the business at Copenhagen to lord Nelson ; yet sir Hyde Parker was thanked by both houses . If the conduct of sir Arthur , instead of producing a brilliant result , had led to some disaster , sir H. Burrard would have been responsible , and it would have been no excuse that he had delegated the command to sir A. Wellesley . Under these circumstances , ought he not to be considered as sharing in the merits of the success ? He had no knowledge of sir H. Burrard—he had never spoken to him in his life—but he thought it an act of duty to move that his name should be included . It was due to his merits , and might be some consolation under the afflicting calamity , of which intelligence had been received that day , and which deprived that gallant officer of a son , who might hereafter illustrate by his achievements the military glory of his country . An hon . gent . had adverted to the reception which sir A. Wellesley had met with . His reception , he believed , was marked with that applause which his distinguished merits deserved—but what had been the reception of sir H. Burrard and sir Hew Dalrymple ? On the question between sir