day of battle discipline was necessary ; and it was well-known how much the Commander in Chief had attended to that object , which had rendered the army so formidable to the enemy . Another fact to which it was important to allude , was the extreme order and regularity which had been introduced into the office of the Commander in Chief , which the inquiry would prove . rejoiced that the hon . gent . had at length brought forward facts , to which a specific inquiry might be directed ; and he rejoiced also , that the character of the Commander in Chief would not be the subject of that general sort of discussion , which sometimes took place in that house ; but that every fact would be fully and fairly sifted . It had fallen to his lot to know how promotions were conducted in the office of the Commander in Chief , and he knew that it was 189 regularly recorded in that office who recommended the promotion , and the documents would be found there , so that all these transactions might be completely traced . With regard to the produce of the half-pay fund , the mode in which the money came into the office , and the mode in which it was issued , were recorded . Under these circumstances , he rejoiced that a Committee was to be appointed , and he hoped they would make a special report— so much with regard to the al-ledged facts ; but he must observe , with respect to the removal of the barrack master of the Cape of Good Hope , that such removals were circumstances of common occurrence . The instance in question related to the establishment at Ceylon ; and in foreign establishments , though the facts stated by the hon . gent should be true , it constituted no ground of charge : for it was in the ordinary course of the service . With respect to the exchange between an officer going to the West Indies and one remaining here , the Commander in Chief would be in a most extraordinary situation if it was to be made a ground of accusation , that he had not consented to an arrangement tending to the convenience , perhaps to the benefit , of individuals . As to one of these gentlemen dying here , and the other in the West Indies , if these general charges were to be listened to , it would be impossible for a person in his royal highness 's illustrious station to conduct the business . The circumstances stated by the hon . gent . went to shew that his royal highness , with a view to put a little money in his own pocket , had encroached upon the half-pay fund . But the house would recollect that this fund was established by his royal highness , and the money furnished from the produce of commissions , which he might have given away without any sale at all . But the Commander in Chief gave up his own patronage , and saved to the public an immense sum— and yet he was charged with an embezzlement of this sort ! But he was glad that a full inquiry was to take place . There was still one topic on which he would be to blame , if he did not say a few words— he alluded to the state of the army under his command last summer . He must say , that never was there an army in a better state as far as depended on the Commander in Chief , and he must further say , that if the army had not performed the service for which it was destined , the blame would not have 190 rested with the Commander in Chief , but with him ; and whatever enthusiasm they had felt , was the result of the example and discipline afforded by the illustrious person at the head of the army . observed that he never listened to a charge more serious , and he had heard if with