the belligerents without a violation of that impartiality which is the essence of the neutral character . Yet , when that proposition should be disposed of , the whole of the difficulty would not be surmounted ; as much would still remain to be accommodated.—Another point , in which fault had been charged upon his conduct with respect to America , was , his having stated , that the system would not be given up whilst the smallest link of the confederation against Great Britain existed . It was somewhat extraordinary to hear such an accusation from those , who last session complained of the orders in council as a grievance affecting America alone . Now , when the belligerents were diminished , it was asked , what was the ground , upon which the orders in council were to be continued ; and the right hon . gent . upon a supposition , that the belligerents were reduced to Trance and Holland , triumphantly demanded what would become of these orders in council in that case ? To this he had a short answer ; if our enemies should be reduced to France and Holland , why let the orders be still continued against these powers . But he would ask , whether , if , when the number of neutrals increased , the orders in council were repealed and taken off , it might not then be charged , that they had been originally issued against America only . There was another country too , in the state of which the right hon . gent . had expressed a considerable interest , Turkey , upon which , however , unfortunately he had no opportunity of communicating any information . He could only say , that in April last , an overture had been received from the Turkish government inviting us to a renewal of the negociation ; upon which , instructions had been sent out to a diplomatic gentleman , Mr. Adair , then in the Mediterranean , to proceed to Constantinople . The instructions crossed him on his return , but he was immediately dispatched from this country . Of the effect which the late calamitous events at Constantinople might have upon the sentiments of that govern- 78 ment , he could not speak with any correctness , because no accounts had been received from Mr. Adair , since he sailed from Malta , in September last.—The right hon . gent . had particularly adverted to Sweden . On this point he could assure him and the house , that if ever the period should arrive when Sweden could make peace with her enemies , no consideration for retaining an ally in order that we should not appear to be altogether deserted , no regard to national interests or honour should be suffered to interfere with that desirable object . These were not new opinions with him or his colleagues , but opinions , which they equally entertained last session , though the hon . gent . would be aware of the delicacy which prevented them from making the avowal before . But he could assure the house that neither then , nor now , nor at the time of the overtures from Erfurth , were his majesty 's servants inclined to throw any impediments in the way of the monarch of Sweden in making any peace , that would be satisfactory to himself or beneficial to his subjects.—Another point upon which the right hon . and hon . gentlemen had animadverted with severity , was the termination of the campaign in Portugal , which they represented as disgraceful , as if they addressed people who were called upon to answer these charges , or as if his majesty 's ministers were obliged to hold any opinion upon this question , other than that avowed by the hon . gentlemen , if such a view of the case appeared to them to be just . They had thought it their duty to take care , that justice should be done to dignified and honourable men , and when the subject should come to be discussed , the