at length sent back irons America and published , and then it was seen how grossly untrue these misrepresentations had been ; it was then discovered , that whilst every provision had been made fairly to conciliate America , the greatest care had been taken to maintain the maritime rights and maritime superiority of this country , and that in this respect we had been more provident than the noble earl opposite , his majesty 's Secretary of State , had been , in a communication made by him to the government of the United Stales , in which he laid down in some sort a basis for a new Treaty . Upon this head we had decidedly the advantage in the treaty we concluded ; having done away the effect of the unwise proposition made by the noble earl . By that time the noble lords opposite , and their colleagues , had been called to his majesty 's councils , and they determined on pursuing a line of conduct totally different from the system we had thought it our duty to adopt . With reference to Ireland , to the Northern Powers , to America , every part of their system was totally different . I am glad it was so— I do not mean to say that I am glad to see such a system pursued , but seeing what their policy is , I am glad that it is totally different to what ours was . After their ill-advised and unjust expedition to Copenhagen , America was the only neutral power that could be looked to , and one would have thought that his majesty 's government would have gladly sought to conciliate America , seeing that nearly all Europe was combined against us , and shut against our trade ; and that America opened to us a market capable of taking nearly all our commerce , and with the probability , that with the increasing prosperity and population of this branch of the parent state , the market would be in no very long period so extended , that we should scarcely be able , with all our means , to supply it . His majesty 's ministers , unfortunately , pursued a different line of conduct : America covered the ocean with her ships , and is majesty 's ministers determined on 774 sweeping them from it . They therefore issued their Orders in Council to compel the vessels of an independent state to pay duties to the British Government , for leave to carry on their trade . It was natural , that the people of the United States should be jealous of such an extraordinary attack upon their independence ; it was natural that that jealousy should be the greater , from the circumstance of their independence having been so recently acknowledged by this country . This attempt to levy duties upon the ships and merchandize of the United States , bears a close analogy to the attempt made forty years ago , to levy taxes in America , which caused the revolution that ultimately severed those colonies from the parent state . I hope , my lords , the system now pursued will not plunge the two countries into hostilities , so fatal to their best interests ; but , unfortunately , there appears a determination in the part of his majesty 's government , to do every tiling , that can tend to force on that very hostility , which is so much to be deprecated . What have they attempted to do by these Orders in Council but to deprive the people of the United States in reality of their independence , by forcing them to bring all their productions to this country , to pay duty , and thus to reduce them again in effect to the situation of colonies of this country . It is well known that there is a vulgar notion in America , that it is the object of the British Government to destroy their independence , and to reduce them again to the situation of colonies . It can not be supposed for