efforts and energies of government . The experience of his political life , and the sentiments he had always entertained , were at direct variance with such intentions . What he had said was , that his majesty 's ministers were pursuing a line of policy which , if persisted in , would ultimately bring the country to ruin . At the same time his advice was , to stand firm , and if the resources and energies of the country were applied with wisdom and policy , the nation would still maintain its pre-eminent rank among nations . No country stood in so proud a situation with respect to its navy . The army , too , if permitted to exercise its valour and discipline with effect , was alike pre-eminent . The resources of the country were unequalled by any other , and the patriotism of the people , and their willingness to bear the burdens imposed upon them , was unexampled . Indeed , the voluntary contribution of the subject frequently foreran the demand , and gave to the exigencies of 391 the state before it was asked . Notwithstanding these distinguishing features , the evils resulting from the misconduct of ministers were calculated to deprive the country of the natural effects of such advantages , to depress and keep down the energies of the people , and to render useless the resources of the empire , and the valour and enterprize of our fleets and armies . Enterprises were undertaken without any specific object—armies were sent off without any matured plan of operations , and disembarked where success was impracticable ; and the only fortunate result to be calculated upon , was the proportion of disaster that might be ultimately expected , before such armies could be extricated from the peril into which they had been imprudently and unwisely pressed . But he must again repeat , that he was not undervaluing the valour of the country , or under-rating its internal resources and energies , neither did he wish to inculcate despondency or despair , but to increase public confidence and accelerate vigour . But he would also repeat , that if ills majesty 's ministers persisted in tile same ruinous councils they had for some time past adopted , he could see no possible way of saving the country from inevitable and irretrievable ruin . The question was then put , and the motion for going into a Committee upon the State of the Nation was negatived without a division . objected to any question being put to the witness , which might lead 396 him to disclose the secrets of h. r. h. as his client . said , he apprehended that it appeared by the witness 's own account he was sent for as the solicitor of Mrs. C , and not as the solicitor of the D. of Y. , and he was therefore bound to answer the question now put to him by the house . said , it was because he knew it was impossible for Mrs. C. to obtain money to the extent she did without such aid , that he had said on a former night , that a professional man was introduced to the D. of Y. for that purpose by Mrs. C. , and he hoped he should be allowed to prove that fact , more especially as he had been so flatly contradicted upon this point . feeling the last remark of the hon . gent . applied to something which had fallen from him on a former night , begged leave now to explain what he did say , and meant to be understood , namely , that the affairs of the D. of Y. with which he was confidentially intimate , were those with which he was charged confidentially as a trustee for liquidating the debts of h. r. h. But with that part of h. r. h. 's revenue reserved for his own private expenditure , he had had no interference . appealed to the house and to the hon . gent . whether it was at all proper to proceed