alliance with France . He was not quite sure , that , if the Erfurth meeting were again to take place , he would not again entertain the same sentiments , because he could not conceive , on an occasion like this , that sovereigns would cringingly submit to dig the pits for their own fail . His expectation was an homage to the spirit of a man , to the first , causes of human action—the principle of self-preservation . They had , upon the presumption that the emperor of Russia felt as a man , thought that he would have been influenced by the feelings of human nature , and consequently , that he would not have become a party to the designs of Buonaparté . If they had acted otherwise , it would have been said of them , that they had aspersed his character , and thrown away all chance of peace . He confessed himself to be one of those who entertained a hope that peace might possibly be the result of an overture , to which Russia had been a party , especially as Russia had , on all accasions , particularly interested herself for the honour and security of Spain . If it was a question for making peace , she uniformly intreated that Spain might be made a party ; if a question for making war , the request was , that Spain might be exempted from the calamities of the war . The recollection of these facts , and the conviction how much it must be the interest of Russia herself , to discountenance the ruinous projects of France , rendered it not surprising , that he should have entertained a strong impression of the sincerity of any overture for peace coming from such a quarter . Whatever was done at Erfurth , there could be no doubt but the situation of Spain , which at that time occupied the attention of all Europe , formed a very considerable part of the discussions . What , then , was the surprise of his majesty 's government at seeing that subject studiously omitted in the overtures ? They could not help supposing that Spain had been sacrificed by the emperor of Russia , and they considered it as their paramount duty to bring the matter immediately to a point , and to shew , that if any reliance was placed on the aid of Russia ; in 217 the Spanish cause , it was a reliance on a broken reed . It was therefore necessary in their answer , as studiously to introduce the name of Spain , as it had been avoided in the overtures , and to adept one of two ways , either to demand all for Spain , or only that it should be admitted , at the opening of negociations , to treat in its own behalf . They preferred the latter . What , then , was the answer returned by France , and her faithful follower Russia ? It had been stated , that France and Russia had no alternative : but , from the nature of the answer from the British government they could only return a direct negative to the demand there made ; but this was not true . France might have said , that as G. Britain and Spain were not in alliance , the government of Spain might be permitted to treat , reserving always the question of right to the sovereign of that country . By this means Buonaparté would preserve his dignity . Or he might have said , we will admit the de facto government of Spain to treat , provided you will at the same time admit of plenipotentiaries from my brother the de jure king . It was not now necessary to discuss what would have been the answer of government to this proposition ; he merely mentioned it as the return which might have been made by Buonaparté instead of a direct negative . What then , as he had already said , was the answer returned by Buonaparté ? Was it either of