aptly illustrated by that allusion . Thrice had the hon . gent , brought this proposition before the house , and in each succeeding time found himself in a smaller minority . The hon . gent , had even owned that on the present occasion he expected to find himself in a minority . As to the allusion made by the French minister to the Catholics of Ireland , he considered it a foul and impotent calumny , and said that it obviously meant nothing further than merely to exasperate one party against another . The Catholics of Ireland had , he understood , lately been in the habit of denying what their friends in that house advanced in their behalf . ( A cry of No , no ! ) He had heard so ; but if it were otherwise , he hoped they 234 would consider the hon . gent , as their advocate . He was sure , at all events , that it was a foul and scandalous calumny of Buonaparté and he hoped no gentleman in the house would take it up , for the sake of building an argument upon it in favour of Catholic Emancipation . esteemed the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning , ) the only man of any political integrity amongst the present ministers . The hon . general said , he was not afraid of the cry of Jacobinism , however much it might be the system of certain gentlemen on the other side , to hold it out as an object of terror . The noble lord opposite , whom he had the honour to call his countryman , and also the hon . gent , who had spoken last , knew practically in the year 1708 and 1709 , in what Jacobinism consisted . He defied any man to say that the Catholics of Ireland were rebels . The person who should presume to say so did not deserve to live , but to die by the hands of the common executioner . He asserted that it was false , and that no communication , good , bad , or indifferent , had taken place between them and the French since the year 1796 , when Arthur O'Connor met with Hoche on the borders of Switzerland . The right hon . gent , talked of atrocities : never had more atrocities been committed by the most desperate despot than by the British government . Of all despots the British government had been the worst . How they dealt with kings whom they wished to dethrone , his honourable friend ( sir A. Wellesley ) could inform them . In the East they did not imprison kings— they murdered them . He saw a gentleman in the house who was Secretary of ' State in Ireland in the year l798 . He could tell the house what was then the situation of Ireland . called the honourable member to order . This was not the line of conduct to be pursued in a question of the kind now before the house . said , other members had introduced Ireland , and the Catholics of Ireland were alluded to in the Papers before the house . He would tell earl Camden , if there ever was tyranny in any country , it was in Ireland under the administration of that noble , lord . again called the hon . member to order . said , then he must give up the year 1798 , the scalping , and all the rest.—Being again called to order , 235 he observed , that the best thing he could do was to sit down . said , that having a different view of the present question from any of the gentlemen who had this night delivered their opinions , and not having previously attended any of the debates connected with the cause of the Spanish people , nor expressed what were his notions on that subject , he could not allow the question to go to a vole without shortly delivering his sentiments on the occasion . On addresses proposed