dawn of which were dressed in such brilliant and glowing colours ; which in their progress , opened so many pleasing , yet delusive hopes , but which closed upon us in darkness and brought us , wearied , disappointed , dispirited , and dejected to the situation in which we find ourselves at this day . I therefore hope , that I shall be allowed to occupy the attention of the house , and to draw it to 898 that part of the transaction , unfortunately but a part , connected with the Campaign in Portugal ; and in so doing , I am sure that in this house it will not be thought that any form of inquiry , that has passed already , or any thing that has borne the name of Inquiry , has been of a nature to preclude the expediency and necessity of this house taking up the inquiry itself ; because , with whatever respect I may view the individual and military characters of the persons who composed the Board of Inquiry assembled by his majesty 's command , I must say , that constituted as that Board was , and directed as its functions were , that Board was a tribunal more incompetent to give satisfaction to the country , more irreconcilable with all the known and received principles of law and equity in this country , than any that has ever existed . And in order that I may be able to state that my opinion is in conformity with the best authorities on this subject , I shall , without detaining this house by going into any discussion of those authorities , slate the opinions which they have held . I hold in my hand the opinion delivered by my lord Woodhouselee , on the subject of Courts of Inquiry . It is here asserted by that able authority , that although there is in his majesty a power inherent to convene such boards as Courts of Advice , vet still that their decisions have no binding effects on the party accused . And though it has happened , that persons suspected have been examined by them , the call was not founded in justice , nor can persons be compelled to obey them . In this opinion Mr. M'Arthur and Mr. Adey , two gentlemen who have also written on this subject , concur . But , sir , these are not the only authorities to which I can appeal , in order to support the validity of the opinion which I have given . There is in our history a memorable instance , in which the reference to such a court was pregnant with evils ; yet will it be believed , that this very instance , which had proved in its operation so mischievous , and in its consequences so pregnant with evil , was the very identical precedent on which the servants of the crown recommended to their sovereign the formation of the late Court of Inquiry ! I allude to the case of sir John Mordaunt , whose conduct was first submitted to a Board of Inquiry , which next sent him to a Court Martial , where he was acquitted upon the ground that the only evidence against him arose from his own 899 answers tending to criminate himself.—Such an example is of itself sufficient 10 satisfy the house of the inconvenience and disadvantages arising from that particular mode of inquiry . I therefore do think myself justified in asserting , that a Court of Inquiry held as this has been , opening its doors to the public , calling upon the very parties to give their testimony , and drawing from them information by which they were to be subjected to criminal prosecution , was a tribunal calculated rather to defeat than to promote the ends of justice , or to give satisfaction to the public . Even by the constitution of the Court itself , it was impossible for it to inquire into any demerits beyond those of the officers . The result of the opinion of that Court has been ,