assistance in examining the debts , which under other circumstances he might be inclined to do . And a case had occurred the other day in the court of Chancery , where it appeared that a creditor had refused to sign a certificate , because the bankrupt had suggested what turned out to be the fact , that he was endeavouring to prove a larger debt than was due to him . There also existed another motive to withhold the certificate . The bankrupt , until he obtained the certificate , could not be a witness in any thing that related to the estate ; and the creditors who had any contest with respect to it , often refused to sign , in order to prevent 1145 the testimony upon which the verdict , and the justice of the case might depend . Within a period of three or four years , there were more cases where certificates had been withheld than where they were granted.—In the year 1805 , there were . 940 commissions taken out , and of these 489 were uncertificated.—In 1806 , there were 1084 commissions taken out , and of these 601 were uncertificated.—In the last twenty years , there were 16,202 commissions taken out , and of these 6,597 remained without certificate . The evil had been found to be of such magnitude , that a temporary relief had sometimes been given . In 1772 , and afterwards in 1778 , bills were passed to compel creditors to give certificates , unless they could shew that there was something fraudulent in the conduct of the bankrupts ; but this relief was confined to cases that had occurred previous to these periods . This plan of temporary relief , however , was certainly not one that ought to be resorted to , if it was possible to discover a remedy of another description.—If the thing was unjust at all , it was always unjust , and therefore the remedy ought not to be temporary , but permanent . In Ireland these temporary measures had been adopted more frequently than in this country . Bills of this kind were passed in 1786 , in 1797 , and then in 1799 , being an interval of only two years . A bill was next passed in 1800 , being only an interval of one year ; so that , in Ireland , had it not been for the Union , the plan was in a fair way of becoming the subject of an annual law . But , since the Union , no such temporary act had been passed , and the distress that must have been produced by this suspension of a remedy , the nature of which proved the necessity of some remedy , might be easily imagined . The remedy he would suggest was not to take the power out of the hands of the creditors ; but that , if the certificate was withheld for two years , the bankrupt might petition the Chancellor to allow the certificate , while the creditors might shew cause why the certificate should not be granted . The Chancellor would decide upon the merits and allow the certificate , provided there appeared no good reason to the contrary.—The only objection to this remedy , as far as he could judge , was the additional ex-pence which it would occasion in these proceedings ; and in order to obviate this , he would propose that the additional process should be exempt from taxes . Of all taxes , those which were imposed on law 1146 proceedings were the worst , with the exception of lotteries . Such taxes were perhaps popular , however , and therefore they had been but little considered . But , a very little consideration would shew how excessively hard it was to subject to heavy taxation , without distinction of fortune , those who only incurred these taxes in the struggle to do themselves justice . It was his intention to make this part of the bill not only prospective but retrospective.— It might be asked , however , why when a law