must believe three things : first , that this officer did not understand conversation or communication to mean any thing more than personal , and that neither had any reference to epistolary correspondence ; and 2ndly , that he considered the raising of a new regiment as of so little consequence , that after the lapse of five years it was impossible for him to recollect such a trivial point . Good God ! sir , is it probable , nay possible , that such a person , a general officer too , could obtain belief , when stating at this bar , that the object of raising a regiment , for which he had offered 1,000/. , could , after a period of five , or any number of years , escape his recollection ? The idea is quite preposterous.—But the third circumstance to which I allude , seems still more difficult to believe ; namely , that this officer , when stating in his answers at the bar , that he knew not of any application being made to Mrs. C. upon military subjects , of her obtaining any military promotions , or applying to the D. of Y. for any person ; he ( Clavering ) did not conceive himself , or his concern in any such transactions , to be at all included . In a case of this nature I am willing to make every allowance for misconception or inaccuracy , that can be reasonably required ; but , if there be any gentleman who will lay his hand to his heart , and say that he can believe these with regard to gen. Clavering , I shall only say , that I can not expect that such gentleman will vote for my motion.—Having gone through the several 1153 points of the case , the hon . and learned member expressed his sense of the painful task he had to perform upon this occasion , to which , however , he was urged by too powerful an impression of public duty , to shrink from it under any consideration of personal feeling . There were many aggravating circumstances connected with this case , which rendered it impossible for the house to overlook it . If a man of high rank , of honourable connection , and honourable profession , with every motive to impress a just sense of honour , would not tell the whole truth , from whom was the whole truth to be expected ? The dignity of the house , its character , and its interest , appeared to him to be implicated in the fate of this question . For if an example was not made upon such an instance of gross prevarication ; if a witness could save himself from the consequences of his shuffling , by such frivolous pretences as the house had heard from gen. Clavering , its inquisitorial powers must become nugatory , for how could it be expected that a witness would be very solicitous about telling truth at that time , when not bound by the obligations of an oath , and released from the dread of punishment for prevarication ? —The hon . and learned member concluded with moving , That the Minutes of the Evidence given by brigadier-general Clavering on the 10th and 20th of Feb. last , and his Letters which were read on the 15th of Feb. last , before the Committee of the whole house , who were appointed to investigate the Conduct of h. r. h. the Duke of York , might be read ; which being read accordingly , the hon . and learned gent . moved a Resolution , That general Clavering in his said Evidence had been guilty of prevarication . did not profess to justify those parts of gen. Clavering 's testimony to which the hon . mover alluded , but there were some statements and observations of his , independently of the evidence , which he was enabled to correct . He could assure the hon . gent. , that so far from being an obtrusive volunteer witness , it was not at all