, could be done till the Supreme Government was constituted at Aranjusz , in September . But had not the noble lord the means of ascertaining what they might require by a previous communication with those , who , it was well known , would form part of that government ? Might he not form some idea of what the wants of the Spaniards would be , and make his preparations accordingly ? But the noble lord plainly said , that sir David Baird 's troops were not ready till the end of September.—What a confession was this from the noble lord , who talked so muck of vigour and promptitude , and of transports upon transports ! But , he certainly did confess , that the troops were not ready to sail till the close of September , and , if this should appear to be the case , on inquiry , then the noble lord was culpable . Two years had not elapsed since a draft had been made from the militia of nearly 40,000 men , with a view to any contingency or emergency of this sort ; but the noble lord said , that nothing could be done till October . On that point , he differed very much in opinion from the noble lord , as he might have known before 1087 what might be wanted to enable him to be in a state of forward preparation . Then the noble lord shifted the plan of the campaign from himself and his colleagues , upon the Junta of Spain , and general Moore , abroad ; and upon the marquis Romana , and somebody else , not mentioned , at home . Nothing , he allowed , was more wise than to afford the Spaniards such a shelter to fall back upon in case of defeat , as that which would be furnished by the British army . But how had the noble lord set about this ? General Baird was at Corunna , general Moore at Salamanca , and general Hope at Aranjuez , and the troops of all these generals thus formed a central army , which had to occupy the space of 300 miles ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Now , though he confessed his ignorance of military affairs , in the exercise of mere common sense , he could not but think all this very extraordinary.—But supposing this mode of proceeding to be good , the question was whether , from the delays that had taken place , it was not madness to persevere in it ? It was said , that it was in consequence of instructions from Morla , that the plan had been adopted , and that the army occupied these points . Morla was then War Secretary , and judging from what had since been learned respecting that person , it was likely that such had been the case . The consequence , however , of this arrangement had been , that no part of the British army arrived on the edge of the scene of action , until the 2d of December . On the 13th of October , after the arrival of gen. Baird at Corunna , an application was made by the Junta of Gallicia to the Supreme Junta , in consequence of the necessity of which general Baird was obliged to remain on board his ship till the 20th , when an order arrived to suffer his men to land by divisions of 2,000 at a time . And the landing was not completed till the 6th of November . When the army was landed , the general , as his right hon . friend had stated , wanted money , and was obliged to send somebody ( col. Gordon he believed ) to Lisbon , to procure a supply . He further believed that gen. Baird , when he got to Corunna , was without instructions as to his future proceedings . He got information , however , from sir John Moore , that he was to meet him . Now this might be wise in theory , but when