and in every equipment ? Beyond that period was there any room for complaint ? But other motives induced a conviction of the propriety of the Armistice . As to the appointment of sir Hew Dalrymple , he had already explained the motives upon which it took place . It might , indeed , be desirable that sir A. Wellesley should not have been stopped in his brilliant career ; but , it should be recollected , that it was the undoubted right of his majesty to select his commanders , and that he was known to exercise that right for the good of the military service . It was a right not to be interfered with . The almost contemporaneous arrival of sir H. Burrard and sir H. Dalrymple was also matter of blame in the eyes of the noble lord ; but was that not owing to the variation of the winds , and was this a thing which his noble friend could be expected to calculate ? Upon the whole he strongly and sincerely felt , that great objects were obtained by the 973 Convention , and that whatever it failed in , was neither imputable to the generals who commanded , nor to the government that had appointed them . The other topics touched upon , there would be future opportunities of canvassing . spoke against the Convention , and referring to the mode of appointing a commander for each of the expeditions to the North of Europe , before such expeditions sailed , expressed his regret that a similar mode had not been resorted to on the occasion which gave rise to this debate . defended the Convention . Indeed , after all the general officers had expressed their approbation of it , he could not see upon what ground he could disapprove of it . was aware that many general officers of great eminence had approved of this Convention . He was not of rank to be consulted upon it ; but if he had been so consulted , he had no hesitation in saying , that it should have met his decided negative . supported the motion for the previous question . ably replied to the several speakers on the other side . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , he observed , had pursued a course of reasoning , which notwithstanding the acquittal pronounced by the Court of Inquiry , had for its object to transfer from ministers to the general officers the whole of the blame attributed to the measure under discussion ; and this after all the general officers concerned had unanimously declared that the necessity which produced this disgraceful Convention arose out of the inadequate equipment of the expedition . The noble lord dwelt upon the statement of sir A. Wellesley , that he bad a political view in agreeing to the Convention , namely , that of dispatching a British army into Spain , in order to collect and rally the scattered forces of the Patriots , so that the gallant officer had a view quite different from that of ministers , one of those ministers , Mr. Canning , having very recently declared in that house , that it was determined on their part not to send a British army into Spain , until a Central Junta was established . Let the house and the country decide from this circumstance , what degree of concert and union there was between ministers and their generals . As to the grounds upon which the motion for the previous question was supported , they seemed to hit mind 974 to rest upon this proposition , that although his majesty and almost every public body had recorded an opinion upon the merits of the measure under consideration , that house should be restrained from declaring any opinion whatever respecting it , thus encouraging the dangerous doctrine , that the people should look any where rather than to that house for decision upon a great public event . then proceeded to read the various sums to be granted . Upon that for granting the sum of 25,000l . Irish currency for there pair