the wish of gen. Clavering to appear before the house . Indeed , that appearance resulted from the advice of others , and from the impression , produced upon this officer , that he would be called to the bar , as a material evidence concerning Mrs. Clarke , and the course he took , which he was led to think the more proper , of writing to the Attorney-General , was in consequence of the opinion of Mr. Lowten . 1154 The second appearance of gen. Clavering was also the effect of the counsels of those who thought themselves the best judges of his interest . It was represented by gentlemen who frequented the Clubs , & c. that his Evidence had been the subject of much reprehension , and therefore he was determined to come forward , and candidly confess any thing , although that confession might injure him . But he could assure the house , however extraordinary it might appear to the hon . mover , that gen , Clavering did really entertain the impression in his own mind , that the words conversation or communication did not refer to correspondence , and that none of the questions upon the first day of the examination , referred to himself or his transactions with Mrs. C. That impression , indeed , was so strongly fixed upon the general 's mind , that after he left the house on the first day , he met a noble relation of his , the duke of Argyle , to whom he expressed his surprise , that , after all the examination , not a cross-question had been put to him respecting himself or his own transactions , in fact , he was certain that general Clavering was not guilty of any intentional prevarication or concealment . He could not , indeed , bring himself to believe that the respectable father of a family , that an officer of his character , rank and connections , who had served his country with so much credit for 14 years , as could be testified by several officers of the highest eminence , if the house would allow them to appear at its bar ; that such a man would at once determine deliberately to sink from his proper station , by acting a dishonourable part before a committee of that house : so thinking of him , he was inclined , and hoped the house would be inclined also , to treat him with indulgence . Indeed , he was willing to throw himself upon the mercy of the house , assuring them that general Clavering was innocent of any intentional falsehood and contradiction . The hon . baronet requested that the house , before it came to any discussion upon this motion , would call the duke of Argyle to the bar , who could confirm the fact he had mentioned , and also that distinguished officer the earl of Moira , who was desirous of speaking to the professional character of gen. Clavering . He concluded with exhorting gentlemen to consider the peculiar situation in which this officer stood . Bred in a profession Which gave him no opportunity of acquiring any legal education , 1155 he appeared at the bar before the combined wisdom of the nation ; he submitted whether in the course of an examination of an hour and a half , such as he underwent , it was possible for him , or almost any man , however disposed to tell the truth , to escape some misconception or inaccuracy . Sure he was , that gen. Clavering 's lapses were not the effect of design , but rather attributable to want of adequate capacity , than to any deliberate intention to deceive . said , he had understood , and he believed it had been generally understood by the house , that the discussion upon the conduct of general Clavering , in giving his evidence , would be subsequent to the determination of the house on the Charges now pending before the house . He certainly had thought that the general opinion was , that