that no further proceedings are necessary ; but that opinion of the Court leaves it open to this house to consider what has been the origin of the transactions by which , in the eyes of the public , though whether in the eyes of his majesty 's Ministers I know not , the principal object of the expedition to Spain and Portugal has , notwithstanding the victory , valour , and success of British arms , been completely lost in disappointment and disgrace . I do sincerely hope that the duty we owe the dearest interests of our country , and our regard for our own immediate character , will not allow us to acquiesce in so discreditable a determination . It is necessary to call to the attention of the house , that in the month of May last an insurrection broke out at Madrid—that insurrection was followed by insurrections in the southern provinces , and those soon after by insurrections in the northern provinces of Spain . It is not my intention to discuss the extent of these insurrections , the information received , or degree of satisfaction that could have been obtained respecting them , by the government of this country , and which it might have been expedient for the government to act upon ; but this I must say , that if , from the circumstance of these insurrections breaking out , any room was afforded for great military exertions on the part of the government of this empire , it could not have been found more fortunately situated with regard to military means than it was . There was , at that time , a considerable military expedition prepared under the command of a gallant military officer . It was prepared for distant service ; but not only was this expedition so prepared , but government had other bodies of dispose- 900 able troops immediately applicable for service on any favourable emergency . There was a considerable military force in the Mediterranean , under the command of general Spencer , which had been originally sent , out from this country to take possession of Ceuta ; but when the expedition arrived for the completion of its object , the attack upon Ceuta was found impracticable . ( Hear , hear ! ) . A short time afterwards a new prospect of vigorous exertion opened upon the view of the noble lord opposite ( Custlereagh ) ; and a third army was sent upon a voyage of discovery and observation to look for an expedition in the Baltic . ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Thus , by the course of unexpected events , his majesty 's government , at the moment when called upon by circumstances for co-operation with Spain , had in actual readiness three distinct masses of disposable force . The noble lord ( Castlcreagh ) was actually-rich in his own failures ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Every expedition that he had dispatched had so failed , that every distinct portion of our military force was perfectly disposable , and , in the aggregate , constituted such a mass of force , that if any object required the aid of the whole of that force the whole was applicable to it . I must think that the force under sir Arthur Wellesley was that which , at the time , was most disposable , because it was an expedition then nearly prepared , and ready for foreign service . Upon the information that was received by government , of the occurrences in Spain , an intention was conceived of affording the aid of a large force to that country ; and to command the expedition that gallant officer sir A. Wellesley was appointed ; and I will say that it makes no part of the complaint which I shall urge tonight , nor do I believe that it ever will be a part of the complaint urged by any man , that the appointment of that gallant officer was not perfectly satisfactory to the public at large , or that it was not an appointment which was calculated