: interfered , and submitted , that in his judgment this question was quite irregular . If the object before the committee was that of going to constitute some legislative regulations in the army , such an interrogatory would be right enough ; but when gentlemen would advert to the nature of the case before them he thought they never could entertain such a question . The point of the charge against the Commander-in-Chief was , that in this transaction there was corruption : without anticipating how they would decide , he might fairly assume that no such thing was made out ; arid as on all hands it would be granted that the Commander-in-Chief had a discretionary power in such cases , which this question went to controul , he thought it ought not to be put . was of opinion that the question might be modified or withdrawn altogether , and this last he understood the hon . colonel had no objection to . A conversation then ensued between . Mr. Croker , lord Folkestone , Mr. Whitbread , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Tierney , sir Arthur Wellesley , the Secretary at War , Mr. Canning , and col. Barry , as to modifying or withdrawing it , when , on the suggestion of Mr. Canning , the words `` strong claims to promotions , '' were omitted ; and after some further observations from Mr. Barham , Mr. D. Brown , Mr. Lyttleton , and Mr. Adam , said he was ready to withdraw the question , or to put it in any shape which the committee would suggest . It was his intention to move for a list of all officers , who , from the year 1805 to 1808 , had made applications of a like nature 349 together with a list of the respective certificates of each as to their merits and their services.—The question was then put in its modified shape , wished to know when the hon . gent , would be prepared to bring forward the next Charge , and which he would commence with . thought that as the committee hail that night heard one of the Charges , and had completely made up their minds upon it , they should come to a decision upon that Charge . observed , that it was not within the province of the committee to decide upon the Charges . It was their duty to report the evidence to the house , under whose correction they acted . informed the hon . gent , opposite , that he had enquired whether capt . Huxley Sandon had arrived at Portsmouth , that he found he had , and that orders had been sent to him to come up to town . observed , that if that officer should not arrive in time for the next examination , the hon . member 360 might proceed with some Charge in which his testimony was not necessary . It would be desirable to proceed with the business on Monday , and he begged to know what Charge the hon . gent , meant to bring forward on that day ? seemed to think Monday too early a day , and said that it was impossible for him to state what particular Charge he should bring forward . ( Murmurs . ) expressed his surprise , that his hon . friend was not disposed to proceed with this business on Monday , and also to declare the particular Charge which he meant first to adduce . It was impossible but that he himself should be ready , and if the witnesses should not be here at the time , it would be competent to him then to defer the proceeding . observed that capt . Huxley Sandon was a material witness in every Charge , and that the probability of his being able to attend on Monday , did not seem to be very great . asked which Charge the hon . gent , meant to bring forward first ? He was not precluded from fixing on which he pleased ; but the committee had