not conceived that it would be material to have the Report sooner on the table . The Fourth Report had been acted on for some time , had been printed by the navy board , and was pretty generally circulated . He confessed he had waited till all the Reports were copied , instead of laying them on the table one by one . said that of the 1,500,000l . which the Estimates of the present year exceeded that of last year , 1,275,000l . was for transports . thought the hon . gent . ought to have presented the Reports of the naval commissioners one by one as they came out , and not have waited till they were collected in large folio volumes , 1125 which the house had not time to take into consideration . thought , that the Reports ought to have been laid on the table the first day of the session , but he did not think there should be any longer delay in bringing forward the Navy Estimates than till next Friday . said , that he certainly did not disapprove of that part of the increase of the expenditure , which proceeded from giving an augmentation to the salaries of the Clerks in the Admiralty . He thought , however , that the board of admiralty had been guilty of great extravagance , and that there must be considerable irregularities in paving the different ships . The crew of the Saturn , a 64 , had been seen parading about the streets of the metropolis , and had gone down in a body to the admiralty to demand their pay . He disapproved of the appointment of the additional Commissioners of the Navy , and feared that those appointments were obtained through private influence , and that it was not for the good of the service . said , that as to the appointments of the persons who were to be the naval commissioners , lord Mulgrave had made it from a list which had been returned , to him by the naval lords , of those captains that were most fit to be commissioners in the navy , and that from that list the appointment was offered to each according to his seniority . As to the crew of the Saturn , the real story was this : That ship had been a long time in India , and on her return to this country , the men got leave of absence from their captain . It was a regulation introduced by the present admiralty , that when a ship returned from having been long abroad on a foreign station , the men were to receive immediately a certain proportion of their pay , and to have leave ( if their captain permitted them ) to go and see their friends . Now , the Saturn happened not to fall directly within the order , for receiving a certain proportion of pay . The men , however , got leave of absence , and finding themselves in London without Money , they waited at the admiralty , and respectfully asked for a part of their pay . They were ordered to return , and report themselves to their captain , which they immediately did , and by the orders of the admiralty , they received that proportion of their pay , and got farther leave of absence to see their friends . As to the Victualling hoard , the abuses in that department had 1126 been so gross , that it was absolutely necessary to make some changes . He would instance one case , where a man charged 4,000 ton of casks more than existed , and yet his accounts were passed as perfectly regular . The duties of the victualling board had been increased twelvefold since 1798 . He meant nothing disrespectful of those dismissed ; they had long been in the service , and were very respectable men ; but both Mr. Marsh and Mr. Budge were very infirm , and desirous of retiring . Lord Mulgrave called on the members of the board for their opinion ,