instructions which had been given to col. Hamilton . It would also strike the Committee , that his communication ought to have been made to h. r. h. the Commander in Chief . But whatever might be the result of the investigation then pending , neither he , nor his learned friend , as members of parliament , could , consistently with a sense of duty , make themselves the depositaries of this secret . As it had been communicated to them , they felt they were bound to make it public . The communication of the circumstance had been made to the Commander in Chief late on Saturday . His r. h. utterly denied all knowledge of the matter , and declared the Note to be a forgery . The Commander in Chief came shortly after to his house with his learned friend , and restated with the strongest conviction , upon the best efforts of his memory , that he had no knowledge of the matter , and that he wished it to be sifted to the bottom . As to the fact of the Note relating to the appearance of major Tonyn'sname in the Gazette , h. r. h. could not be so positive . He could not state that he might not have written such a Note , in answer to a Note which might have been addressed to him ; he could not call the circumstance to mind . The other Note , however , h. r. h. most positively denied having written . His learned friend had stated what passed between col. Hamilton and capt . sandon , who acted as it was wished he should . He told col. Ha- 732 milton that he would come here , and , as he did , tell the truth , but that he had destroyed the Note . When they found that the Note had been destroyed , they ceased to have any communication with capt . Sandon , and hit him to come to the bar , and state what case he should think proper . He had come to the bar , but had suppressed this important feature in his evidence , which , whether the Note were a forgery or not , ought to be communicated to the Committee , in order that , if a forgery , the authors might be detected and punished , and , if not , that it might have its due weight in the pending investigation . He had thought it his duty to make this communication to the Committee ; and , if there was any impropriety in having delayed it till this period , the fault was his , though he had reason to suppose it ought to have been brought out in the examination of evidence at an earlier period of the inquiry . observed , that his right hon . friend , who just sat down , had stated this most important circumstance with so much correctness , clearness , and accuracy , that little more remained for him than to corroborate his statement . The learned member then briefly recapitulated the several facts mentioned by the former speaker , and stated , that in his interview with the Commander in Chief , h. r. h. distinctly and clearly disavowed ever having written such a Note . On the day subsequent to the interview , col. Hamilton mentioned to him the destruction of the Note . It was then agreed between him and the right hon . gent. , that they should both make communication of the circumstances to certain gentlemen on each side of the house . The right hon . gent , had done so to his side , and he to a noble lord ( H. Petty ) , an hon . member near him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , and another . Mr. Wharton , upon the present occasion , I conceive the first proceeding is to move that captain Huxley Sandon has been guilty of gross prevarication in the testimony he has given this night at the bar . ( Cries of move , move . )