Convention of Cintra , and that on the 25th of the same month the Instructions were sent out for the army in Portugal to march . He could not see where ministers had been guilty of unnecessary delay.—As to that of the troops not being immediately permitted to land , he could only say , that from a prior and distant application made to his majesty 's government for British troops on the part of the Juntas of Gallicia and Oviedo , ministers had a right to expect that no obstacle would have been thrown in the way of any troops they might have afterwards sent . Our troops under general Baird having sailed on the 9th of Oct. he ( lord C. ) had previously wrote a letter to general Broderick in Gallicia , acquainting him with the expeditions then going out , and requiring him to try every means to secure them accommodations on their landing , and provide for their continuing their march . This letter , though addressed to general Broderick , was , in case of his absence , to be opened by captain Kennedy . General Broderick was then in Gallicia with gen. Blake . Capt . Kennedy accordingly opened the letter , acted upon it , and acknowledged the receipt of it on the 1st of Oct He ( lord C. ) wrote also to general Leith on the 30th of Oct. and to lord Wm . Bentinck , then on the frontiers of Leon . In consequence of these letters the necessary communications had been made to the respective Juntas , but he was sorry to say , that the Juntas had , in fact , neglected to act according to them . He did not wish to censure or complain of their conduct , but such was the fact . After the landing it was proposed to the marquis Romana to change the destination of his corps from Corunna , with which he complied , and there was then an army , including the Asturias and Blake ' s , and Romana 's , of from 50 to 60,000 1083 men.—The right hon . gent . had given way to an expression of surprize , that the movements of the British army should have been so slow , and those of the French comparatively so rapid : but the surprize of that right hon . gent . would probably cease when he recollected the difference between an army fully equipped and one not equipped ; —betweenanarmythatcan seize upon every thing on its way that can facilitate its march , whether provisions or carriages ; —and an army that can not have any such resource ; and another consideration , too , not to be forgotten , was , that the roads in France , where the greater part of this expedition was manifested , were of a very superior quality to those of Portugal , through which our armies had to march . On the 14th of Nov. sir John Moore arrived at Salamanca , and never was an army , considering all the fatigues it had undergone , all the hardships sustained , all the difficulties surmounted , to be found in a more perfect slate of discipline , or in better condition . He was joined by sir D. Baird on the Douro , and though the Spanish armies under Romana and that of Estramadura , had , prior to the arrival of sir John Moore , suffered severe reverses , still it was an unfair test of the general spirit of the people . They had at that period the most difficult task imposed upon them , that could devolve to a nation in such circumstances ; it was at the same time to make head against a powerful enemy , and to make a government.—There was certainly one circumstance much to be regretted—that they did not put one person at the head of their army , so as to make it one great machine in the hands of some one powerful leader , and not have its force divided and broken down into small and insulated bodies