matter for rejoicing— it was in that view it , an event which filled every heart 64 with joy ; but when the terms and conditions of that Convention were considered , it presented another side of the picture , in which there was nothing to be seen but humiliation and disgrace . The noble lord had asked , what , shall we not rejoice at the event of the battle of Vimiera , which caused the evacuation of Portugal by the French ? Yes , he was as ready as the noble lord was to rejoice at that event , and to agree to an Address expressive of that feeling ; but he could not agree to that in an unqualified sense , nor indeed did that seem to be expected from the throne , from the manner in which the Speech of his majesty , delivered by the commissioners this day , by the royal command , was worded : for by that speech his majesty himself regrets the termination of the campaign in Portugal , and states that some of the articles are of a nature , of which his majesty has expressed his formal disapprobation . Then , he wished the house to consider the state in which it stood at the present moment . It was called upon to rejoice at the termination of a campaign which had been preceded by a Convention , some of the articles of which had met his majesty 's disapprobation ; and this was the more perplexing , since these articles which had thus , and no doubt justly , met the royal disapprobation , were not laid before the house.— The noble lord had said , that the city of London had been mildly and moderately reproved for condemning , without information , the terms of the Convention . Not to speak of the mildness or moderation of the reproof , he must say , that it was extraordinary , that precisely the thing for which the city of London was reproved , parliament was now called upon to do . [ Cries of hear ! hear ! ] They were then called upon to concur in that part of his majesty 's speech , which expressed disapprobation of some of the articles of the Armistice and the Convention , without any information at all upon the subject being before the house . It appeared to him , that no inconsistency could be greater than that . He should not go into a discussion of the details of the equipment of the expedition ; but common rumour reported that there was a difference of opinion between the government and the commander in chief upon that subject , and that the latter asked in vain for cavalry horses and horses to draw his artillery , and was finally obliged to buy many of them at his own expence . He could ' not help noticing and 65 condemning the light and fanciful manner in which the noble lord spoke of our campaign in Spain . When it was considered that one of the greatest armies which this country had ever sent into the field was now in Spain ; that it was under an officer of the first merit in his profession , possessing the confidence of the government and the country , and that , nevertheless , it was under the necessity of retreating ; when it was considered , that news had arrived this very day of Buonaparté , with an army three times superior , hovering near it and threatening its right wing ; and when it was also considered , that perhaps before the house should break up that night it was not improbable , that intelligence might arrive of still greater calamities , he did not conceive the noble lord was justified in talking so lightly of our operations in Spain.— He must declare , that the country was now coming to that state , whether by the mismanagement of ministers , or by the force of events , that party-considerations must cease [ cries of hear ! hear ! ] The hour would