repeal of the Embargo from these commotions , nothing is gained unless the Americans can force Napoleon to rescind his Decrees—unless they could perform an impossibility—unless they could heap mountain on mountain—place Pelion on Ossa—scale the heavens , and thus accomplish an enterprize which transcended the power of the giants . But then we shall be told of what has been done by the Embargo-breakers . What have they brought to this country ? Some cotton wool . But have they brought flax seed ? Have they brought turpentine , and many other articles of essential importance to the trade and manufactures of Great Britain ? I can see little ground of consolation in this system of Embargo-breaking.—But if the Embargo were raised ; if Mr. Jefferson 's authority should be overturned ; would the Americans ever bring their goods here to be taxed ? This odious tax has been paid only in one instance , and the ship has been burnt by the hands of the populace . A report was brought to this country that the Federal party was likely to prevail . The very reverse of this turned out to be the fact : Mr. Maddison was elected President , and 1178 there exists no hope that the government of America will relax in its measures—If the Americans raise the embargo , they can not come here to be taxed , and if this country shall enforce the tax , the consequence must be war . But if a war breaks out , what becomes of the scheme of the gentlemen opposite , to make the enemy contribute to our resources for carrying on the war ? And I certainly entertain the most serious apprehensions that a war between this country and America will be the result . I am aware that there may be some who wish for such a war . The Americans are not popular in this country ; and the American character is not regarded with favour or respect . Of this I can state a remarkable instance . The health of Mr. Jefferson was proposed at a meeting last summer , and was received with great disapprobation , although at that moment America was not a hostile nation ; and though we professed to be anxious for more intimate relations with that country . That there are some interests which must flourish by a war with America I allow . That our own possessions in America may derive some temporary advantage from it is very probable . But what will be the state of the West Indies in the event of a war ; what the state of many other valuable interests ; and how are you sure that you could retain your American possessions ? The probability is , that we could not retain them ; and for this reason , that the whole world would then be united against us . And yet under such circumstances we are endeavouring to extend our possessions . A force has been brought together to reconnoitre Martinique ; and whatever opinion may be entertained of the propriety of prosecuting the object , this system of reconnoitering must be very creditable . I recollect another instance of this reconnoitering , under the hon . general opposite ( sir J. Pulteney ) at Ferrol . The hon . general landed ; he astonished the governor and the townsmen , who wondered what he had come for ; but finding that the place was fortified , he embarked again . The mention of Ferrol brings to my recollection another most important feature of this case . The enemy are now in possession of Ferrol , where they have found several ships of war , and you have been refused admission into Cadiz ; have you not ? The navy of Spain may be brought against you ; all the arsenals of the Continent are in the hands of the enemy , and 1179 the thousand arms of your navy may soon have work enough . Yet under these circumstances you are to go to war with America upon a point of honour ; and that too not