to the last Note of the French Emperor , it was certainly unjustifiable ; but however unjustifiable it was , it could not , he was sorry to say , be said to be unprovoked ; language , arrogant and unconciliating , had brought down an answer in a correspondent tone . In alluding to this answer the right hon . gent , did not impute rebellion to the Catholics of Ireland . He was glad to hear him do that injured body justice . Let however that right hon . gent , and his colleagues learn , if they are yet to learn it , that Buonapartéknows where lies the weakness of the empire . The speeches of that right hon . gent , in that house would argue , that he was well inclined , if he could persuade his colleagues to go along with him , in giving security to the empire , by giving relief to the Catholics of Ireland . But it was a bad encouragement to that body to hear of the promotion to the Privy Council , of a man who had said that a Catholic and a Rebel were synonimous terms . Were these gentlemen to say to Ireland , Go , fight the cause of Spain and of Europe ; and after advancing the glory of their country , by their gallantry and conduct— after having thanked them for their intrepidity and valour , displayed at Vimiera and at Corunna , were we to tell them that they deserved every thing at our hands , and that we would give them every thing—but toleration ? He besought the house that they would think it worth while to pay more consideration to this most serious subject ; and he earnestly hoped that no time would be lost in giving that numerous and deserving body that relief they were entitled to , upon every ground of justice and desert . He hoped that before the present session terminated , one vote of 230 that house would at length do Ireland justice , and deprive the common enemy for ever of every pretence for misrepresentation , with which her privations might have furnished him.—The Address of the right hon . gent , went to applaud ministers for their mode of bringing the late Overtures to a conclusion , He could not approve of that conduct . He thought it reprehensible . He knew he was in a small minority , both in that house and the country : it was for that reason , more especially , his duty to state the grounds upon which he felt himself justified in differing from so many . He , therefore , again lamented that the offer for negotiation was so abruptly put an end to . For what could be the use of commencing a negociation in terms of sarcastic recrimination , unless it was with a view to put a stop to it as soon as possible ; and even in breaking with France , it was better to break with her in a spirit of as little acrimony as possible ; for , let gentlemen say What they would , we must ultimately treat with France— '' To this complexion we must come at last '' . He repeated it , we must finally treat with France . The conduct of this country in rejecting so often , on good terms , what it must finally take on inferior terms , brought to his mind the memorable incident recorded in antient history , when , in the earliest age of Rome , the Sybil came with her nine books , and proffered them for a price which was refused . She afterwards tendered six of the nine for the same price , which , being refused also , it was at last thought advisable to purchase the three remaining volumes at the price for which the first nine had been originally tendered . He hoped this story would be no illustration of our future destinies . France had accused us of selfishness : he feared with too much justice . We had entered into