been any room to apprehend , that that corps could be brought to act against Spain . But , it was well known , that Junot at that time , hemmed in on all sides by the tumultuous but determined levies of an enraged nation , was not in a state to co-operate with Dupont . At all events the defeat of Dupont afterwards settled that point , and left us at liberty , and in very good time , to alter the whole plan of our operations . Junot and his corps could not be better placed any where than as they were , cut off from all communication with their countrymen , pressed upon all sides by the accumulating force of the Portuguese nation , and condemned either to shut themselves up in the fortresses of that country , or by taking the field to expose themselves to the destruction which the vengeance of an irritated and insulted people was prepared to inflict . In this state of things , the question was , Whether it was good policy to make any attack upon Junot with a view to destroy his force ? but if that were not good policy , it was still less so , to attack him with a view to grant him such terms as would send him into Spain , from which , whilst in Portugal , he was effectually cut off . Unless ministers were prepared to say that they had been successful before their lime , they had no way of accounting for the interval that elapsed before the army proceeded to Spain ; and , if they rested their Defence upon that ground they must stand selfconvicted of a criminal want of foresight , and were deeply responsible for all the losses which resulted from that unfortunate 948 expedition to Spain having been undertaken too late . But how would the case have stood if Junot 's force had been destroyed or made prisoners of war ? What would have been the inevitable consequences of such a result , in the impression it would have made upon our allies , upon our enemies , upon ourselves , and upon all Europe , as to the comparative character of British and French troops ? This impression alone was equivalent to most of the objectsth at campaigns the most successful are able in general to give . Those who think otherwise , must know but little of the state of the world , particularly at the moment in which we live , or of the feelings and judgments of mankind on other occasions . What had we gained at Maida ? In point of territory , nothing . In point of acquisition of any pecuniary value , nothing : but we had gained glory , military glory , and this single circumstance was sufficient to render the battle of Maida one of the most useful , as well as most honourable , of any that had ever been fought for the country . By the reduction of Junot 's force we should have incalculably enhanced this invaluable national object ; that base and unworthy feeling , of which he had before spoken , would have been destroyed ; and above all , the French armies and nation would , however reluctantly , have been constrained to admit the decided superiority of British troops . Our army had fought as well at Vimiera as at Maida , but unfortunately the same credit will not be given for its conduct . The troops with whom our force had come to blows would remember their superiority , but the people of France would not be inclined to admit it upon our statement . Whenever we should claim this superiority , they would quote the Convention against us . They would ask , `` What have you gained ? What have you to show for your victory ? Have you brought home the game ? What have you bagged ? Have you taken gen. Junot ? On the contrary , is he not now at the head of his division in Spain ? Have you made