of which was founded on the feelings of human nature . He was ready to admit , that for the first four or five months it was in operation , the preference for unlimited service preponderated , But in the remaining seventeen , out of the 19.072 raised . 14.301 enlisted for limited service , In the last , the number of men transferred from the militia to the line in England was 19,152 , and of these between 16 and 17.000 were for limited service . In Ireland he would allow the effects were different , and the proportion for both was about half and half , Whether this was attributable to a more valorous spirit , or a less calculating mind , he could not determine ; but it was a fact , that out of 27.000 men , raised in 1807 for general service , about 19 000 were for limited service ; a clear proof that had that principle been adhered to , and not abandoned for the purpose of introducing that now proposed , the country would not only have avoided all the evils experienced both by the country and the army under the balloting system ; but that the force of the line would have been increased to any extent necessary , with a saving of nearly one half of the expence . contended , that the recruiting of the regiments of the line from the militia ranks , was the most prompt and efficacious mode of rendering the former what they ought to be , and of rendering the physical strength of the country formidable to the enemy . The recent victories in Portugal and at Corunna were achieved by the men recruited from the militia ranks , and it was by transferring 316 those men to the line , that they could acquire that military perfection which was not attainable in the home service . The hon . member had spoken of the communication , heretofore deemed necessary , with the colonels of militia regiments , before a measure of this kind was adopted . But he could assure him that , whether the colonels of militia , who then objected to this principle , had from experience surmounted their prejudices , or become better soldiers , they had not now the same objections ; for they saw that the men trained by their exertions were more serviceable to their country in the line than they could be in the militia , and therefore they thought nothing of the trouble imposed on them by this arrangement , and had long abandoned those local prejudices for retaining their men , which heretofore prevailed . The hon . member had said that by this practice that class and description of officers which should characterise the militia service , would be disgusted from entering it ; but he would say it was impossible to obtain this desirable class of officers for the militia , unless an encouragement was held out to subalterns in the service , by offering them commissions for volunteering into the line . Under the present system they were debarred of those hopes of promotion , which was the best incentive to good conduct , military ardour , and the acquirement of military skill , But if they felt the advantage of being transferred , with their rank and their men , to that branch of the service where they might look forward to the chance of being one day generals , the advantages to the army would be incalculable ; for many young men , the sons of clergymen , and other gentlemen of moderate fortunes , obtained commissions in the militia , but were unable to purchase into the line , and never could rise beyond a subaltern rank , But if such an encouragement were held out , and a preference given to militia subalterns , on recommendation to commissions in the line , the militia service would never want officers , With respect to the rates of bounty , he denied that they were now so high as the hon . gent , had represented , whatever they