would answer no beneficial purpose . If the house should agree with him that the first proposition was unnecessary , he hoped that they would also concur with him that the second was unjust . His lordship concluded with moving the Previous Question upon the first Resolution , declaring that he would take the sense of the house upon the second . in so low a tone , as to be scarcely audible , stated his reasons for having approved of the Armistice and Convention ; and , as they were founded upon the insufficient equipments of the army , gave his support to the original motion . observed , that the noble lord below him ( lord H. Petty ) had delivered one of the clearest , most com- 926 prehensive , and most convincing speeches that had ever been pronounced within the walls of that house . While the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh , ) instead of confining himself to the subject before the house , which related to Portugal alone , had wandered over the Pyrenees—given a lecture on the qualities of Irish horses— mounted his Rosinante and then dismounted—and yet after all , the house he believed would agree with him , that he had not rode post . The noble lord asked , whether it was possible for an army to move immediately on its landing ? He answered , yes , and he would give an instance where this was done . When sir Win . Howe was sent to New York , he landed with his cavalry and artillery , after having been a long time at sea , and moved forward the same day , and shortly afterwards came into action . To follow the noble lord through the whole of his course , would ill become him at that hour of the night , and therefore he would at once come to the subject . What was the situation of the armies previous to the Convention ? The French must have been dispirited , and the situation in which they were placed was extremely critical and hazardous . The situation was well known to have been a very miserable one . He had to cover an extent of ground of fourteen miles , which was the distance between Lisbon and fort St. Julien . If they meant to defend fort St. Julien , they could not occupy so much ground with advantage ; and their situation at Lisbon must have been a bad one.— He agreed in the opinion , that it would have been useless to have encumbered the army with heavy artillery . This could be landed from the fleet , and with such an army and such advantages as we had , there could have been no great difficulty in landing 14 or 15 pieces of cannon , which would soon have reduced fort St. Julien . Lisbon and the country were friendly to us and hostile to the enemy . But then it was said that the Russians might act against us . But the British fleet might act also . He professed himself as entertaining sentiments of respect , individually , for the several officers composing the Board of Inquiry , and he was sorry to be obliged to express an opinion hostile to that which they had delivered as their conclusion upon that Inquiry . That the parties accused should be allowed to justify their conduct by any means in their power was most natural , but that seven 927 officers of such known experience and talent should agree in the decision they came to , appeared to him most extraordinary . He totally disagreed with the Court of Inquiry as to the opinion that the French could pass the Tagus and occupy Elvas ; and was astonished that the Board could have admitted such a plea . The Tagus was one of the most rapid rivers in the world , and four miles broad at Lisbon . Now , though he would not follow the noble lord over Spain for the sake of spending time or for amusement , he must cite a