whose talents the country reposed the greatest confidence ; a great naval commander who had carried the navy to a pre-eminence which it never before enjoyed ; and now a great military chieftain , whose talents were of the first order , and than whom no one possessed in a greater degree the skill and science of an able commander . He trusted that every tribute of gratitude would be paid to sir John Moore . The last expression of that excellent officer was a wish that justice might be done to his memory , and he trusted that that wish would be complied with and carried into effect , and that his last dispatches would be published in order to do justice to his conduct . recalled to the recollection of noble lords opposite , the expeditions to Alexandria , to Constantinople , and South America , and expressed his surprize that they did not at those periods state that all the blame of unfavourable military events was to be attributed to ministers . 138 The motion was agreed to nem . diss . as were also a motion approving of and acknowledging the services of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers , a motion of Thanks to rear-admirals De Courcy and sir Samuel Hood , k. b. for their assistance , and another approving of and acknowledging the services of the seamen and marines upon that occasion . rose and said , he held in his hand a Petition from persons confined for debt in the King's-Bench prison , to the number of 367 , many of whom had families . He had intended to submit some observations to the house on the unprecedented number of persons at present confined for debt in the different gaols of the kingdom , and the hardships which were produced by the present system of confinement for debt ; but as the subject had been taken up by a noble lord in another house , he should at present content himself with moving for leave to present this Petition.—Mr . Whit-bread , seeing a right hon . gent . in his place , wished to ask , what was the nature of the Overture which it was said sir James Saumarez had made , on the part of his majesty , to the emperor of Russia ? Mr. Sec . Canning replied , that the Paper alluded to was nothing more than a letter written by that gallant officer to the Emperor , filled with merely general assurances of the pacific inclinations of his majesty ; but containing no direct proposal from his majesty 's government , nor written under any authority whatever from that government.—Mr . Sec . Canning said , that in consequence of the question put by a noble lord yesterday , relative to the appointment of an hon . member of that house to the Consul-Generalship of Portugal , he had endeavoured to make himself more competent to satisfy the noble lord , than either he or his right hon . friend was yesterday . The appointment had taken place , and he imagined that the gentleman in question had , by that time , arrived at his destination . Lord Folkestone then gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for a new Writ for Poole . began by observing , that before he would call the attention of the house to the detail of the splendid services , which they were that 139 night to be called upon to recognise , he could not help remarking , that there seldom occurred an occasion when parliament was so called upon , in which the joy so natural on the event of a glorious victory , was mingled with sensations of deeper and more profound concern than that , which , in bringing to their attention a topic of great national triumph , brought along with it the remembrance of a national loss in the death of a great and invaluable officer , While the country had to deplore so serious a disaster , in being so soon deprived of one of her ablest generals—possessing in an eminent degree