questions were pointedly answered ; the truth could never be found out , and the obloquy under-which the Duke of York had 480 fallen , by a combination of some of the most abandoned characters , could not be so easily removed , if the witness was permitted to evade answering a question which in his judgment was fair and reasonable . did not see any reasonable objection to the answering of the question , and therefore trusted the Committee would not relax . observed , that it was impossible to conceive that any thing more important could come before the house than the present investigation . He was of opinion , therefore , that the Committee ought to sit . again that day . He hoped , therefore , that gentlemen who had given notices of motions would agree to postpone them . The Committee was accordingly ordered to be resumed this day . moved , that the Mr. Tahourdin , mentioned by the last witness , should be summoned to give evidence at the Bar . observed , that as the Sale of the Writership was not connected with the Charges against the D. of Y. , it would not be proper to call Mr. Tahourdin . It might perhaps be done on the ground of discrediting the evidence of the last witness ; but as the affair was totally distinct from the investigation at present before the house , the farther introduction of it might produce much inconvenience : he would recommend it to the hon . member rather to move for a Committee up stairs , for the purpose of investigating the appointment in question . also recommended the appointment of a Committee . observed , that the house must be convinced , from what had passed , of the necessity of some legislative proceeding , to prevent the scandalous practice carried on in the sale of Commissions , and Places under government . He had refrained from introducing any measure while the present investigation was in progress , but some step , it was evident , ought to be speedily taken to stop the evil . It was his opinion , that the advertising of such places ought to be made a crime ; that the money advanced , or agreed to be given , should be forfeited ; that heavy penalties should be imposed , and that all persons concerned in such traffic should be rendered guilty of a misdemeanor . in consequence of the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , withdrew his motion , and gave notice that he would , on the next meeting of the house , move the appointment of a Select Committee . was called to the Bar , to state what he knew of William Williams . He said that he had known him several years ago ; that he was sometimes very troublesome , and that he considered him not a fit person to be allowed to go at large , he was deranged in his intellects . It was then moved , `` That William Williams be discharged without paying his fees . `` —This motion occasioned a short conversation , Mr. W. Wynne and Mr. Dickenson thought that , as the prisoner had been taken into custody on a very serious charge , it would not become the dignity of the house to dismiss him without some further enquiry , though they had no doubt that the statement of Mr. Lowten would prove perfectly correct . Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Adam , and others , were of opinion that the prisoner ought not to be detained , and the question being put , it was carried in the affirmative . The prisoner was accordingly discharged . rose to move for a Select Committee , to inquire whether any and what Corrupt Practices had obtained in the Sale or Disposal of Cadetships , Writerships , or other Appointments , under the East India Company , or any negotiations respecting the same . He had the satisfaction to state to the house , that he brought forward this motion with the special approbation of the