gen. Spencer had been of considerable service ill marching from Seville to Ayamonte , and stopping a portion of Junot 's army that was coming to the relief of Dupont.— As to the attacks which had been made upon him for not having sent sufficient cavalry with the Expedition , he was ready to strengthen the right hon . gent . 's argument , and to admit , that it was only by accident that any cavalry at all had been attached to it . It was not supposed that cavalry was a proper description of force to send with those floating expeditions , which might be a long time at sea , before they found a favourable opportunity for landing . Some of the cavalry , however , which were in Portugal , had happened to come from the Mediterranean . He should always protest against the notion that we were never to engage an enemy , unless we were equal or superior to him in cavalry . He would ask the House , would they wish to blot out from the page of our history , those brilliant victories which we had gained when much inferior in cavalry ? At the glorious battle of Alexandria , sir Ralph Abercrombie had but 150 dragoons , and the French had 2,400 cavalry ; and at the battle of Maida , sir John Stuart had no cavalry at all . In the expedition to Portugal , the government had made sufficient provision even of cavalry . Our army would have been superior to the enemy in this respect , if the cavalry which was in Mondego Bay on the 20th ( the day before the battle ) had landed . The 18th dragoons were also very near . He would allow , however , that if sir Arthur Wellesley had had the cavalry on that day , upon which he routed the French , perhaps more completely than ever they had been routed on a former occasion , [ Cries of hear ! hear ! ] the result of that victory would have been still more glorious . Although he was free to confess this , yet he must entirely resist the idea of government having neglected its duty in any particular . He believed the House must now recollect what was the temper of the country at the time that there appeared a delay in the sailing of the expedition under sir A. Wellesley from Cork . Whatever was the enthusiasm which prevailed in the public mind , for the immediate co-operation with the Spaniards , ministers would have been much to blame if they had not acted upon the information which they received from sir C. Cotton of the state of Lisbon and the forts upon the 62 Tagus . He could assure the right hon . gent . that for his own part , after having been attacked for four or five months upon this subject , in a mode , that he certainly had not resorted to do defend himself , he should be extremely glad to have an opportunity of making that defence firs himself and his majesty 's government , and that the fair case should be laid before parliament . He could assure the right lion . gent . also , that although his sagacity might enable him to lay his fingers on some fault in the present government , yet he felt confident that his majesty 's ministers could prove to the satisfaction of the House and the country , that they had not been negligent in the great trust which had been reposed in them : and no greater personal favour could be conferred upon him than in giving him the opportunity of defending those measures for which he felt himself so highly responsible.—As to the inconsistency which was stated between the disapprobation of his majesty of some parts of the Armistice and Convention , and the joy which his ministers had manifested in the usual manner , on hearing the news of the evacuation of Portugal , he thought this was a charge which might be easily explained . He believed