evidence , for one member to make communications to another hi course of examination . declared , that what he communicated to the hon . member was perfectly innocent , and moreover that his hon . friend had finished his reply before he made the communication . contended , that it was neither indecorous nor inconsistent with parliamentary rules for members to make communication to such as were close to each other . believed it was the general feeling of the committee , that no individual was at liberty to suggest any answer whatsoever to any interrogatory that was put in the nature of evidence to another member . He conceived that no member in the committee had any superior advantages in this respect over any witness , who gave evidence at the bar of the house . Surely it would never be maintained , that a witness placed in that situation , and labouring under any difficulty or embarrassment respecting the answer to be made , ought to receive any assistance . Neither did he apprehend that any member of parliament was entitled to receive any suggestion from another , when he was called upon in his place to give his evidence on any question . knew of no principle recognized by parliamentary practice , by which a member was restrained from both giving and receiving communications and informations from another during the discussion of any question . On this ground he perfectly justified the conduct of the noble lord , and especially as he afterwards declared his communication to be perfectly innocent ; he , therefore , thought the hon . baronet was premature in calling the hon . gent . to order . was proceeding to animadvert with a considerable degree of warmth on the observations , which an hon . member ( Mr. Whitbread ) , had made relative to the prerogative which a member of parliament had over any other witness giving his evidence , when the right hon . gent . was called to order . repeated and explained his former observations with respect to the right which every member in the house had of communicating information to another . He did say what the right hon . secretary stated , that a member had a right to derive any benefit from the suggestion of another when examined in evidence during the pending of a question , but that question being answered , he was no longer restricted . confessed he had misunderstood the meaning of the hon . member , for he at first did conceive the hon . gent . made an essential difference between a member of parliament in giving his testimony , and an ordinary witness at the bar ; and he was the more satisfied in this case because the noble lord had declared , that what he communicated was perfectly innocent . protested that he never did lay down such preposterous doctrine . objected to this mode of examination , and the witness was ordered to withdraw . A conversation of considerable length took place , whether Mr. Greenwood should be further examined on this point . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Beresford and others , contended that he ought not to be examined as to the general character of a lady who was not before the house , and whose credit ought not to be impeached when it was not in question on the present subject . It was on the other hand insisted on by lord Folkestone , Mr. C. Wynn , Mr. Windham and others , that , as it appeared her recommendation had been attended to by the Duke of York , it was proper and necessary the witness should disclose what he knew to be her general character ; and it was at length decided , after lord Folkestone had agreed to withdraw his last question , that the witness should again be called in . stated , that Duff , one of the parties whom he had that evening mentioned to the house , as having papers in his possession , which came into his hands through the medium of