attended to the necessary particulars , and it was quite needless now to lead their attention to them . They ought first to be asked , whether they believed the handwriting to be the same , and if they answered in the affirmative , they might then with perfect propriety be asked why they thought so . But upon the principle of the last question a witness might be asked 500 preliminary questions , so as to fritter away his opinion before he gave it . The same course ought to be followed with respect to this witness , that had been adopted with respect to the two former , otherwise it might be imagined that the gentlemen who examined the witnesses , resorted to this circuitous method from the dread of an opinion contrary to their wishes . moved that the question be expunged , which was accordingly done . —They are my handwriting . rose to discharge a painful duty ; but , painful as it might be , it was a duty , and he should not shrink from the discharge of it . The Committee must be aware of the nature of the testimony given by the witness who had just withdrawn , and as he had been warned that he was to give his evidence at his own peril , and had exposed himself to the animadversion of the house , he should move , That general Clavering has prevaricated in his evidence . trusted his hon . friend would not prematurely press a motion , which went to affect the honour and feelings of a gallant and deserving officer . For the last eight years he had not the honour of a frequent intercourse with gen. Clavering , but from what he did know of him , he was convinced there never was a man who would more studiously avoid any conduct which an honourable mind would disapprove . He had listened attentively that night to his examination , and he could by no means prepare his mind to say , that in his testimony there was any prevarication . although alive to the feelings of friendship , by which his hon . friend was actuated , still could not , in regard to the dignity of that house , sacrifice the paramount demands of justice . called upon Mr. Wynn to point out the particular parts where gen. Clavering prevaricated before he pressed such a serious motion . was not zealous to cover gen. Clavering , but he did not believe , that although between his letters and his verbal testimony there existed contradictions , still it could be proved that he had prevaricated . perspicuously contrasted the various parts of gen. Clavering 's testimony , in order to justify his motion , and concluded with admonishing the Committee , that the country would put an injurious construction upon that system which would vent on the same misconduct , in humble life , that severer measure of punishment , the infliction of which on the higher rank of delinquents it would oppose . declared , that he had not heard the evidence distinctly , and if he was to be called upon for a vote , he should move that the short-hand-writer should read the whole of the evidence . observed , that gen. Clavering had come to the bar to explain his former evidence , and that it was not therefore a 877 trifling variation that was to be considered prevarication . He thought that it would be better to put off any consideration of such points , unless in the case of gross and wilful prevarication , till the investigation should be concluded . The day of reckoning would come , when the house ought to take up the consideration of the various acts of corruption , imposition , and swindling , which had come out in the course of this inquiry . argued , that as the witness had come to the bar to contradict or correct his former testimony , he could not be said to have prevaricated . thought , that as gen. Clavering had on a former