with our ally the king of Sweden . Now , with respect to this measure , as far as naval interference went , it turned out to be most critically opportune ; for the marquis of Romana , who was at that time at the isle of Funen , had distinctly stated , when subsequently in this country , that if the British fleet had not entered the Belt on the very day on which it had , his army must have passed over to Zealand , followed by that of Bernadotte . As to what related to the military force , that was not left to the judgment of the British government alone . However highly he might think of the right hon . gent . 's judgment in military matters , he certainly thought that the opinion of the Swedish government on this subject should have at least equal authority ; and he distinctly stated , that the force sent to Sweden was on the requisition , nay , at the entreaty of the Swedish minister resident in this country , who had declared that that force might make the whole difference of the salvation of Sweden . Feeling the determination to support the cause of Sweden by arms , and not as the rt . hon . gent . had held out , to sell it to the enemy , the British government had not hesitated to comply with this invitation . What had been the circumstances which led to the return of the troops , the house was not at that time investigating . His majesty 's ministers would experience no difficulty in affording every explanation , except what might wound the feelings of our ally , or affect injuriously the interests of the public service . He certainly had no hesitation in declaring , that the gallant commander of that force stood completely exculpated ; and he joined issue with the rt . hon . gent . that his majesty 's government had given unequivocal proof , that they did not disapprove of the conduct of that brave and zealous 56 officer , by entirely intrusting to him the highest military confidence , that had ever been intrusted into the hands of a British general , in the annals of our history.—The next point in the rt . hon . gent . 's speech , which he should notice , was the great naval exertions , which that rt . hon . gent . stated to have been made by Denmark , notwithstanding the expedition , the morality of which he had formerly so strongly deprecated . And here he must remark on the strange perversion of terms created by the rt . hon . gent . who compared the teasing warfare of gun-boats in a calm , with the great naval efforts of our whole fleet . Did the rt . hon . gent . mean to say , that in the course of the last naval campaign in the Baltic , it would have made no difference , if , when the Russian fleet came out of Cronstadt , they had been joined by 15 Danish , sail of the line ? Would not this country have been obliged to provide an equivalent fleet for the purpose of counteracting the naval force of the enemy , if we had had to meet 30 sail of the line , instead of 12 or 13 ' He left it to the rt . hon . gent . 's candour , as a statesman , to say , whether in such a case , the naval affairs of Great Britain would have stood as they now do , either in the Baltic or in any other part of the world . In those seas , exposed to frequent calms , especially in summer , the whole English fleet could not completely defend our commerce against the gun-boats . And often all the injury done to our trade was so inconsiderable , in proportion to the extent of that trade , as to be scarcely perceptible.—But all these points were collateral to that great and overwhelming consideration