, that the Thanks of the house ought to be extended to another individual , who was an officer in high command on that occasion . And therefore the noble lord wished to be perfectly understood , in the motion he should have to submit , not to intend the slightest disrespect towards sir H. Burrard . No one was loss disposed than himself , to hurt the feelings of that officer , than whom he did not believe there was a more gallant , or one of a more enlarged soul , in the British empire . A proof of his generous and manly feeling had been given , in his refusal to take ally share in a transaction which redounded so much to the glory of sir A. Wellesley . When he had mentioned the matter to his majesty , of the intention to confer the Thanks of the country upon sir A. Wellesley , his majesty expressed his approbation of the liberality of sir H. Burrard in not taking the command on that day ; and it would , in his opinion , be doing an injury to that gallant and meritorious officer , to mix him in that vote of Thanks . All the military merit of this campaign , was exclusively sir A Wellesley 's , and this was not the first instance in which the house was called on to vote an approval of his gallant and distinguished conduct . He had commanded a largerarmy than that with which he conquered at Vimiera , and the battle of Assaye , with the uninterrupted display of the most excellent military talents throughout an Indian campaign , had qualified him , in an eminent degree , for the trust there reposed in him . Military experience had ensured him that success which ever accompanied his brilliant career , and carried with him the confidence of the house as well as the enthusiasm of the army.—From the moment sir A. Wellesley landed at Mondego Bay to 148 the day of the glorious achievement which was then the object of frequent praise , his dispositions of the army were such , that there was not a man , from that distinguished officer . general Spencer , down to the lowest drummer in the army , who was not an enthusiast that would cheerfully follow sir A. Wellesley upon any service . —Having submitted these observations to the house , he felt that he had made out one of the strongest cases ever made out , to entitle a general to the honourable testimony of his valour and good conduct which was bestowed by the vote of parliament , and concluded by moving , `` That the Thanks of this house be given to the right hon . lieut . general sir Arthur Wellesley , K. B , for the distinguished valour , ability and conduct displayed by him on the 17th and 21st of August last in Portugal , on the latter of which days he obtained at Vimiera over the army of the enemy a signal victory , honourable and glorious to the British arms . `` —On the Resolution being read , urged his friendship for sir A. Wellesley as an excuse for pressing forward to second the motion . He ran no risk of weakening the ground upon which this motion stood , for if submitted to the whole nation , it would be carried by acclamation . He would abstain from trespassing on the indulgence of the house by following the noble lord minutely or offering any eulogium on the hon . general , his friend , because it was altogether unnecessary , and would be trespassing on the time of the house . Great actions spoke best for themselves ; and the splendid deeds for which the house was called upon to vole its Thanks , far exceeded his powers of description . Sir A. Wellesley was at a time of life when much might still be expected , and the course of service so gloriously begun , and so brilliantly distinguished at Assaye , promised a harvest of laurels which would be