have deprived himself , had a favourable opportunity presented itself . The noble lord had also complained that things were not allowed to take their natural course , but that the business had been pressed forward with unbecoming rapidity . He did not recollect any instance of this kind . It was but fair that in so momentous charges , no delay should take place , but the hon . gent , himself could not have forgotten that on one occasion , when one day seemed more convenient to the hon . mover than another , the more remote day , because the more convenient to him , was fixed on . As to the charge of infamy attaching to one party or another , —all that was meant , or had been said , was , not that infamy must attach either to the hon . gent . or to the royal personage ; but that , if the accusations were false , and a conspiracy should be found to exist , infamy would attach to those who had been the cause of stigmatizing his royal highness ; and if the gentlemen , who brought forward the accusations , should be found to have too easily lent themselves to an unprincipled conspiracy , that they would not , by their con- 664 duct , have added to their own credit . As to the unfair attack of which the noble lord complained , he was ready to say now what he had said last night , namely , that the noble lord was very right in not referring to any particular case , until he knew whether or not he could produce the papers . But there had been no stigma whatever cast upon the noble lord . He certainly knew the solicitor to whom the noble lord had referred , but he must beg leave to decline the recollection of having done him any favour ; at least , if he had , the gratitude of the person obliged was stronger than his own memory ; but the noble lord had forgotten to tell , that when he called upon him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) in the morning , he had expressly hoped that no sense of obligation in the solicitor to him , would prevent the papers being produced , and the affair investigated . But the noble lord had gone very far indeed , when he slated that information of officers competent to give it , had been refused , for the fear of government 's displeasure . It was easy for any man to see that this was an attempt to create prejudice in the minds of the people . It was a most unfair and ungenerous assertion . The noble lord , however , went too far in stating that there were various instances in which the investigation had been obstructed in this case . He would not put it to the noble lord 's everlasting recollection , but he would put it to his candour , to say what impression such a statement was calculated to make on the public mind ? What , then , would be said , not that there might be charges , which if gone into might implicate the character of the royal person alluded to ; but that there was something which prevented the sifting the charges to the bottom , and that many others could be adduced if required . Would it not be equally fair and candid to suppose , as the hon . mover must have felt , that the investigation into some of the charges at least did not support him in his original statement , that those which remained unopened were of this description , and would be found equally defective ? He submitted to the noble lord , if it would not be better , before moving for a Select Committee , similar to that which had already been appointed , to try what the summons of the house would do , and if he himself could not in the mean lime procure the inspection of the papers