disasters of the campaign that was just concluded he thought were wholly owing to the superseding of sir A. Wellesley ; for if he had continued in the command , the Convention of Cintra would never have taken place ; but , on the contrary , instead of a fatiguing march through Gallicia , he firmly believed our troops would have been employed in driving the French over the Pyrennees . He had been a witness to the whole of the conduct of the distinguished general , to whom the thanks of the house were then proposed to be 152 voted ; and in his opinion it deserved every encomium which language could bestow on it . The hon . gent . then adverted to what sir Arthur had done in the East , and what he had done and might do in Europe , and called upon the house to acknowledge the merits of a general who had never been defeated . If , in the course of what he had said , any expression had fallen from him that might be offensive to the friends of the gallant officer who had superseded him , he could assure them , he did not mean to convey the smallest censure on any thing he had done , but merely to express his sentiments as to the conduct and gallantry of the distinguished general who so well had earned and deserved the high reward intended to be conferred on him by the thanks of the house . observed , that he had not said that the British troops were superior in number to all the French in Portugal , but only to those in the engagement . fully concurred in the merits of sir A. Wellesley : but it appeared that there had been a difference of opinion between sir A. Wellesley and sir H. Burrard at the close of the day . On that subject the Board of Inquiry had given no opinion , and as they had not done so , he thought it would be indecorous in the house to do any thing which might appear to decide that question . If he voted for the motion , it must be with a clear understanding that this point was left as before . said that it was not his object to take the sense of the house , either directly or indirectly , on that question . concurred in the motion , and thought the noble lord had taken the course which was most agreeable to sir H. Burrard himself . That officer would be more satisfied with the manner in which his merits had been allowed , and he was no stranger to the thanks of the house . It was with pride he would give his thanks in the manner proposed . He concluded with describing the actions of the 17th and 21st of August as of the most chivalrous nature , and worthy of being had in everlasting remembrance in the circle of the soldier , and by paying a warm tribute to the merit of sir A. Wellesley , who had conciliated the love and respect of the private soldier , deserved the most hearty applauses of his country , and proved himself a veteran in noble daring , a veteran in 153 martial fame , a veteran in the love and admiration of the public . could not give his vote this night without saying a few words . He bore testimony to the judicious , candid , and liberal manner in which the noble lord had brought the subject forward , both with respect to the operations in Spain and Portugal—in resting the whole matter on the real merits of the officers , without entering upon points in which they were not concerned . He would most cheerfully give his thanks for the actions of the 17th and 21st , and acknowledge the conduct , the prowess , the valour , and the gallantry of sir A. Wellesley and the army under his command , from their landing to the conclusion of the victory of Vimiera . But the moment the house