French tyranny ? Alas ! how have these hopes been blasted , how grievously have our troops suffered in their vain exertions , and how much have ministers involved the whole transaction in darkness , and obscurity . Is it not necessary to know why your army was exposed to danger , and at the same time to produce nothing that was good or advantageous to the country ? The soldier should always be prepared to die in his country 's cause , and I doubt not that British soldiers are particularly impressed with that feeling ; but is it thence to be inferred that you are unnecessarily to expose them to dangers , and to fruitless efforts , so as to bring ruin on themselves , and disgrace upon the nation ? Other plans of campaign , I know , have been mentioned , which in the opinion of some were likely to have been attended with great success ; and these are the employing of the troops of England for the purpose of garrisoning some of the strong posts on the continent , and particularly upon the sea coast of Spain . I presume 1074 not to offer any opinion upon that subject ; but I believe that that would not have given us great benefit . The Spaniards have shewn towards us great jealousy . At Cadiz our reception was not flattering ; and at Ferrol , not an effort was made in our favour . I have heard , but I can not vouch for the truth of the report , that even the force which you sent a short time ago , from Lisbon to Cadiz , has not been permitted to enter the harbour . I have heard this from an authority which I deem good , and I shall continue to believe it until it be contradicted . I ask the house then to institute an inquiry for the purpose of discovering what have been the motives that led ministers so to dispose of the force of the country on a service at first so full of confidence , and now so full of doubt and uncertainty as to lead to the belief that the cause of Spain is desperate . I call upon the country to seek for this inquiry , in order to shew how much distress , difficulties , dangers , and perils unexampled , our gallant soldiers have endured in this fruitless and inglorious struggle . Is there an Englishman that could have seen the exertions of such troops , and not rejoice in them ? Is there a peasant in the bleakest mountains of Scotland , or in the barren bogs of Ireland , who is not proud of their conduct , and desirous of emulating their example , and of displaying equal courage and intrepidity ? I aver that all possess the same energy and courageous sentiments , and that all are equally ready to imitate their example , and employ their exertions in their country 's cause , but the more especially if they could be convinced that their exertions will be judiciously and prudently applied . I call upon you , by the gratitude you owe to those who were thus shamefully sacrificed at Corunna , by that which you owe to their companions in arms , who are still in existence , and able and willing to defend their country , or to be employed upon any service ; I call upon you by the interest you must take in those who yet remain , to institute this inquiry , in order that they may not be sacrificed by a similar misconduct , upon a future occasion ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I call upon you , as you value the glory of our country , the preservation of our future power and reputation , as well as our interest , by every thing that can excite the exertions of brave men , to institute this investigation for the satisfaction of all . The proposition I make to the house is not for this or that mode of inquiry . I care