, That this right of neutrals is sacred and inviolable , and can not be forfeited , but by their own wrong . 3dly , That neutrals have not a right to carry on during war a trade which they have never possessed , and which they hold by no title of use or habit , during peace.— Lord S. said , that his chief objections to the Orders in Council of the month of Nov. 1807 were , that they violated the first and second of these principles , and compromised the last . He mentioned the Orders in Council of Nov. 1807 only , because notwithstanding all that had been said by the noble Earl and others , he denied that those Orders were merely `` an extension in operation , and not in principle , of the Orders of the 7th of January 1807 ; '' and that the present Ministers had therefore done no more than follow the line marked out by their predecessors . The Order of the 7th of January was , in its principle , an application of the rule to which he had adverted , to the coasting trade of France and her dependencies , which , though neutrals had no concern in it during peace , they had been encouraged by our enemies to carry on under the assumed protection of their flag during war . Such was the principle of that Order ; but if in the means of enforcing it there was any actual infringement on the rights of neutrals , in that degree and proportion the Order itself ought to be modified , and its operation restrained . According to this view of the Order he contended that the right to issue it did not at all depend upon the Berlin Decree of Nov. 1806 ; and though it might have been denominated a retaliation against France , it was a retaliation against France without injustice to neutrals.—Lord S. then proceeded to state what ought to have been the conduct of his majesty 's present government in consequence of the Berlin Decree , which he described as the extravagant ebullition ; of a mind inflamed by resentment and intoxicated by victory . Instead of making that Decree the measure of our conduct , not merely towards France , as we were fully justified in doing , but also towards third parties not engaged in our quarrel , it appeared to him , that it would have been far wiser , with a view to our own interests , and obviously more just , for Ministers to have given neutral Stales to Understand that the intimation conveyed in 789 the letter from Lords Holland and Auckland of the 1st of Dec. 1806 , to the American Commissioners , would be strictly observed ; that our conduct would depend upon their own ; that we should respect their rights , whilst they refrained from lending themselves to the violence and injustice of our enemy ; but that , in the language of the concluding paragraph , `` If the enemy should carry his threats into execution , and neutral nations should , contrary to all expectations , acquiesce in such usurpation , his majesty might probably be compelled , however reluctantly , to retaliate in his own just defence , and to issue orders to his cruizers to adopt towards neutrals any hostile system , to which those neutrals shall have submitted from his enemies '' He also thought that the American Government should have been explicitly told , that , as they had rejected the proposed Treaty of Commerce between the two countries , the same terms would not be renewed ; that the increased and increasing dominion and influence of France on the Continent , which it was her declared and main object to make use of for the purpose of interdicting British commerce , and of thus circumscribing the sources of our opulence and naval power , rendered it incumbent upon his majesty to retaliate upon the sources of the wealth and naval power of his enemy ; and that this could not be so effectually done