the time col. Tucker was about to be promoted , several applications had been made to him offering him advancement , by money-brokers , which that officer spurned at with becoming contempt . He knew that col. Tucker got his promotions properly , and all by brevet rank . was happy to add his mite to the applause of the gallant general as to the brother who had fallen , and he was sure the same justice would be done to the living brother . He would afterwards move that the Letter should be entered on the Minutes . was inclined perfectly to coincide with the opinions of those who had preceded him as to the merits of the two officers ; he apprehended the name of Tucker had been placed in the evidence improperly for that of Trotter . objected to the Letter 's being entered on the Minutes , as it could not possibly be evidence . thought that no objection could be urged except as to the identity of the writing ; many letters had been put on the Minutes on as slight grounds . said , that one serious 814 charge ( that of col. French ) was entirely grounded on similar evidence . thought that if the writing was first proved the difficulty would be done away . This was deferred until some person was to be found who could prove the writing . wished here to read a Letter which he had received from Miss Taylor relative to her testimony : — '' Sir—Mrs . Hovenden has chosen to draw some inferences unfavourable to me in her evidence . I have only to say , that she visited me once at Bayswater and once at Dalby Terrace . She has said she would not place her daughter under my care . I do not know whether she would do that or not : but I know she sent her niece , of the age of 14 years , on a visit to me . ( Signed ) ANNE TAYLOR . `` — Mr. Wardle did not desire this to be placed upon the Minutes . wished to know whether the hon . member intended to found any proceeding upon the letter of Miss Taylor ; he thought her case was a peculiarly hard one ; he did not see why any shadow of disgrace should attach to her ( cries of Hear ! and Order ! ) . I should imagine ( said Mr. Smith ) that when any man rises in this house to advocate the cause of an unprotected female , he should be suffered to proceed . thought the hon . gent , was proceeding in a disorderly course . If he thought Miss Taylor had been treated severely , he should have noticed it at the time , and not now , after such an interval : if this proceeding was allowed , the consequences would be that those who were accused must defend-themselves , and thus the time of the house would be wasted . thought that the time of Miss Taylor 's letter being read was the most proper for him to make his remark on the subject , and he only wished to know whether any proceeding was intended to be founded on her letter : however , as the house did not seem inclined to entertain the subject , he was not anxious to press it . rose , before the Committee should proceed to the examination of the Letters which had been submitted to a Committee last night , to make a statement , which would serve as an answer to a question put on a former night by an lion , member of that House . The question referred to the expence which the D. of Y. had incurred for the 826 maintenance of the establishment for Mrs. C. in Gloucester—place . As far as he was enabled to inquire , no accurate account could be made out of the total amount of that expenditure . There were many items , however , capable of distinct proof , which he had been enabled to