country , of an able and commanding direction of its means and its resources ? If we can find no such testimony from these occurrences , I fear we shall be able to trace in them the counterpart of the same compromising and dastardly policy , which in the same quarter of Europe marked their career a short time previous to the last session of Parliament . When they waged their detestable and fatal hostilities against the crown of Denmark , by the attack on Copenhagen , an aggression which has lowered the character of Great Britain for national honour and good faith , it was at least to be expected , that when such invaluable sacrifices were made , some great eventual and permanent benefit ought to have ensued . But what have we experienced ? Were the evils which we had sacrificed national character and our before unsullied honour to avoid , less either in quality or extent than those , the very consequences of that policy which we now feel ? If that rash and inglorious ex- 41 pedition had not taken place , the Danish navy would now consist of ships of war , blocked up in the ports of that country , instead of being converted , as it is now , into a more active and successful means of hostility against our commerce , than the navy of any power in Europe . Our commerce has , I contend , suffered far more in consequence of your attack , than it could have suffered had you not taken their fleet . ( A laugh from the ministerial benches . ) That opinion I maintain . Did you , when you made your assault upon the navy of Denmark , deprive it of the services of a single sailor ? No . You contented yourselves with taking away their ships of war . Had their marine continued safe from your assault , it would have absorbed the exertions of their seamen . If hostilities between the two countries were unavoidable , a sense of pride would probably have compelled them to risque a contest with a British Fleet . Our tried experience and superiority at sea , made us easy as to the issue . But by your own policy , having deprived them of that which occupied the exertions of their numerous sailors , Denmark now applies her whole force of that kind in a predatory warfare against your commerce . This has been the result of an unjustifiable measure ; which , whilst it exasperated the enmity of an unoffending neutral , has by no means diminished her means of annoyance . And this is a fresh instance of the merits of that ministerial vigour , which was to characterize the government of those now entrusted with the confidence of the Crown . In what view the right hon . gent . opposite considers such consequences , it is not for me to presume . I for my part can not but consider them not less injurious to our interests , than they are degrading to our reputation ; for , I ask any man , when the nations of the world sec expeditions sent for certain objects , return , not alone without effecting such objects , but even without adopting one single measure to promote their accomplishment , in what light , I say , can they consider them , but disgraceful— disgraceful not to the commander of the British army , nor to the gallant men under his command , but certainly disgraceful to those counsels which have manifested no farther proof of enlargement of system , which have realized no other promise of energy in cultivating resources , or promptitude in applying them , save in a sort of pantomimical movement of fleets and armies from one end of Europe to the other 42 without effecting any thing . ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) —After these transactions in the North of Europe , the affairs of Spain next engrossed the attention of the world . The government of France having made its iniquitous attempt upon the