they have not risen . We predicted that America would be irritated by our Orders in Council , —and she is irritated . We predicted that our manufactures would decline and our exports and imports be diminished—and the result has verified the prediction , as is but too obvious from the papers on the table . We predicted that our manufacturers would be destitute of employment and reduced to extreme distress—and unhappily the prediction is true , as appears from the numbers of your starving manufacturers , reduced to that state which the hon . baronet ( sir R. Peele ) on the Irish Distillery Bill so justly and so feelingly described , when he entreated this house not to aggravate their distresses , by depriving them of the very scanty meal which was left . I do admit , that by such a system some will be found obtaining a profit even from the general calamity , in the same manner as we know that by the late conflagrations , though many are thrown out of bread and employment , others are receiving from the very occurrence , support and additional earnings . But that can be no compensation for the suffering endured . If you wish to ascertain , the extent of the injury inflicted on 1169 this country by these Orders , I call upon you to reflect upon the condition of the extensive town of Manchester , where the poors rates have risen within the last year from 24,000l . to 49,000l. , in consequence of the number of manufacturers thrown out of bread ; where of the numerous Cotton mills which were formerly employed , 32 are now idle , and six only at work . Cast your eyes to Ireland and behold the state of its linen manufacture for the want of flax-seed . Whence can it be supplied ? Not from America or from the Baltic . There is not , I understand , seed for a twentieth part of the land usually sown with flax in Ireland this year , and the consequence will and must necessarily be , that in the course of next year a vast multitude of persons must be thrown out of employment in that country . These are some of the extensive operations of the Orders in Council which it behoves this house particularly to attend to , and if possible to prevent before it be too late . The right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) holds out the prospect of great benefit from the trade with the Brazils . But as to the probability of any great advantages from our commercial intercourse with Portuguese America , I confess , that I am not so sanguine as to expect any in the course , not alone of my life , but of many persons in this house younger than myself . Yet suppose that such advantages should arrive much sooner than I am induced to believe , what , I ask , is to be done for the supply of the passing year , or of the year that succeeds ? Unhappily the evils , of which my friends who sit round me forewarned the right hon . gentlemen opposite , have arrived , without convincing them of the absolute necessity of retracing their disastrous progress . Was it not natural to expect that when every prediction of ours was fulfilled , and every promise of theirs falsified , they , without apparently yielding to the opinions of their political antagonists , would have embraced some plan of extricating the country from the dangers in which it was involved by their conduct ? No such thing . Unwarned by experience , unappalled by the horrors of their own creation , which surrounded them , and vainly elated by the transient gleam of temporary success , they disdained to take advantage of the moment of that success , or to profit by the concessions which the American government offered . Indeed , under any circumstances , the present servants of the 1170 crown could not divest themselves of that political rancour against