stated , that it would be proved by col. Gordon , that the exchange had been ordered before Mrs. Clarke got the money . observed , that this was a very unpleasant duty ; but it was the duty of the house to do justice by the country as well as by the duke of York . He thought gentlemen ought to remain from discussing the merits of the case till the evidence was printed and laid before them . Before they called their witnesses , they ought to allow the hon . gent . to proceed with his charges , and finish them . observed , that after the hon . gent . had finished this charge , it was understood that the answer was to be given , and the house had before acted upon that principle , by calling col. Gordon , Mr. Adam , and the hon . gent . himself who had brought forward the charges . The witnesses now called upon were summoned , not with a view to the whole of the charges , but to give their testimony upon that which was now closed . then desired Ludo-wick Orramin to be called . Mrs. Clarke , he observed , had said that she was sure the duke of York knew she got the 200l . because his servant had been sent by him to get it changed . Now he would shew that only one servant belonging to the duke of York ever attended him at Gloucester-place , and he had never gone out to get a note changed . said , as the other witnesses he had intended to call were not at hand , he would take an opportunity of calling them some other time . said , that he hoped there would be no objection to his calling one or two witnesses also , in consequence of what had passed since he submitted his case . replied , there could be no objection , and wished the hon . gent . to give in their names . said , that as the gentlemen opposite did not think it necessary to give in beforehand the names of their witnesses , he would certainly avail himself of the same privilege he possessed , and would not give in the names of his witnesses . He wished to put a few questions to Mr. Adam , as every thing he said in the house on this subject had great weight , from his having declared he served the Duke of York gratuitously . observed , that it was unworthy the character of an individual to pay attention to anonymous letters , and condemned Mr. Adam for having brought this before the House . replied , that lie felt it incumbent on him to do so from its singular coincidence with the question that had been put to him . It was written to deter him from doing his duty , and to libel the house of commons , both of which were 341 beyond the power of any such attempts . He had to protect his own and his family 's honour , which he would do in the manner that seemed best to himself , without minding any one 's opinion . said , there was no occasion for rough language , particularly us he had gone along with the hon . gent . in all his feelings as a man and a father . He had only expressed his disapprobation of having such letters brought into the minutes of the House , . defended the reading of the letter in warm terms , and amid loud cries of Order ! order ! He said , the house did not do their duty , and ought to be whipped , if they did not offer a reward of 500l . or 1,000l . for its author ( Order ! Order ! ) `` Why am I out of order ? Where am I out of order ? If you are such poor creatures '' — ( Here the hon . genu 's voice was drowned amid the general clamour , and