great interests the protection of which was the greatest boon that Providence could have bestowed on a sinking country . British blood and treasure , and the invaluable lives of British officers and soldiers , had been sacrificed to no purpose , and without in the least assisting the great cause which the country had been pledged to support . Thus were we doomed to witness the extinction of our hopes in Spain , and with them we could expect nothing but the extinction of every hope of continental alliance and co-operation . After the conduct we had displayed towards Sweden and Spain , we could expect nothing but a general confederacy against us . To what but the ignorance and incapacity of ministers were all these calamities to be attributed ? The circumstances which had led to them must necessarily become the subject of grave and serious inquiry , but he could not avoid now taking the opportunity of stating his opinion upon the subject , and 135 whilst he concurred most entirely in the motion of Thanks proposed by the noble earl , he owed it to his gallant companions in arms to call the attention of the house to that conduct which had placed them in a situation calculated only to produce an useless sacrifice of life . expressed his surprize that any topic should have been introduced into the discussion , which had no immediate relation to the subject under discussion , and which he scarcely thought within limits of order . He should not now enter into the general question touched upon by the noble earl , with respect to the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , but should only state , that when the time came for inquiry , they would be ready to meet it , and if they did not satisfy the noble earl , he had no doubt that they would satisfy that house and the country . With respect to the motion , he could add little to what had been said by his noble friend , nor with respect to the lamented loss of sir John Moore , could he add much to what had been said in the very excellent dispatch of general Hope , the sentiments contained in which must have come home to the feelings of every man in the country . His loss would be deeply felt , but he trusted his example would have the most beneficial effects . He hoped that nothing would be introduced foreign to the immediate subject of the present motion , and that it would be unanimously agreed to . thought concurrence too cold a term to use when stating his agreement in the motion ; he viewed with admiration and gratitude the services rendered by the army in Spain , and by its gallant commander , whose loss we had unfortunately to deplore . Having his warmest feelings in unison with this motion , he must , however , reserve to himself the right and the duty of assisting in the institution of an inquiry by some means or other , into the circumstances which had led to the unfortunate situation in which our troops were placed . When that inquiry should take place , he trusted it would be proved that our army did not march from Lisbon at the worst season of the year to a part of Spain where their services could be of no possible use . He regretted to have heard one expression fall from his noble friend ( the earl of Moira ) that of a `` sinking country . '' He could not agree that this was a sinking country , nor could it be so whilst we bad such troops to 136 defend us as those who had achieved the victory , for which they were now properly and justly called upon to vote thanks ; whilst we had troops who had now proved themselves superior to the French in infantry , in cavalry , and artillery , in short , in all the branches of service . said , that whether the noble lord was out of order