suit to a final judgment , with the least possible delay . This would prevent the grievance of persons lying in custody . sometimes more than a year , before the actual ground of debt was ascertained . It was also his wish to make a distinction between the case of the fraudulent and the unfortunate debtor . The assertions which he had made of the benefits that would flow from a recurrence to the ancient law and practice , had been controverted by high authorities . He , therefore , conceived that the best way of arriving at such a conclusion as should guide the opinion of their lordships upon those opposite statements , would be to refer the matter to an open Committee . His lordship accordingly moved , that a Committee be appointed to examine into the present practice of Imprisonment for Civil Debt , and the consequences thereof.—The motion was then agreed to . moved the order of the day for the house to resolve itself into a committee for further inquiry into the Conduct of h. r. h. the Duke of York . wished , previously to the house resolving into a committee , to explain the grounds of his recommendation , on a former night , that a witness should be detained in the custody of the Serjeant at Arms , to prevent communication with other witnesses already examined , or to be examined , on a subject of so much importance . The right hon . the Speaker had , on that occasion , given his opinion upon the subject , in opposition to what he felt it his own duty to propose ; and he now thought the house acted wisely in following that opinion . What he himself had proposed he conceived to be founded on parliamentary usage , although he then spoke generally , without being able at the moment to refer to particular precedents . He had since , however , made more minute research ; and although gentlemen seemed before to think he recommended some- 440 thing which was novel in parliamentary proceeding upon such cases , he was now enabled to refer them to precedents upon the Journals of the house , and in times to which the house had been in the habit of looking up with veneration ; namely , those shortly subsequent to the Brunswick accession . He then moved , that the clerk might refer to the lath vol . of the Journals , and the proceedings which took place from the 9th to the 17th June 1715 , from which it appeared , that the house , on the representation of Mr. Walpole , chairman of a secret committee then sitting , had deemed it proper to order that Matthew Prior , esq . should be taken into close custody of the Serjeant at Arms , and there detained during the pleasure of the house , in order to prevent him from withdrawing himself , and to secure his evidence before the secret committee , touching the matters then under inquiry . And the said Matthew Prior having refused to be examined before the said secret committee , he was ordered to be detained in close custody ; and a Petition having been presented by Mr . Prior to the house , complaining of the hardships of such detention , no order was made upon it until the 20th of Sept. following . The next precedent to which he would refer the house for proof of what their ancestors had done in similar cases , was in the 21st vol . of the Journals , on 15th Feb. 1731 , when the house had ordered a number of persons to be taken into close custody , who , it was apprehended , were about to withdraw themselves from giving testimony . The necessity of such proceedings , however , must always depend upon circumstances : the house must in its own discretion judge whether , under those of the present case , it was eligible to follow the precedents he had stated : at all events , he hoped he had shewn