was this Mr. Lowten represented him as a man whom he believed to be out of his mind . He had for a long time teased Mr. Jones , the marshal , endeavouring to persuade him that he was a very near relation of his . He was convinced that this Mr. Williams labouredunder a mental derangement . said , he rose in consequence of the assertion of Mrs. C. in the beginning of the evening ( that she had 476 been insulted and abused in coming into the house of commons ) , to more that the Serjeant at Arms be ordered to attend the witnesses to and from the house of commons , to protect them from any insult or injury that might be offered to them in obeying the orders of that house . He said , whatever might be the character , the morals , or the line of life pursued by the witness who had been before the house , that there was a certain deference and respect due to the sex which should not be violated on any occasion , least of all on her entrance into that house . said , he felt it his duty to object to the motion of his hon. , friend , for two reasons , first that he did not wish it should appear that it was necessary to make any such order ; secondly , that on the most accurate inquiry into the business , he understood that no insult whatever had been offered the witness in the course of the evening . said , that if his right hon . friend would say that no insult had been offered the witness , he would not persist in his motion . said he could not be positive , not having been present on the occasion ; his knowledge was grounded on the strict inquiries which had been made . was of opinion that she ought not to be compelled to answer , as there might possibly be circumstances attending the disclosure of this question , which might prove injurious to the witness 's father ; nor 479 could he conceive that any material benefit would result to the present inquiry from the disclosure of I his circumstance . in reply observed , that he knew nothing of the witness ; but sure he was , that much of the credit of the testimony of this evidence depended upon that degree of respectability which both the witness and her connections in society held . Would the noble lord or any member in the house deny , that the evidence of a prostitute , who might be picked up in a street , was to be equally relied upon with that of a person who supported a decent and respectable character ? Nor was it immaterial to the present enquiry to know ? where the lather and mother of the witness resided , as it was highly probable that the knowledge of this circumstance might tend 10 extract truth from the mine of error , with which it appeared to him to be involved . said , that upon reflection , he trusted the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) would not press the question , as it evidently , went to wound the feelings of the witness . observed , that he could not help suspecting , that something would be disclosed by a direct answer to that question , that would greatly , if not wholly , discredit the testimony of the witness . It must appear a very extraordinary case , that neither of the sisters knew , or rather , would not tell , where the father was ; and , therefore , he still adhered to his former opinion , that the question ought to be answered in a direct manner . saw no good that could result from compelling the witness to answer the question in a direct form , as it was probable the fact could be ascertained by putting the question in another shape . thought it utterly impossible to carry on the inquiry , unless such