that ministers were not responsible for the exercise of a discretion entrusted to officers whom they employed , but it was of the utmost importance to the country that the whole subject should become matter of inquiry ; and , however their feelings might revolt at entering into any investigation involving the conduct of an officer now no more , yet public duty demanded that they should assert the exercise of that discretion , in order to complete the inquiry which was so absolutely called for . He did not wish to trouble their lordships with a repetition of what he had said before upon topics involved in this discussion , nor could he allude to information not before the house , although that was the only room in the country , in which information long since before the public , was not made the subject of conversation . Amongst other topics it was surely highly necessary to inquire from what cause it arose that our army , sent to Sweden , remained inactive on board the ships which conveyed it there , and that the gallant officer who commanded it , sir John Moore , was obliged to escape almost in disguise . After ministers had so loudly called for inquiry , he could not conceive why they 385 should now oppose it . The mode proposed , was that which had been adopted by parliament upon former occasions , when the state of events appeared to demand it . When the army of Cornwallis surrendered in America , the mode of inquiry proposed , was by a Committee on the State of the Nation , which was , upon that occasion , agreed to for the very purpose of inquiring . It appeared , therefore , that the mode of inquiry proposed by the noble earl , was sanctioned by precedent and the practice of parliament , and he thought it the best that could be adopted on the present occasion . said , that his majesty 's ministers , at the prorogation of the last session , had left parliament with the impression that it was the general , and he might say the unanimous opinion , both of the people and the legislature , that every thing ought to be done , which the resources of the country would admit of , in assisting the Spanish nation against the unprincipled and unprovoked attack of their enemy . The question now to be considered was , whether they had executed the trust with which they were charged , conformably to the wishes and expectations of the country ? He admitted that the question was of importance , and well worthy of inquiry but , as ministers had not shrunk from investigation , he could not agree either in the necessity or propriety of a motion of so general a nature as bad been proposed by the noble earl this evening . He was willing to allow , that for their conduct upon any of the important measures which had been adopted during the recess , they were responsible ; and it was competent for the noble earl , or any other member of that house , to call them to account upon each of these measures individually . But , after 25 years experience in parliament , he could not help thinking , that it required much serious deliberation before their lordships acceded to an enquiry of so general a nature , and which might branch out into such a variety of topics , as that which it was now proposed to institute . If , for example , the noble lord thought that there was any thing relative to the campaign in Portugal , or in Spain , or to the Cintra convention , in which his majesty 's ministers were criminally implicated , he might , with perfect propriety , submit a motion to the house upon any of these subjects ; which would lead to the investigation of the merits or demerits of their conduct . Bathe trusted 386 that their lordships , before sanctioning a proposition for so large an inquiry as that