that upwards of that quantity of tonnage was employed at the time , in the Baltic . The transports were not , as when the late administration had promised aid to the continental powers , laid up , dismantled , and destroyed . The expedition was originally destined for the Tagus , on which service cavalry was not deemed necessary It was admitted even by the right hon . gent . that , if the expedition had been destined for the Tagus , cavalry would not be necessary , because of his own expedition to the same point , with which no cavalry had been sent . A great deal had been said of the supercession of commanders , and that it was improper to send a junior officer with a large force , if he was afterwards to be superseded in the command . With regard to the point of the superceding of officers , perhaps the right hon . gent . spoke feelingly on that subject , from having found the inconvenience of it . He had employed a junior officer ( brig.-gen. Craufurd ) to go with 4,000 men , by the Antipodes to Botany Bay , from whence they were to proceed to Chili , which they were to conquer . This done , a line of posts was to be established across the Andes , to Buenos Ayres , to secure the possession of that settlement ! Surely , the right hon . gent . could not have forgotten this ; for such an idea , when it once entered the mind of man , could not be got out of it again . This officer was , after a long voyage , recalled in order to be placed under the command of gen. Whitelocke at Buenos Ayres . He would put a case , however : was it not possible that it might be expedient , when a small expedition was increased to a very large army , to supersede the original commander , and appoint a senior officer , in order to preserve in the service of that army many excellent officers , who could not , from the usage in the army , serve under a junior 951 commander , or one of lower rank ? This was precisely the case in the present instance ; and his gallant friend himself had told them , that he could not have expected to be placed at the head of so great an army , which would by that means have been deprived of the assistance of many of those generals who had eminently distinguished themselves on other occasions . He could assure the right hon . gent . that no persons in the country were more disappointed or grieved at the issue of the campaign in Portugal than his majesty 's ministers . They lamented the Convention , and they lamented that it bad not been demonstrated to the world , beyond the possibility of controversy , that the British army was infinitely superior to the French . The character of the British army was , however , in the course of this campaign established in the mind of every impartial man in Europe , for incomparable discipline , irresistible valour , and unwearied perseverance . He agreed , then , with the right hon . gent . on this point , but he could see no occasion for the house to re-echo what had been declared by his majesty , and was a general sentiment in the country , with a view to censure his majesty 's ministers . It would be worth while to observe how curiously the right hon . gent . and his friends on the other side of the house argued . They were content to leave the proposition thus : `` something ought to be done on the Peninsula : we censure you for having done wrong , but will not shew where and how you could have done right . '' The noble lord who brought forward this subject , had stated , that Portugal and the possession of the port of Lisbon were not objects