Waggon Train ; and the terms of agreement were , that Mrs. Clarke should be paid 500l . upon capt . Tonyn 's majority being gazetted . In order to secure this payment it was arranged , that the amount should be lodged in the hands of a third person , as agent to the parties , and this agent was a Mr. J. Donovan , a surgeon , of Charles-street , St. James's-square . As I shall have frequent occasion to introduce this gentleman 's name to-night , and may be obliged to resort to him hereafter , it seems right that I should present the house with some information about him . It appears that Mr. Donovan was appointed a lieutenant in the 4th Royal Garrison Battalion in the year 1802 , and that he was afterwards promoted to the Battalion . What the cause of this appointment and promotion was I have endeavoured to ascertain , but without success . I have however found , that the services of Mr. Donovan could not have been of a military nature . In fact , since the day of his appointment in 1802 , he has never joined his regiment . But there seems to be seme reason for granting him a perpetual leave of absence , as he has been on constant duty in London . This gentleman was a member of the medical department of our army in the American war . If he deserved promotion , surely our medical staff is large enough to provide for him . What then could have taken him into the army ? But to return to his pursuits in London— The 500l . lodged with this gentleman was paid to Mrs. Clarke , by capt . Huxley Sandon , as soon as major Tonyn was gazetted . Here it becomes necessary to observe to the house , that the regulated difference between a Company and a Majority is 1,100l . which should have been appropriated as I before mentioned . But how does the affair stand ? Mrs. Clarke gains 500l . and 1,100l . are lost to the Half-pay Fund . This sum , however , of 500l . was paid by Mrs. Clarke to a Mr. Birket , a silversmith , in part payment for a service of plate for the establishment in Glouces- 183 ter-place ; the balance for which plate was afterwards paid by h. r. h. the Commander in Chief . The positions which I hold to be clearly deducible from this case are these— First , that Mrs. Clarke possessed the power of military promotion . Secondly , That she received pecuniary consideration for such promotion . And thirdly , That the Commander in Chief was a partaker in the benefit arising from such pecuniary consideration . To establish the truth of this case , I have the following witnesses ; — Major Tonyn , Mrs. Clarke , Mr. Donovan , capt . Huxley Sandon , and Mr. Birket 's Executors . The second Case I have to adduce relates to the subject of exchanges . Upon the 25th of July 1805 , an exchange was concluded between lieut.-col. Brooke , of the 56th regt . of infantry , and lieut.-col. Knight , of tile 5th dragoon guards , through the influence of Mrs. Clarke . The agent for negotiating this transaction was a Mr. Thynne , a medical gentleman . The circumstances of the application to the duke of York were shortly these ; Mrs. Clarke wanted some money to defray the expences of an excursion in the country ; she therefore urged the Commander in Chief to expedite the exchange , as she was to receive 200l . for it . This urgent request was made upon a Thursday , and its influence was such that the exchange was actually gazetted upon the Saturday following . Mrs. Clarke in consequence received.200l . from the agent . This case then serves to shew— first , that , in addition to promotions , exchanges were also at the disposal of Mrs. Clarke ; and secondly , that the purse of the Commander in Chief