taken of it either in the Speech or the Address ; I mean the present state of our relations with the United Stales of America . The noble lord who moved the Address has indeed stated , that the embargo was advantageous to this country . Without entering at length into the discussion of the question , there is one thing of which I entertain no doubt , that it is to the measures of the British government that we owe the embargo , and that it was laid on in America in contemplation of our Orders in Council . If there ever could be any doubt upon this subject , that doubt was completely removed in the month of July last , when it was proposed by the government of the United States , that the embargo , in as far as it regards us , should be taken off , provided our Orders in Council were rescinded . From that time , therefore , a new era commenced , at which the embargo began ( if it was not so before ) to be the effect of our own choice ; and so far from its being a measure advantageous to his country , I am prepared to shew Vol . XII . 18 when the proper time for the discussion arrives , that instead of being advantageous , it is extremely injurious to our interests , and will prove still more detrimental than past experience has shewn it to be , if it is continued . But even the interruption which it has occasioned to the commercial intercourse between the two countries , though a great and serious evil , is not the only nor the worst mischief with which it is pregnant . The wish to maintain mutual relations of peace and amity , is , I believe , the prevalent sentiment among the people , both of this country and America ; but I am afraid that the government of neither of the two countries corresponds with the popular sentiment . I am ready to acknowledge , that the government of the United States has , in more instances than one , manifested a considerable partiality to the side of France . But I can not , on the other hand , acquit the British government of a want of fairness in its proceedings towards America . The people of this country , I am firmly persuaded , desire nothing more than to live at peace with America ; but I am as firmly persuaded , that the intention of the king 's government is to drive things to extremity with America . I know that there are some persons amongst us who are mad enough to believe , that a rupture between tile two countries is an event rather to be desired than deprecated . They think , that were such a case to happen , we should sweep every ship from the seas , and monopolize the commerce of the world . Wild imagination ! Who does not know that commerce is most desirable when the advantages of it are mutual , and that it can only thrive by reciprocity ? But , supposing that it was desirable that we should engross the whole commerce of the world , are we likely to attain our object by compelling other nations to renounce the use of our manufactures , and to refuse to supply us with their commodities ? I say I believe it to be the intention of government to force matters to a rupture with America ; for , if this were not their intention , would they have neglected , as they have done , the opportunity which occurred in the course of the season of effecting a compleat and cordial reconciliation ? But , instead of embracing this opportunity with eagerness , in the insultins and sophistical answer written by his Majesty 's foreign secretary of state , a principle is laid down still more objectionable than any which they had formerly profes 19 sed , and which is no other than this—that whatever acts of injustice may be committed