that house , the common course was , that complaints of breach of privilege took precedence of all other discussions . When the consideration and rank of the party accused were taken into the account , he thought , however , a great deal of latitude and indulgence should be allowed . For these reasons , as well as those which had been stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer— here interfered , and stated , that it was contrary to the usage of the house to enter into any discussion on notices given . There was , perhaps , some little irregularity in introducing a notice with observations , but there never could be discussion upon a mere notice of a motion to be made on a future day . rose to make some observations on what had fallen on a former night , from an hon . member ( Mr. W. Smith ) , whom he was sorry not to see then in his place , upon a subject that it would have been his duty to have answered him on that slight , if he had then been in the house . Fie could not help saying , that the topic alluded to was one of those that ought not upon light grounds to be stated to the house . Although it was supposed that nothing was repeated that passed in that house , yet the fact was well known , that what was stated in that house was not only read in this but hi other countries , and the common enemy could derive great advantage from any thing which Could tend to make jealousies between his majesty and his allies . The statement of the hon . member was , as he was informed , that the Sicilian government and nation were in such a state that it was our duty to propose something of political regeneration to them . He could assure the house , that there existed the most cordial good understanding and co-operation between the government of this country and the Sicilian government , as also between the armies of the two countries . Our officers regulated almost all their military operations , and it was understood that if 1141 there was any attack , the British commander in chief should have also under his command the Sicilian army , which was very respectable in point of numbers . This was a mark of confidence which few other foreign nations ever reposed in us . He therefore thought it might be of dangerous consequences for our allies to hear themselves in a manner reviled in the British parliament . He was sure that the hon . member could not have been perfectly aware of the mischief which such a statement might have produced , or he would not have mentioned the matter publicly in that house . rose pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the Bankrupt Laws . In bringing this subject before the house , he rested not merely upon the notice which he had given ; but also upon what he had stated to the house three years ago . He then said , that ail he proposed to do was , to render the system less defective , and not to free it from all objection . He repeated the same thing now : some indeed had been so struck with the many glaring defects of the system that they thought it ought to be abolished , and a new one substituted in its place . But he confessed that he had not sufficient confidence in himself to undertake such an Herculean labour , and all he could do was , to attempt to reform some of the most obvious defects of the system.—The first defect to which he would call the attention of the house was this ; that a trader , after giving up all he possessed in the world to his creditors , was still liable for many debts , the proof of which could not be received under the commission . This was the