his evidence on the subject , be it whatever it might . said , he saw no difference between a jury and the members of that house , as he thought no member would give his judgment without having examined the papers carefully with his own eyes , and after he had so done , he believed there was not a member who would not give his opinion in preference to his own eye-sight , before that of this witness , or any other who formed his judgment from the same basis . said he came prepared to make the same objection , in which he had been anticipated by the hon . gent . below him ; and he must observe generally , as to this kind of evidence , that whenever it had been resorted to , it was always in the case of its being the best evidence that could be obtained on the subject . Mrs. C. had given a direct testimony , and if gentlemen would seriously and carefully attend to the whole of her 850 evidence , it would appear to be as correct , fair and honourable a testimony as could be given . Four gentlemen of honour had been examined on the point in question , who all agreed that it was so like the Duke of York 's hand-writing , that they believed it to be his.—With respect to the doctrine of being allowed to prove any thing by a comparison of hands , the last case which had been determined on the subject , was at Maidstone . It was that of Jackson v. Cator , for a libel ; and Mr. Garrow , for the plaintiff called evidence such as this to prove that the libel was written in a feigned or suppositious hand , and that there was a similarity between this feigned hand and that of the defendant Cator . The noble lord then read an extract from the speech of lord Ellenborough , who was then Attorney-general , and counsel for the defendant , by which it appeared , that he said he was not desiring the court not to go the length of judges in the worst of times , but only the judges who were then administering the laws of the land . He referred to the case of Revett and Braham , which had been quoted by the right hon . gent . opposite , being the trial at bar he had mentioned , and shewed that that case had afterwards been reversed by lord Kenyon . The witness was asked whether he could say the libel was like the hand-writing of Cator , but lord Kenyon would not allow him to answer the question , because , he said , that comparison of hands was no evidence . And in a similar case , which came to be heard before Mr. Justice Yates , that most upright and learned judge held expressly the same doctrine , and said he did not know any case where comparison of hands could be admitted . In an indictment for forgery , a person who had seen the party write might be admitted to prove it , but not by a comparison on a similarity of hands . There was also submitted by lord Ellenborough to the court the case of the seven bishops , in which chief justice Jefferys and another judge were willing to receive such evidence , and Mr. justice Powell and another were against it , which shewed that the lawyers even of that day never thought it right to prove forgery by a comparison of hands . Mr. Baron Hotham 's decision in the case of Jackson and Cator , and in which he rejected the doctrine laid down in Revett and Braham , was an authority which compelled him to acquiesce entirely in the opinion of that learned judge . The solicitor for the plaintiff , in 851 the case of Jackson and Cator , was prepared to take down a host of inspectors from the Post-office , to prove the libel was in a feigned hand . The defendant