When gen. Moore arrived first at Salamanca , he had reason to expect that Buonaparté would have directed his force against the British troops , rather than against Madrid : and there was great reason to hope every thing from the spirit , which , according to gen. Hope 's report , whose column had passed through Madrid , was prevalent in that city . They shewed every symptom of the greatest zeal and energy . He admitted that there was more languor in the northern provinces , but Castile had always been that part of Spain that had distinguished itself most in every patriotic ebullition . After the march of the army from Salamanca , the only object was to draw off the force of the enemy from pushing his conquests to 1084 the South , and surely never was a diversion more completely effected . It had left the whole south of Spain free , and given it a repose for six weeks or two months . When sir John Moore had suspended his retreat , his subsequent march to Sahagun and Saldanah was not proceeded upon on mere abstract grounds . Sir John Moore had received a letter , intercepted by a corps of cavalry , to which his hon . relative ( gen. Stewart ) belonged ; the letter was Berthier 's , promising reinforcements to Soult , but when he had got to Sahagun , and discovered that Buonaparté was bearing down on him from Madrid , he then had no option but to retire on Astorga , at the same time that he felt no doubt , that if he could have come upon Soult , the result would have been worthy of his great character.—He could not conclude without adverting to that , part of the right hon . gent . 's speech , that seemed to imply that out losses in Spain had been more than what had been stated by his hon . relation ; he believed that statement would be found to be correct ; as to the artillery , he denied that the French got a single piece : what could not be carried off had been spiked ; there was certainly a trifling escort with a few pieces of artillery on their way to Romana 's army ; this he apprehended had fallen into their hands , and it was of those they had so vaunted . He ridiculed the notion of our military character being lost in consequence of the late reverses , and asked if the disgraces of Vimiera and Corunna were to be blotted from the memories of Englishmen ? If , however , they were anxious for inquiry , they might go into a Committee that would occupy them three months ; but nothing was a greater mistake , than the supposition that those who called for inquiry , meant that they wanted information ( Hear ! ) . He left it with confidence to the house to say , whether any case had been made out to justify the motion of the right hon . gent . ; and where no case was made out no enquiry could be called for . observed , that there never was a speech which called so much for animadversion as that which the noble lord had just closed . The noble lord said that there was no prima facie case against ministers . There were , however , few men in England who would agree with him in that opinion ; there would not one , he believed , be found to agree with the noble lord , if the whole country were to be polled 1085 over . The prima facie case was this ; that England had sent out to Spain an array of 53,000 men , and that they had returned again under the fire of the French cannon ! What had this army done in the peninsula that had not been undone ? If he had eloquence sufficient he might describe in glowing terms the victories of sir A. Wellesley in Portugal ; but the prima facie case was , that ,