, that whenever the conduct of his noble relation came before that Committee , the fullest and the most rigid inquiry into that conduct should at all times have his most cordial support . Indeed , he never should shrink from not only inquiry into that , but into all that either his noble relation , himself , or the marquis of Cornwallis , had done , even from the time of the year 1782 . That our East India settlements had been most considerably extended , he did not think to constitute in itself a serious accusation , but he was fully prepared to prove to the Committee , whenever they would go into it , that the extension of our dominions had not been owing , as it had been presumed , to any aggression on our part ; neither had they been undertaken with any view 1038 of ambitious aggrandizement . Whether and how far they were to be followed up , would be a question of a very different nature . It was certain , that war was in no country so expensive as in the East Indies . Since the peace of Deccan , concluded by him in 1803 , there had not been in that province the slightest symptom of a tendency to hostilities . With respect to the Exposition , he thought that every paper relating to it ought to be produced . He wished the Exposition to have fair play , and it should be the intention of the Committee to give the details of all matters of Exposition . He could only say , with respect to the propriety of his own appointment , that if the house should think proper to add his name to that Committee , he never would oppose any question with respect to India , and he would ; in every respect , discharge his duty with impartiality , and to the best of his abilities . in explanation , denied that he had made any personal objections whatever to the gallant general , his objection was generally to those filling official situations . regretted that it was so often his misfortune to differ from gentlemen in that house upon the subject of East India affairs . He did think that the oppressions arising from the abuses of power by Buonaparte , were not greater nor more unjustifiable than those practised by the British government in India , and there had been a time when those opinions were more generally maintained , and more openly avowed , than they now certainly were . He was therefore at all times anxious for inquiry the most strict , which to he so ought to be the most impartial . He had no personal objection to any hon . member of that . Committee , but he was sure that any member being personally unobjectionable , was not therefore a sufficient reason why he might not be objectionable on the score of partiality . was satisfied that there was nothing personal meant in the objection taken by his hon . friend , to the propriety of admitting the hon . general to a place in the Committee . The objection referred to official capacity only , and he did think the objection in this point well grounded . With respect to precedent , as alluded to by the hon . general , he was one of those who thought that forty precedents together could never sanction error . So far was he from thinking that the precedent of appointing informed per- 1039 sons should only be adhered to , that he thought that the house in nominating persons to this Committee , should rather look for impartiality with the means of obtaining information , than partiality , however fully possessed of that information , for in his experience he never met with many free from bias . He did not mean improper or corrupt bias , but that tendency to decide according to one 's wishes ; in the case of a common jury it was surely a matter of recommendation , that they were wholly ignorant of the