in former times in the western world , and by ourselves so very lately , on Spain and on Denmark . He contended that there existed a contradiction between the king 's speech and the reasoning employed by the right hon . secretary , when called upon to give up Spain . It was not true that Buonaparté required of us , in his first communication , the abandonment of Spain as a preliminary . For it was stated by him after he had received the communication from our government . The first communication which came from the enemy was , in his opinion , perfectly unexceptionable in . its manner and style . He could not conceive any thing more respectful than the note of count Romanzoff The right hon . gent , had before refused the offer of the mediation of Russia , on two grounds ; first , he had required that a specified basis should be stated upon which the negociation was to be founded ; and secondly , be positively refused to send another plenipotentiary to Paris . In the late overture , both those objections were removed ; for count Romanzoff did propose as a specific basis , the status quo , or any other basis that ministers should prefer , and as to the place of negotiation , it was left entirely 224 to his majesty to send his plenipotentiaries to any town he should chuse on the continent of Europe , where the emperors of France and Russia also engaged to send their plenipotentiaries . The right hon . gent , had no right , then , to treat the emperor of Russia with that severity which he had done in his answer . If the emperor of Russia was in a degraded situation , the right hon . gent , should have considered what were the causes which had brought him to that state of degradation . It was to be traced to that fatal and disastrous coalition of 1805 , which , by its ill concerted projects , prostrated the strength and resources of the continental powers . Did he forget the negociations at Tilsit , and the memorable transactions which followed in the north of Europe ? Such events , in his opinion , accounted for the hostile feeling of Russia to Great Britain , and for its dependence on France . The right hon . gent , should have remembered that act of the present government against Denmark , which had given the most just and serious grounds of offence to Russia . The form of the communication which was now under consideration , was certainly not usual till very lately ; but , surely , there was nothing disrespectful in the letter signed , `` Alexander—Napoleon '' , nothing that called for the very pointed insult with which it had been met . There had been two instances before , when unfortunately , direct proposals of peace made by Buonaparté to the king , had been made in vain . Every body remembered , and almost every body now deeply regretted , the manner in which the first overture of that nature had been rejected . However highly he respected the noble lord ( Grenville ) who was then the secretary for foreign affairs , his opinion of that transaction remained the same now as it was at that time . Experience , and the evidence of facts , were then the burden of the song . Heavy , indeed , was the song , and he feared it was a knell which sounded the doom of the country . He could see nothing at all disrespectful in the letter of the two emperors . There was , indeed a sentence somewhat perplexed , one which the right hon . gent , appeared to have entirely misunderstood , respecting maritime commerce . This sentence , however , afforded no pretence to justify a studied insult to either of the emperors . The right hon . gent , was not bound to have gone out of his way to let the emperor Alexander know , that there would