, however , come , when the house should call on ministers to render an account of the use which they had made of the immense power which had been put into their hands , —power , which , perhaps , if wisely used , might have had the most glorious events . He should rejoice much to find that ministers could clear themselves from any charge of mismanaging the resources of the country , and prove that all the disasters which had recently happened , had proceeded only from that course of events , which was beyond their control . If , however , these disasters should appear to proceed from the misconduct of ministers , he thought the house should demand condign punishment on their heads . He could not blame the ministers for sending a British force , in the first instance , to co-operate with the Spaniards ; but since then they had had time enough to consider , whether the sending of a British army into Spain was likely to be of any service ; or whether , on the contrary , the retreat of it would not do a positive mischief , by disheartening the Spanish Patriots . It was now doubtful whether we had not been proceeding on false information all along , both with respect to Spain and Portugal . Were our troops agreeable to the people of Portugal , or were we not obliged to keep a certain force there , for the purpose of keeping the people quiet , that is , to strike terror into our friends instead of the enemy ? Were our troops , or 66 were they not , welcome to the people of Spain ? He had reason to doubt also that fact . It was fit that the country should know it , and he was fearful that a multitude of Spaniards wished success to Buonaparté , rather than to us . We were not now so sure as we formerly thought ourselves , of the feelings of Spain ; we were not perfectly content with the reception which we had met with in the different provinces of that country . The marquis de Romana complained of the reception which the inhabitants of the north gave to the French troops , which made it seem as if they would be well content that the French should conquer . Although we must condemn the ambition and injustice of Buonaparté in his attack upon Spain , yet the means which he pursued for the attainment of his object were extremely judicious . He abolished the Inquisition , feudal rights , and unequal taxation . This was certainly holding out some temptation to the people to acquiesce in the changes which he wished to introduce . Buonaparté 's promise of amelioration had unquestionably produced a great temporary effect , although he might do as he pleased hereafter , and was likely enough to be faithless to his promise : in the mean time , the promise had the same effect as if he were sincere in it , since the people believed that he would ameliorate their condition ; whereas , the government of England was not connected with any thing like a promise of the reform of any of the evils of the old government , nor with any thing like an amelioration of the condition of the people of Spain . He knew he might be accused of a feeling which he did not feel most assuredly , that of a wish to aid the cause of the enemy by these observations , by raising a clamour against the war , but he must take upon himself all the inconveniences of that risk by stating these things ; he felt it to be his duty to state them on the first day of the session , and to speak out as he felt.— As to the Address , there were some parts which had his concurrence , and some which had not , although he did not mean to move any amendment . He had no objection to that part of the Address which pledged