to promote the glory and interest of the country . Well , then , sir A. Wellesley was appointed , and the ultimate destination of the expedition was Portugal . And here it is necessary to pause and consider what the grounds were which could have ultimately led to the destination of the expedition to that part of the peninsula . There was nothing in the possession of Portugal itself ; nothing in the possession of the port of Lisbon , as a source of immediate succour to the 901 Spaniards ; nothing connected with the real interests of our faithful ally , the queen of Portugal , or of her subjects in Portugal , that could point out , much less justify , that destination . For , I will beg of the house to consider , that of all the calamities that can be inflicted upon a country , whether an ally or not , the conquest of it by a power that is not able to retain it , is the greatest ; and for this reason , because it is thereby exposed to all the calamities and horrors of two revolutions . Such an operation subjects a country to all those calamities , of which the immediate evil inflicted by : the hand of the conqueror is the least , for it never fails to draw out all the lurking vices that are often concealed in the bosom of society ; and to bring all those dormant bad qualities into pray , which never fail to accompany and aggravate the convulsions of a country . These are evils which are inflicted even by a change from good ; to better ; but how much more must they be encreased when the change is from bad to worse ! I therefore can not , on any of these grounds , approve of the expediency of selecting Portugal as the destination of the expedition , and the scene of our first operations . Such an assistance this country could not be called upon to afford ; neither was Portugal inclined to require it ; and such was the only assistance we could give to Portugal independent of Spain . But , unfortunately , it is not a question of doubtful speculation . We now see the expediency of conquering Portugal independent of Spain ; and we now have been taught that it is not on the Tagus that Buonaparté was to be restrained in his pursuits . In the progress of his unlimited schemes of ambition , it is not to momentary triumphs , to the eclat of public rejoicing , or to the firing of Park guns ( hear ! hear ! ) that his exertions are directed . But it is because he aims at ultimate advantage , and hopes for ultimate success and ultimate glory , that he looks with utter contempt at Portugal whilst he presses without cessation upon the provinces of Spain . Do I say , however , that there were no objects in Portugal which claimed our attention ? By no means . There was in that country a French army and in its port a Russian fleet . The capture of that army and the possession of that fleet were of the highest importance to this country , and it had fortunately so happened , that at the time we stood not only ourselves , but beheld the enemy , in such a relative situation , as we had never before the good for- 902 tune to witness . We saw a French army in a position in which it was cut off from ail means of assistance . It was situated in an unfriendly country . It was unexpectedly found to be so deprived of every succour by sea and laud , that there was every reason to hope , that British valour would have to measure its strength with an army nearly equal in number , an opportunity which , unfortunately , it had seldom had . Every man who looked to the French army in Portugal might say that , whatever should be the fate of the