the kingdom to combat with success the common enemy ? Had we not gained a national military character by our conduct ? And , though our loss was considerable , was it not less than , that which we had sustained on our former less glorious campaigns ? The honour which the British army had gained in Spain , by raising its character , had done more than all the plans which had been or could be devised for giving facilities to the recruiting of that army . The hon . gent . had not shewn any ground for the motion which he had submitted to the house ; in his opinion it would tend only to paralise the country , and he therefore felt himself bound to vote against it . observed , that the hon . gent . who ' had just sat down , had given rather a singular reason for having approved of the campaign in Spain , namely , that it would facilitate the recruiting of the army . The noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) would , he believed , not be disposed to thank the hon . gent . for the compliment to his administration of the army contained in that observation . It was the opinion of the hon . gent . that the inquiry moved for would only tend to paralise the efforts of the country . It was his firm conviction , on the contrary , that the country was desirous , and parliament was bound to make inquiry into the recent failures in Spain : and for his own part he should not hesitate to declare , that whether his friends were in power or out of power , he should at all times be a strenuous advocate for the necessity of vigilant inquiry into the conduct of public affairs . He would have been glad , if such an inquiry had taken place in former wars . Had the Expeditions to Ferrol and the Redder been inquired into , they should not now have to regret the failures to which the motion referred . Instead , therefore , of the inquiry proposed paralising the efforts of the country , it would give to the parliament the confidence of the public . The object of the expedition had been the establishment of the Spanish Monarchy , and to drive the French army out of that country . Now , in spite of all the vigour and activity of the noble lord , instead of Buonaparté having been driven back to his own territory , and the whole of the Peninsula re- 1096 covered from his forces , his brother Joseph had been crowned at Madrid , and our army obliged to withdraw precipitately from Spain . Were not these circumstances that called for inquiry , and was parliament to he told that no such inquiry was necessary ? If they were to say that they would not go into the investigation , the nation would decide that they had no pretensions to occupy the situations they held as representatives of the people . expressed his satisfaction that he had not spoken when he first offered himself to the attention of the house , but that he had given way to the three successive members who had favoured the house with their sentiments , and to whom he felt himself under considerable obligation . To the gallant general near him , because he was now able to avail himself of that gallant officer 's authority , in support of some very important facts—to his hon . friend who followed , for the ability with which he had refuted the arguments of the right hon . gent . opposite—an ability , the display of which had afforded him the highest pleasure , and from which the presence of his hon . friend alone prevented him from declaring how much he still expected . To the noble lord he was also under obligation ; because , standing as the noble lord did , in so high a station in the country , and possessing , as he presumed he did , the