seemed to think that it was a point of false honour for which this government was contending ; in that he could not agree ; he was willing , however , as he had already stated , to yield something , though not as much as the hon . gent . The hon . gent . would give America diamonds for the purpose of conciliation , because he thought them counterfeits and pebbles ; but he ( Mr. S. ) would give them a portion of the same precious articles , under a due impression of their value . On other questions the house was called upon to decide before the necessary papers were laid before the house ; in this instance the necessary papers were long before them , though the hon . gent . did not take the trouble of assisting himself by an appeal to their contents ; nor had quoted a line of that Evidence the house had been collecting last session . It seemed as if it were the system of the opposite side to reject information altogether , and stand upon the ground of their own views and their own surmises . Information to them was what sand was to a balloon , taken in 1184 to be thrown out again , that the machine might ascend without obstruction ; they were sometimes in such haste that they would hunt before the hounds , and always had an objection to the incumbrance of any information which might make against the cause they wished to be successful . Instead of availing himself of the information on the table , the hon . gent . had adverted to certain prophecies which he stated to have been falsified . Before he came to the evidence , he would glance at these prophecies . Some of them he would leave to those who heard them . But when it was said that it had been prophecied that our trade would increase after the Orders in Council , he must say , that this prophecy , instead of being falsified , had been most amply fulfilled . The hon . gent hid not condescended to look at the situation in which our trade was before the Orders in Council had been issued . He said that our Commerce had flourished in spite of the Berlin Decree ; but it was to be wished that the hon . gent . had looked at the evidence in order to see how it stood before and after the Berlin Decree . He was sorry that , by omitting this , the hon . gent . had imposed on him the task of trying the patience of the house.—Mr . Stephen then proceeded to read several extracts from the testimony of Mr. Wm . Hall , Mr. Molling , and other witnesses , to shew the mischief which had been done to our Commerce , and that of neutrals , by the Berlin Decree , which was represented as never having been acted upon at all . These passages went to prove , that our trade with the continent was at a stand subsequent to the Decree , and previous to the issuing of the Orders in Council . This part of the case was most important , because , from the gross misrepresentations that had been circulated on the subject , an impression seemed to have been produced in America , that our commerce had not suffered any material diminution from the operation of the Berlin Decree . Owing to this circumstance the Americans were not properly aware of the strength of the ground upon which our Orders rested . The whole reliance of America was on the non-execution of the Berlin Decree , and the argument was , that as the Decree had not been executed with regard to America , we ought not to retaliate upon her . This was a complete mistake , as to the fact . As a proof of this , he referred to the evidence , where it appeared , that in consequence of 1185 the Berlin Decree , even in the direct trade between