if these who had the means of judging should have found it adviseable , of driving the French from the Ebro ; and the complete success of that attempt might have spared the necessity of actually landing at Cadiz or Gibraltar , though still always keeping those fortresses in view , in case of being overpowered by numbers . Consistent with that , yon might , as was even still more evident , have prosecuted your designs on Portugal , though in a different manner and with different views . If the object was not , as was now described , to get Junot out of Portugal upon any terms ; even upon those of removing him , through the medium of our disgrace , into Spain ; but to destroy or render captive a French army , then , instead of the sort of predatory desultory excursion on which the hon . general was employed , why not send a full and competent portion of the force destined to be collected in the South , so as to have proceeded to their destination through Portugal , and to have swept off Junot in their way ? A force raised to the greatest possible amount to which the mind and means of the country , —then elevated above itself and exalted to something of a preternatural greatness , ( majorgue videtur , nec mortale sonuns ) —could have carried it , should have been placed in Spain in a situation , the only one which the country afforded , where it would have been safe from the risk of total loss or capture , and would not have been kept down by the idea , that the deposit was too great for the country to hazard—This should have been the great foundation , the 1113 base line , of the plan of the campaign . On this the country might have given a loose to ail its exertions , with the consolatory reflection , that the greater its exertions the greater its security , the more it made its preparations effectual to their purpose , the less was the risk at which it acted . From this , other operations might have branched , out indifferent directions , as circumstances pointed out . It was scandalous that nothing had ever been done to assist our friends or to annoy our enemies on the east side of Spain , where to a power having the complete command at sea the finest opportunities were presented , and had been most unaccountably neglected . The history of the campaign to the east , which presents nothing but one universal blank , was one of the parts of this most miserably conducted business for which the ministers could least set up any excuse . It seemed to have been total neglect and forgetfulness . They forgot that there was such a coast as the Eastern coast of Spain ; that it was accessible every where to our ships , placed as the high road for the entry of troops from France , inhabited by the race of men , who fought at Gerona and Saragossa ; and on the other hand , that we had a large army doing nothing in Sicily , or who , if we were to attempt to employ them where they were , must be employed in worse than nothing . For all operations in this quarter of Spain , Gibraltar afforded the most marked facilities . With a large army stationed in the South , the enemy could never know what detachments we were slipping out behind us , nor with what descents they might be threatened in their rear or on their flanks . The army need never have been idle ; nor , what was hardly less advantageous , need never be supposed to be idle.—One general consequence resulting from a station , where an army might have been assembled really worthy of the cause and of the country , and whose utility would have been apparent and striking , was , that it would have given us an ascendency in the Spanish councils , highly