advert to what might be the consequence , it the whole of them was found in the same state.—Besides this , he should call upon the house to consider well before they , by adopting such a measure , put . it in the power of the crown to continue or discontinue an act , putting Ireland on a footing with G. Britain , and thereby infringing the act of union.—The right hon . baronet concluded an eloquent and impressive speech , by stating , he had felt it his duty to submit these matters to their consideration , and by assuring them , that they had such weight upon his mind as would induce him to vote for the amendment proposed . supported the present Bill . Clonmel , the capital of the county which he represented , no doubt was against the bill , but other 14 or 15 towns in the same county supported it . did not believe potatoes had been cheaper in Ireland for many years than during the present . He must , therefore , be excused in voting against the inclinations of his constituents of Clonmel . was clearly of opinion that colonial interests should at all times yield to those of the native country ; but at the same time , he could not so separate the interests of the countries , as to say that England should be said to have no sufficient supply , while Ireland had . It appeared to him to be a matter of great risk to make two laws , one for one part of the country , and the other for the other . said lie was of opinion last year , there was not a sufficient quantity of food in Ireland for the demands on her . He was of a different opinion as to the present period ; although the prices were high in Dublin , he was convinced there was more than a sufficiency to supply any demands that could be made on her.—He was well aware , if the distillers were not allowed to go on 1049 in their usual course , they would go on privately , and defraud the revenue of the country . said that the arguments in favour of the measure proposed were not satisfactory . As to the price of corn , its inequality could not long exist , from the proximity of the two countries . The result to the revenue would be very different from that stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , for what was distilled in Ireland could be brought over to England , as the officers who would accept a bribe to permit illicit distillery , would take one in any other case , and Ireland would become a second Dunkirk to Guernsey and Jersey . This measure had affected the price both of grain and sugar ; for since its introduction , sugar had fallen in price , and grain had advanced . He concluded , by saying he would vote in favour of the amendment . called the attention of the house to the petition he had presented , and expressed the effect the measure had had upon Lancaster . Considering the state of the continent , our military operations , the little probability of peace , the situation of the Baltic , and America , he would support the amendment . said , on account of the clause putting it in their power to prohibit the use of grain being introduced , he would vote for the measure . supported the amendment . objected to the bill altogether ; any interference of parliament tended to increase the price of grain . said , that the knowledge of its being in the power of government to stop the distilling from corn at pleasure , would only increase their exertions in Ireland , to use the privilege while they had it . said , that he should certainly not support this measure , if he imagined that Yorkshire , or any other part of the united kingdom would , by the operation of it , be deprived of any