by the enemy , gives us a right to commit acts of injustice equal in degree and extent , under the pretence of retaliation—a principle in itself so horrible and absurd , that there is nothing so criminal or extravagant that it would not sanction . In all their former definitions of retaliation the acquiescence of the neutral was supposed as indispensible to authorize the exercise of it : but in this letter the doctrine is broadly laid down , that whatever the enemy does you have a right to do also . Upon this principle you might send an army to dethrone the king of Sweden , and to place one of the princes of the blood royal of England upon his throne , because ; Bonaparte has dethroned the king of Spain , and given the crown to his brother . In short , were this principle once generally admitted , there could be nothing sacred among men . The proposition of America , it ought also to be recollected , went farther than to hold out a prospect merely of repealing the embargo . It went so far as to say , that if you would rescind your Orders in Council , not only should the embargo be taken off but the American government would , in the case of France refusing to follow your example , have made common cause with you against the common enemy . And you have rejected all the advantages of commerce , peace and alliance , rather than retract an act of injustice of which you have been guilty ! This is a subject which merits the serious consideration of the House , and though it is not mentioned in the Speech , it is of such importance , that an ample and full discussion of it in the course of the session you will find unavoidable ; but as it is not my intention to move any amendment to the Address , I shall not at present press it farther upon the attention of your lordships.—There is really , my lords , very little of the Address in which I can concur . And I can not omit the present opportunity of entering my protest , in particular , against that part of it which thanks his Majesty for renewing his engagements with the Spanish government , for to this hour I did not know that any engagements did exist . I was willing to give ministers credit for at least avoiding ; in the present precarious situation of Spain , to tie themselves down by any stipulations , by which our policy might in future be embarrassed . It is therefore with the most poignant grief that I find , not only that such engagements 20 have been entered into , but that they are to be ratified by a solemn treaty . Upon the negociation it would be premature to deliver any opinion , till the papers containing the correspondence are before the House . I must , however , be permitted even now to observe , that his Majesty 's Declaration is at variance with the Speech , respecting the ground upon which the correspondence was broken off . In the I Declaration the rupture was ascribed to the refusal of Buonaparté to abandon his views upon Spain , and in the Speech it is attributed to the resolution of the British government not to abandon its ally . AH I shall now say is , that the demand was unreasonable for either party to make . But let me not be misunderstood . I do not mean to say , nor do I think , that peace was at all attainable ; and from the time that the first propositions arrived from Erfurth , I was uniformly of this opinion . If the Uti possidetis was proposed as a basis of negotiation , such a basis was , under all the circumstances , most absurd ; for at that very time , it implied , that we should retain possession of Portugal , of which we were then in possession , and that Buonaparté should keep