their lordships . The Address was so framed , that it could not have the effect of committing any one in the way of approbation of those measures , which ministers 22 had felt it to be their duty to adopt during he recess . In the first place , with regard to the affairs of Spain , the Address only rent to give his Majesty a general assurance of support , in maintaining the cause of that nation as long as they proved true to themselves . In what way this support ad been given , or how it was to be in future administered , would be a subject of distinct and detailed consideration ; nor would the House , by now agreeing to the Address , pledge themselves to approve of those particular engagements which had been contracted . All that they were now called upon to do was , to record a public avowal of their determination not to desert that cause which the government and the country had espoused , and that they will not be so far dismayed by those reverses which had been experienced , and which were from the beginning to be expected , as to renounce that system of support to which both his Majesty and the nation were most solemnly pledged , and in which it was , in consequence of these reverses , even become a more sacred duty to persevere . Those who inferred that the cause was desperate , from those disasters which had already happened , reasoned upon a most contracted and imperfect view of the relative situation of the parties engaged in the contest ; and he intreated those who were inclined to despond , before they gave way to their fears , to consult the records of history , and to review those instances of nations who had been compelled to struggle for their independence in circumstances similar to those in which the Spaniards were now placed . There it would be found , that nations , after maintaining struggles for ten or twenty years , in the course of which they had been almost uniformly worsted in battle , had eventually succeeded , in spite of the triumphs of their adversaries , in securing the object for which they contended . It was difficult to conceive any situation which would better warrant hopes of ultimate success , than that of Spain at this day . The people were unanimous in their resistance to the invader ; and it was the only instance since the French revolution , in which a whole people had taken up arms in their own defence . The territory of Spain was as large as that of France within its ancient limits , and the country possessed many local advantages which were extremely favourable to its defence ; advantages the value of which the Spanish history in former times ought to teach us 23 duly to appreciate . The noble lord might , indeed , say , that if their advantages , both physical and moral , were so great , the Spaniards ought to be left to themselves . Ought we , then , to risk nothing where so much was at stake ? The success of the enemy had , in many cases , been nearly in proportion to his risk ; and because he had gained a great deal by risking much , where we have much to gain , ought we to risk nothing ? The cause in itself was most interesting to the best feelings of the human mind—it offered the last chance of salvation to the continent of Europe ; and , taken in a more contracted and selfish point of view , our own immediate security was in some measure involved in its fate . He asked , then , if nothing was to be risked in support of a generous ally ; if nothing was to be risked for the re-establishment of the general tranquillity ; in fine , if nothing was to be risked for our own safety and independence ? —With regard to the measures which had been already