of the number , of which the Committee was composed . Hence it became necessary for him to state briefly the grounds , upon which he was induced to recommend this reduction . The hon . gent , who filled the chair of that Committee last session ( Mr. Bankes ) would be ready to admit , that the idea of reducing the number of which the Committee had originally consisted , had been adopted on his suggestion . That hon . gent , had stated it as his opinion at the close of the last session , that , with a view to dispatch in the proceedings of the Committee , it was necessary to diminish the number of its members . If that dispatch could be attained without any sacrifice of that useful and necessary deliberation , which was essential to the due and faithful performance of the duties confided to the Committee , it would necessarily be an object highly desirable to be accomplished . Undoubtedly , dispatch might be insured by the appointment of a Committee , all the members of which should be of one mind . But then , it was only by the conflict of different opinions and views upon the important questions , which should occupy the attention of the Committee , that any clear light upon the objects of their deliberation was to be expected . If the motion , therefore , which he was to submit , were to be in the hands of the gentlemen opposite , he was confident that they would not think of nominating any greater number of the gentlemen , who sat on their side of the House , than he meant to propose of those , who sat on his side , to be of the Committee . It was the uniform practice , in appointing Committees of this nature , to secure enlarged discussion , by procuring persons of different views , in order that the suggestion of those different views , by individual members , might lead to more enlightened decisions in the deliberations of the collective body . In attending to this object , and reducing the number of members of the Committee , he was aware of the inviduous task he had to perform , in making , a selection from the members of the former Committee . No- 116 thing could be more unpleasant than the discussion of individual qualifications , for the performance of such a duty as would belong to a member of such a Committee . That was a course , however , which it was not his intention to adopt , as amongst the names of the Committee he proposed to submit , he did not mean to recommend any one who had not been upon the former Committee . All he professed to do was to reduce the former Committee from twenty-five , of which it was last session composed , to fifteen , by leaving out ten of the former members . Even his hon . friend from whom the suggestion of the reduction had proceeded , would agree that it was not desirable that the Committee should consist of a less number than fifteen.—Before he should submit his first motion , that the Committee be reappointed , to which no objection could be made , he proposed to read over the list of names as he wished them to stand in the new Committee ; and on an examination of the list it would appear that , in the selection of those names , he had left out a greater number of those who , from political habits and individual opinions , had been more accustomed to vote on his side of the House , than of those who usually voted on the opposite side.—The right hon . gent , then read the list of fifteen , viz . Henry Bankes , esq . Henry Thornton , esq . J. H. Leigh , esq . lord Henry Petty , Henry Joddrell , esq . Isaac H. Browne , esq . Hon . Dennis Browne , R. M. Biddulph , esq . Richard