, that the main difficulty is removed towards our arriving at an adjustment . `` —I do not wish to ask for any improper information on this or any other subject ; but I think , on this occasion , I am entitled to ask the right hon . gent . whether he has made any communication of the alteration of his sentiments to the government of America . I hope he has . But if in that hope I am incorrect , let not a moment be lost in making such communication . If it has not already been made , I think he has been most culpably negligent of his duty . For the temper of the American Congress is manifest , and their resentment at the letter of the right hon . gent . is deeply rooted . As to the common place observations of those who have repealed , until they have established in their own minds the verity of that folly , that England can do without the rest of the world— they are easily disposed of . England has done , can do , and is doing wonders , but she can not perform impossibilities . It is impossible she can long 89 hold her present rank in the scale of nations without commerce , and if she has the misfortune to be at war with America , her commerce will be greatly endangered . I have thought much and deeply upon these subjects , and it has appeared to me to be my duty to call the attention of the house to them . I recommend them also to the most serious attention of his Majesty 's ministers . But above all let me express a hope , that if hereafter any offers should be made by America , they will be received in a more conciliatory manner ; and in a better temper than they have hitherto been , and . with prompt and perfect readiness to treat in the sincere and true spirit of peace for a reconciliation of all differences between two Empires , which the identity of customs , language , laws , and religion , ought ever to hold in the strictest bonds of amity . As to the address , I have no wish to oppose any part of it . It has of late been the general practice of ministers , in deference to the general feeling of the house , so to word the speech from the throne , as not to provoke any division on the address . This principle has not perhaps been sufficiently attended to in the present instance . I shall hereafter have occasion to touch on various topics embraced in this address , but for the present I shall rest satisfied with what I have already offered . had not intended to trouble the house with any observations upon this occasion , and should have contented himself with a silent vote , if it had not been for certain observations , which had been thrown out by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , with respect to the question between America and this country . That right hon . gent , had stated , that the British Orders in Council of the 11th Nov. 1807 had been the cause of the American embargo ; and , in support of that statement , quoted an assertion to that effect , contained in a late report from a committee of the American Congress , and the evidence of a respectable gentleman at the bar of the house last session , shewing , that he had communicated , by letter to America , the intention of the British government , to issue such Orders in Council . As to the first ground of the right hon . gent . 's statement , he had only to observe , that it had been declared , in the American legislature , by one of the most respectable members of that body , eminently distinguished for his eloquence , his attainments , and patriotism , Sir . Randolph , that ,