that was not the case , and that that course had been concerted between the Supreme Junta of Spain and sir John Moore . The hon . gent . had also said , that the commissariat was badly constituted , and the troops ill supplied . He declared , that as long as he had been with gen. Hope , which was during a march of near 1,000 miles , nothing could be more complete than the supplies afforded . Much had been said of the danger to which both corps were exposed by that under sir John Moore having marched by land to Spain from Portugal , whilst sir David Baird 's corps was landed at Corunna ; but the junction of sir John Moore and sir David Baird was not at first critical , though it afterwards became so in consequence of the defeat of Castanos . As to the loss sustained by the British army , he was still of the same opinion , as when he stated its amount to the house , and he was convinced that his statements 1094 would be borne out by the returns , that it did not amount to more than 5,000 men : but let the loss be what it might , the advantage to our army in the experience upon a large scale which they had acquired was incalculable , and would be most evident , should they ever have to encounter the enemy on our own shores . rose to express his dissent from the hon . gent . 's motion , as also from many of the sentiments uttered by the right hon . gent . who had spoken last but one ; and he particularly blamed that part of his speech , where he made use of expressions calculated to inflame the army , a flame which the right hon . gent . himself had so justly anticipated . He , therefore requested the attention of the house only for two moments , for which time only he would be disposed to divert the storm of eloquence which the right hon . gent . justly apprehended . [ Mr. Secretary Canning had twice offered himself to the house . ] —He could assure the house , that if he thought inquiry were necessary , he should not disapprove of it , and that he had no wish whatever to withhold from the public any information on a subject , in which they were so strongly interested . He was glad to find , that whatever difference existed as to the mode in which Spain had been assisted by this country , there was no variety of opinion as to the propriety of the assistance itself and he could not but regret that the hon . gentlemen opposite had not paid their tribute of applause to the promptitude with which that assistance had been afforded . The accusation of failure made by the hon . gentlemen opposite , came with a very bad grace from individuals whose administration was a succession of failures . That administration had attempted to bring about a peace , and the attempt had ended in a more rancorous war ; they had carried on war in a manner even worse than they had conducted their negotiation . The hon . gent . then contended that by the occurrences in Spain we had gained no trifling advantages ; we had given to our army experience , we had shewn to the eyes of Europe , and to the world , that we were as formidable by land as by sea ; we had taught the enemy to respect our military force , and to acknowledge that we possessed commanders who could vie with the titled minions of Buonaparté . The hon . gent . had said that we had done nothing . Was it nothing to gain the Spaniards that time which their situation de- 1095 manded ? Was it nothing , to afford them an opportunity of collecting their dispersed armies ? Was it nothing , by creating a powerful diversion , to allow them the means in another part of