after that allegation , be inclined to doubt his innocence , he states , that he hoped the house would not enter upon any proceeding which might have the effect of condemning him before he could have a trial , in which he would have the advantage of evidence under all the sanction and solemnity of the law . He was certain that h. r. h. had not the smallest intention to attack the privileges of the house ; and how the Letter could be conceived an attack on them , he could not conceive . That it was not wholly unprecedented , he contended was apparent from what the Speaker had stated on the preceding night . If any farther information could be obtained by means of a Committee searching for precedents , he should be extremely glad of it . The hon . gent . wanted to know whether he or any one of his right hon . friends , intended to move any thing on the subject . For his own part , he had no such intention , nor had he heard or understood that any one else had . The Letter was now become a document on the table , and like any other paper or 1055 petition which was ordered to lie there , might be referred to by every member of the house , and every individual who might refer to it , might make what remarks on it he pleased , or adopt any proceeding relative to it which he thought necessary . thought the questions of such extraordinary importance as to require the particular attention of the house , being , in his opinion , a direct attack on its privileges . He had not understood his hon . friend to object to the Letter , in as far as it contained an allegation of innocence , but in going beyond that allegation . It was subject to the obvious meaning or opinion , that no declaration could be come to by that house on the evidence laid before it , but such as would carry it out of the province of the house ; and when the Word `` condemned '' was considered , it was to be inferred that the house ought not to determine on the evidence laid before it , which was the only evidence that it could receive . He therefore thought , with his hon . friend , that the house had , by the vote of last night , permitted a Letter to be put on the table which was an attack on their privileges . said that he found , on an application to the printer of the Minutes , that he would not be able to have those which related to the Inquiry into the Conduct of the Commander in Chief , ready to deliver to the members of the house so soon as Monday next ; nor could he even answer for Tuesday or Wednesday . He thought , therefore , it would be necessary to enlarge the time beyond that which had been fixed for bringing up the report ; and as the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) was in possession of Monday se'nnight , he was at a loss how to fix so early a day as he could wish , unless the hon . gent . would agree to postpone his motion to a future day . The hon . gent . had already so frequently postponed it , that he hardly knew how to ask him again to do it ; but if he could with convenience , he should be obliged to him . After some conversation between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Whitbread , it appeared that as the assizes in Ireland were nearly approaching , and that many members from that part of the united kingdom , who wished to be present at the discussion of the American question , could not conveniently remain in town longer than Monday se'nnight , it was agreed that Mr. Whitbread 's motion should 1056 stand as it was already fixed , for