Buonaparté.— As to the general state of the war in Spain , unless ministers proceeded on the fact of the known enthusiasm of the country ; if they presumed to take that information on light grounds , they had been guilty of a crime of the deepest magnitude , being a course calculated above all others to produce the greatest calamities . In addition to accurate information on this subject , they should have been able to see that there would be 300,000 men in arms ; that all the passes were secured ; and that they would be able to fight with every advantage , not subject to the want of food , and that they would only have to fall , if they did fall , in the field of glory . If these things could not be ensured , then their duty was not to hare landed a single man , but to have supplied the Spaniards with arms and other necessaries , which might have produced a prolongation of the war . These were the only two 237 rational plans of proceeding ; instead of which ministers had contented themselves with sending only such a body of men as was sufficient to prevent disgrace to our arms , which the valour of our army could itself effect , but not enough to save the nation from an aching heart . They presumed , too , to trust the British character and honour on the rotten plank of the Spanish government , not excepting even the Inquisition . They had no right to do so ; there was no necessity for doing it . With respect to sending money to the Spaniards , it would have well become ministers , before they called for a supply from the exhausted pockets of the people , to have restored the millions of which Spain had been some years ago unjustly pillaged by the government of this country , and which had gone to his majesty under the name of Droits of the Admiralty . This would only have been a restitution of their own property , and while it aided the Spaniards , would have cleared the character of this country , and confirmed our former assertion , that we had seized on their money principally to prevent its going into the hands of BuonapartéHe confessed he should prefer to the amendment now proposed , an address to his majesty , requesting that he would order an inquiry into the grievances of which the public had to complain , and that , as an earnest of the reformation of abuses , ho would dismiss his present ministers from , his presence and councils . The house was called on for an Address of Thanks . He , for one , had no thanks to bestow ; kings were too much exposed to have adulation poured into their ear . It was the cause of the overthrow of too many of the thrones of Europe . We had not heard that any of the kings who had of late years ( alien under the dominion of Buonaparté were in want of courtiers . It was fit that the king of England should occasionally hear the truth from his commons , and no better opportunity than the present could possibly present itself . The secretary of state had objected to the idea of this being a sinking country lie ( .Mr . Canning ) might be rising , bat the country was sinking . He ( sir Francis Burdett ) was of that opinion , and there was too much ground to believe it would sink still lower , if a Reform did not speedily take place . denied that his majesty had drawn the sword to support the tyranny of the Inquisition , or any other ty- 238 ranny ; but on the contrary declared , that it had been drawn for the purpose of defeating the most atrocious of all possible tyrannies . He did net believe that there was a man in the house who would vote with the hon . gent , on the grounds stated by