used in that country , in clandestine distilleries , since June last , than had formerly been used in one year . Not one hogshead of sugar had been used ; and as the object of the Bill was avowedly for the purpose of consuming that article , therefore it had entirely failed , and Ireland ought to be exempted from its operation . It had been found , too , that it , had materially injured the revenue upon malt in Ireland ' . The result , indeed , had been , that the people of Ireland , whose feeling was a contempt of the law , and a disposition not to obey it , had taught the present government that that Bill could not be enforced . When the agriculture of the country was put into one scale , and the consumption of sugar into the other , the probability was , that the farmers of the country would have no disposition to sup-press the clandestine distilleries . It was found , also , that they even exported corn to foreign countries . It was therefore found ; improper to put the two countries , Great J Britain and Ireland , upon the same footing . The Irish had never been more happy than last year , in having a very fine and large crop of their favourite at tide of food—potatoes ; and therefore less corn had been actually consumed in any other mode than that of distillation . recapitulated the arguments he had used against the measure last year . Great Britain had been for a considerable time dependent upon her foreign connexions for a supply of food , and therefore when that was cut off , it was impossible but there should be a great rise in the price of provisions . The import was not 376 only entirely stopped , but there had been of late great demands ' from our colonies , and our military expeditions had operated as drains upon our usual sources of supply . The house was now called upon to seek a remedy against a scarcity , the necessity of which was severely felt and acknowledged ; and while he admitted the expediency of the measure , he could not but regret that ministers had actually themselves shut the door against the supply of the granaries , by their conduct towards America ; for , in his opinion , the American Embargo was the work of the present ministers . In 1807 , the value of the corn , grain , and flour , imported from the United States , amounted to 900,000l . It was in their power , in the month of August last , to have removed that obstacle , but , instead of doing so , they had been busily employed in building castles in Spain , in order , as they vainly imagined , to defeat the intentions of Buonaparté in that country . They did not seem at all to advert that the quartern leaf was now fifteen-pence ! He wished for a return of moderation in our councils , in order that the channels of importation might be opened to prevent scarcity , and of exportation , or general trade , to relieve more effectually the West india planters . thought the measure had not been fairly tried in Ireland . It ought to be inquired into what were the causes of its failure in Ireland . He understood that the Irish distillers complained of the mode of collecting the duties which were imposed ; not upon the extent of their stills , but upon the number of gallons of their wash ; from which the same number of gallons of spirits could not be produced , as in England . To exempt Ireland from the operation of the Bill , would be encouraging an improper degree of exportation of corn from this country . In every point of view he thought Ireland ought to be included . argued in favour of the exemption of Ireland , as the bill bad been found not to operate there to advantage , either in