impatient anxiety to hear what plan the right hon . gent . could propose , but he suspected that if he could have made any improvement in the plans stated by his friends in a former debate , he would not have withheld the communication . As this was not a time for going into the merits of the measure in detail , he should not prolong the conversation . He , however , would add , that , whenever the merits of the campaign should come into discussion , he should be able to prove , that there had been neither waste from mismanagement , nor dishonour from misconduct during its continuance . stated in explanation , that he had never said that assistance ought not to have been sent to Spain in the early moments of its national ebullition ; neither had he said that the deficiencies of the army ought not to be repaired . What he had said , was , that he would not con- 167 sent to the measure until he should be informed how the troops which had been placed at the disposal of the noble lord had been employed , and next , what the amount of the actual deficiencies in the army were . expressed deep regret that the regular army should be kept up by these hackneyed expedients , which had the effect of breaking down the militia , and produced the increase of the army by means of a direct , and he must be permitted to say , a fraudulent system of taxation . He lamented the inroads which had been made upon the wise system of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Windham ) then absent from indisposition , but who , he trusted , would attend in his place on the second reading of the bill . rose to move an Address to his majesty upon the Correspondence with France and Russia , relative to the Overtures from Erfurth , which had , by his majesty 's command , been laid before parliament . His lordship said , he should have thought it unnecessary to trouble the house with any observations on the subject , had it not been for an intimation of dissent . He was , however , at a loss to anticipate any objection to the line of conduct which had been upon this occasion adopted by his majesty 's government , as it appeared to him to be most clearly dictated by every consideration of sound policy , and of what was due to the honour and character of the country . Every man in the country must have been convinced that the overtures on the part of France were not made in the spirit of peace , following , so immediately as they did , the aggression committed by that power against the Spanish nation , and the usurpation of the government of that nation , which had then been attempted , by nominating a person as king of Spain . He was ready to admit , however , that the Overture from Erfurth , setting aside the preliminary observation , and taking what was substantially the offer , was prima facie fair . His majesty 's ministers , acting upon that principle which had been invariably 168 the rule of their conduct , determined to meet the offer in a fair and candid manner , and by making those explanations in the first instance which must necessarily result from any negociation , an answer was returned , stating our relations with Portugal , the king of the Two Sicilies , Sweden , and the government of Spain , and our determination to support the cause of the Spanish nation . The reply of the ruler of France , stigmatizing the Spanish nation as Insurgents , might not , perhaps , cause much surprize ; but it was impossible not to consider , without the deepest feelings of regret , the Answer of the emperor of Russia , stigmatizing as Insurgents a loyal people , who were fighting to support their legitimate monarchy , against a horrible and