on that weighty subject ? The noble earl had said , that the Spaniard would not accept our proffered assistance . Was the fit application made to them ? Where was the question asked ? At the extremity of the kingdom farthest removed from the scene of danger . Supposing an enemy were to enter Scotland ; would an ally , anxious for our protection , take an army to Penzance , and inquire of a council there , if he could give the inhabitants of that remote quarter protection ? But , he was warranted from the evidence before the Court of Inquiry to say , the aid was applied for , not for Gallicia , but for the Pyrenean frontiers . What was the situation of the French at that time ? Buonaparté , in the plenitude of self-confidence , had imprudently distributed his forces in small divisions all over the kingdom . The natives rising throughout the provinces , indignant at the perfidy of their enemy , were competent to the utter destruction of these scattered legions . What was then our duty ? It was to interpose 50,000 men between Spain and France , which would be increased to 150,000 by the zeal of the natives . This immense army , organized and disciplined as it would have been , blended with British regulars , would take possession of the passes , and the consequence would have been , that not a Frenchman could have entered or quitted Spain , unless he had cut his way through this prodigious force . It was not enough to 27 drive the French out of Spain , not a subject of Napoleon should have passed the frontiers , unless exchanged as a prisoner . Then would have been the moment to have called on Austria , and to have told her , that her existence depended upon immediate hostility against France—to have informed her , that the British forces , supported by their ally , were hovering , like a dark storm , on the summits of the mountains , and would pour onward in a torrent , to spread devastation in the plains beneath , the moment she should declare her purpose . All these golden opportunities had been lost by the gross mismanagement of his majesty 's ministers . Nor could he concur in the Address in what respected the Convention of Cintra . The speech of the commissioners was designed to screen from accusation the real culprits . He had said , in common with his colleagues , that there was no ground for any further military inquiry ; but this was not saying that there was no ground for inquiry at all . The conduct of the naval department had not , and indeed could not , come before them . The fitness of the political instructions on which the military or naval officers proceeded , was not at all examined . What were these instructions ? They were , that the enemy should be driven out of Portugal . They were forced out of the country : and so far these instructions were complied with . Neither was there any want of zeal or courage in the manner in which this business was accomplished . If there were errors in judgment , those errors were in the ministers who removed an army of the enemy from a state of total inutility to a scene of action . Where they were they could have formed no junction with the French armies in Spain , and they must in the sequel have been reduced and subdued.—Nor could he concur in the propriety of the conduct of ministers in what related to the Address of the City of London . The citizens came forward to do what freemen ought at all times to perform . They petitioned his majesty on a subject of great national importance , and in doing so they had not committed what ministers had charged them with , criminated any man before his conduct had been examined at the proper tribunal.—So much he would say on the subject of the Address now moved