naturally your friend ; she is your descendent ; she is the fountain of the staple commodity of Ireland ; she is the great Western barrier , and little disposed or calculated to be your rival . Before those restrictions , I mean the year before the operation of the Orders in Council , your exports to America were more than twelve millions , your imports upwards of six . How is Ireland now with 1201 respect to flax-seed ? How is this country as to cotton ? Consider well before you give up a growing country , adding abundantly to her population , that was increasing your wealth by the consumption of your manufactures ; a country where the tyrant mace of Buonaparté never strayed . To give up such a country requires great countervailing advantages : Where are they to be found , if you do ? Can you coerce the continent of Europe by the exclusion of all colonial commerce ? Impossible ! You may banish luxury from Europe ; you may abolish the refinements that enervate your enemy ; you may convince him , that superfluities are not necessaries : you may prove to him how many things he can live without ; you may make Europe an univeral soldier ; you may barbarize Europe , and in a degree martialize her , and England will fare the worse for it . Buonaparté knows this well : that superior man of mischief is glad to see you resort to his own weapons , for he calculates that as yet , and for a long season , your iniquities must be too shabby to affect him seriously . The hon . gent . who was second in this debate says , that America is indisposed towards us . I lament it and would remedy it . Abolish that repulsive policy towards her that you have used too much , and that you have been glad to use towards her . You have gradually chilled her into a state of frozen alienation , and then you charge her with the ingratitude of coldness ; and what have you done it for ? To compel her to come over to this country , and pay a tax to us for allowing an independent country the privilege to trade ! to pay us a tax for carrying on her own trade ! But what effect must this have upon America ? You will send her in quest of those resources that will ultimately make her independent of your manufactures . So that you make the enemy a nation of soldiers , and America a nation of manufacturers ; and thus do all you can to enable the one to beat you , and the other to starve you ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I say again , I lament the feeling of America towards this country . I lament that you have provoked that feeling . With a sort of tedious pertinacity in ill offices—a teizing restlessness , —a kind of incapacity to be quiet , you have fidgetted yourselves out of the affections of America . You have not acted with wisdom , you have not acted with dignity ; your strength lies in the entirety of your commerce . There has been too much of a meddling 1202 spirit of envy , that should have been foreign to so great a people . Why should we have been so jealous of the little trade of comparatively an infant state ? You should have pot such thoughts far from you : in entertaining such views you descended from the grand elevation that was peculiarly your own , to meddle in a little game with which your dignity should not have suffered you to interfere ; you have lost much by dealing in small games . You have long been too great to profit by them ; look back to the time when you possessed one continent and influenced another ; you lost the one in a wanton effort to put about 100,000l . into your treasury ! You call this pride ; it is the reverse ;