he and those with whom he acted , did not think it right to continue that expensive establishment , instituted for a particular purpose , and unnecessary when that purpose was no longer in view ; acting upon the system of Mr. Pitt , they had not entirely laid aside the force , but they had reduced the 920 number , and diminished , without destroying , the establishment . The only corps , then , that could be reckoned on , were those under his right hon . friend at Cork , and those under gen. Spencer . Now , would the noble lord think it wise to keep the corps at Cork , until the 10,000 additional men could be procured ? Could he recommend such a conduct to ministers ? A conduct as little consistent with the rules of policy , as it would be grateful to the feelings of the country at large . It had also been objected , that there was a contrariety in the Instructions given to sir A. Wellesley : there were two distinct sets of Instructions given to that officer , the first of a general nature , the second particular , in consequence of the information derived from sir Charles Cotton , but they were not contradictory . The noble lord seemed to consider it a proof of great want of wisdom , that the government at home was not able to give specific instructions in all cases , and bind up their generals by particular mandates , adapted to all possible circumstances . That there might be cases in which it would be culpable to omit those specific instructions , must be allowed ; but if ever there was a case , and that there was no man could deny , in which it would be wrong to fetter the judgment of an officer , it was that in which his right hon . friend was concerned . When our expectations in the South of Spain were disappointed , we did not know what effect our exertions in the North might produce in the South . But the question was not left to the discretion of his majesty 's government . Portugal decided for herself , and they were in possession of her demands for assistance . He wished that the noble lord had thrown more of the responsibility of this business upon his majesty 's ministers , and not shared it between them and the Junta of Gallicia . The Junta did concur , even with a view to their own interests , in the expediency of an attempt in Portugal . It was objected , however , that in the letter to admiral Purvis Spain alone was mentioned , as if it was necessary to tell the admiral of the alternative , when the only object of the letter was , that sir A. Wellesley might get information as to the state of Spain , which perhaps might have directed his views for the time from Portugal . Gen. Spencer , it was true , had been sent in the first instance to Cadiz , and not to Portugal ; and the plain reason was , that if he had arrived in the Tagus before the 921 main force under sir A. Wellesley , it might have been a signal to the enemy to concentrate his forces , and thereby present a greater power to us than he could otherwise have done : But the noble lord complained that no communication had at this time been made to sir H. Dalrymple . That officer , however , was not then Commander in Chief , nor in any way concerned in the questions which were proceeding . General directions were given to the officers employed to proceed , according to the information they might receive ; but when certain information was obtained , a peremptory order was given to them to proceed off the Tagus . Then , if the measure itself was not unwise , the next question was , if there was any thing in the equipment which was wanting . The question in this respect