be probed to the bottom . This , he was convinced , was the foulest conspiracy that ever was set on foot against the Son of the Crown , ( a laugh ) and indirectly against the Crown itself . He desired , that the evidence might proceed , and expressed his hopes , that an honourable man would he fully acquitted by his honourable countrymen . observed , that the discussion was undoubtedly an unpleasant one , but though it was un- 334 pleasant , yet the house could not shrink from it as it was brought before them . If he were called upon to give his opinion , even as the case stood , he could have no hesitation in saying , that the evidence of this witness was not to be relied upon . But though the hon . gent . ( Mr. Beresford ) had heard enough to make up his mind on the subject , could he be sure that the impression made on his mind was exactly that which was made on the mind of every one If , therefore , Mrs. Clarke had said , that she had never represented herself as a widow , and if it could be proved that she had so represented herself , and got credit upon that ground , it was certainly a very important circumstance , and still more so , if , upon payment of her debts being demanded , she had turned round and represented herself as a married woman . There was , besides , another fact , which it was very material to ascertain . His hon . and learned friend could prove , or imagined he could prove , that this woman , who had said that her husband was engaged in no business , did live with her husband who was a mason with three children . All this ought to be produced for the satisfaction of the house , and he hoped that it would have its full force , because the corpus delicti in this case depended entirely on her evidence . There was no doubt , that money had been given , but the question was , whether h. r. h. knew of that circumstance , and had been prevailed upon by her influence to grant promotions and exchanges in the army . This depended entirely upon her testimony , and therefore it was material to shew , in the most satisfactory manner , that her evidence was unworthy of the least credit . said , that in the evidence which he adduced he always looked at the distinct point under consideration . The subject here was the conduct of h. r. h. the Duke of York , with regard to the army ; and the particular question was , whether he had conducted himself corruptly in granting commissions with a view to put money in the pockets of those whom he wished to favour . That there were persons about him , as almost always happened in such cases , who represented themselves as possessed of influence ; and that there were dupes credulous enough to believe them , and to waste their money , he had no doubt . No witness had attempted to fix any charge upon h. r. h. but Mrs. Clarke ; and if the 335 cause had been before a jury , the judge would immediately tell them , that it could not stand a moment upon the testimony of such a witness , even from her own admissions . But this course would not answer here , and it was his duty to attack her credit by other testimony . It was only to that end that he adduced the evidence which he was now about to call . It was not unimportant to prove that this woman had given false testimony . This was a painful duty to him ; but it was a duty which ought to be undertaken by some member of the house , and he thought that his official situation called upon him to take a leading part in the investigation . He also