inquiry , and thence argued that a similar course ought to have been pursued in the instance then under consideration . But , on the late occasion it had not been considered necessary to institute any such previous inquiry , because the documents in the possession of government , were fully sufficient to warrant the bringing a distinct charge against the particular officer . Having made these few observations , after the able , complete , and lucid statements of his noble friend , he felt it unnecessary to trespass any further upon the house at this late hour , than merely to repeat that he did not dissent to the first proposition upon its own grounds , but because it was the prelude to an unjust attack upon his majesty 's ministers . in explanation , said , that he never had intended to have established military posts from Chili to Buenos Ayres . The only posts he ever thought of , were posts for letters and communication . declared that it was his intention to trouble the house but with a very few observations , owing , not only to the lateness of the hour , but the present state of the question . Indeed it was unnecessary ; for , notwithstanding the able speech of the gallant general ( sir A. Wellesley ) , the lucid harangue of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , and the ingenious remarks of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the eloquent and able charge of his noble friend had met with a defence so feeble as to leave him in perfect possession of the field . With all the force they had collected , they had not brought one point to bear against him ; There was , indeed , remaining one literary and political warrior , who might yet perchance retrieve the fortunes of the day . ( A laugh . ) The noble lord had stated his opinion , that the Convention of Cintra was not agreeable to his feelings , when he had received the first intimation of its conclusion ; yet he was accessary to the Answer to the citizens of London , which the servants of the crown had put into the mouth of their sovereign . The noble lord had not condescended to explain in what way even he could reconcile such contradictory conduct . The gallant general , too , had this night , in an impressive 954 speech , stated to the house , that no Convention would have taken place , if he had been allowed to follow up his plan of operations ; an opinion in which he ( Mr. W. ) most heartily coincided ; yet still that gallant officer , after such an avowal , was determined not to support the proposition of his noble friend , namely , that that event which he , if permitted , would have prevented , `` had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country . '' The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had gone farther than his noble friend : he thought that the Convention was justified ; and because such was his opinion he has called upon this house not to confirm that , judgment which their sovereign had previously pronounced . And his argument to induce the house to act upon such judgment was , that by so doing blame would attach somewhere . Thus , then , had the swords of the gallant Wellesley , and of his brave companions in arms , been drawn in vain ; not in vain for their own glory and character , but most ineffectually for the honour , the credit , the glory , the interests , and the superiority of their country ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Such a distressing result seemed not to have produced the natural effect on the mind of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) . On the contrary , for the first time in his life , he was found light and ludicrous , and jocular and even witty , on subjects the most momentous