that of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland . `` We have , said that hon . gent. , grain enough for both the purposes ; we can supply your wants and still have plenty left for distillation , and , if you forbid the use of grain in the distilleries of Ireland , you will not ( I almost thought he said you shall not ) save one grain of corn by your law . '' Are we to take this for granted , contradicted as it is by the petitions on your table , and by the lamentable evidence of excessive prices still progressively increasing ? Are we to admit the fact of the actual detection and destruction of unlicensed stills in Ireland as a proof that they can not be detected and destroyed ? Is it with the revenue law in general as we have heard it is occasionally with the tolls , 1131 where the gate-man opens the gate to the gentleman as he rides through , and asks , with hat in hand , if his honour pleases to pay to day ? If 150 private stills have in one district been destroyed in one morning are we to conclude that 150 rise at once from their ruins ? All illicit trade , even Irish illicit trade , must be carried on under risk disadvantage and extra expence , more or less , and could not exist except there was , in the provision of the law which it meant to elude , a commensurate premium to set against these disadvantages . This premium might be the subject of precise calculation , three shillings might not do it in some particular case where four shillings barely would , and five would put the matter past all doubt . This premium the measure of last year had held out ; this the Chancellor of the Exchequer of England confessed when he allowed that the trial had not been a fair one , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland , while he denied it in words , yet admitted it in effect , by saying that if ever the distillation from sugar was again attempted in Ireland , he would advise that it should be subjected to a lower duty than that last year imposed . He represented the stills in Ireland as multiplying like the heads of Hydra , but even the monster Hydra had yielded at last to Hercules ; and really his rt . hon . friend had accomplished such mighty labours , that , with the help of major Swan for his Iolas , he ought not to despair of overthrowing and finally trampling under his foot this many-headed monster of Irish illicit trade . At all events , he thought it would not be adviseable for the house to afford to that gentleman a new opportunity of proving , by measures of his own contrivance , the truth of his favourite maxim , that in matters of agriculture legislative interference was not only futile but dangerous . His rt . hon . friend would doubtless at some future day convince the house from this bill , to which he had given its present shape , that if you desire to legislate with effect you must not introduce into your law the germ that will blight the fruit you expect from it.—There was nothing upon the table , nothing brought to the bar to prove the statements of the rt . hon . gent ; they were sustained only by good round energetic assertions , and by the influence of his commanding eloquence . He trusted that the house would not lay its discretion at the feet of the rt . hon . gent . but by recommitting the bill , with an instruction to extend its provisions 1132 to Ireland , give at least one fair trial whether for an object so generally momentous it was not yet possible to pass one uniform measure of legislation for the United Empire . expressed his conviction that if the bill were passed in its present shape , the most fatal consequences