affair of the Chesapeake ; and was not the mere sending of a special mission to such an effect ever deemed a sufficient atonement even by the proudest nations ? Yet even then , was not the vessel that carried out our minister compelled to submit to the degrading ceremonial imposed by the Embargo ? In short , we had rather gone too far , than done too little . We twice offered to negociate ; yet the Non-Importation Act was not revoked . Would the late administration have done more ? The present discussion , however , was imprudent , at a time when negociation was pending for the adjustment of differences . supported the Address , and declared himself a decided friend to measures of conciliation towards America , lie said his majesty 's ministers , instead of acting upon the Order in Council as issued on the 7th of Jan. 1807 , which merely interdicted the neutral trade of American ships between port and port , in the countries of Europe under the domination of France , extended it to all the seas of the world , and thus forced America to the Embargo . The American government in the late negociation , as was obvious from the papers on the table , evinced a friendly disposition towards this country , and a contrary one towards France . She offered to take off her Embargo in respect to this country , if we would rescind towards her our Orders in Council . And if we were disposed to this proposition , and only hesitated from a doubt of her sincerity , why was not some endeavour made in the course of negociation , to secure the exclusion of American ships from French ports ; and obtain the consent of the American government for ourselves to secure that point , by making prize of all vessels of that nation , found approaching the ports of the enemy . It was the obvious policy of this country to excite hostility between France and America , and this would be the almost inevitable consequence of a cessation of the Embargo in favour of England , while it was continued towards France.—The noble lord then commented upon the spirit of the communication , and the effect produced in 1209 America by the letter of Mr. Canning to Mr. Pinkney , dated the 23rd Sept. 1808 . That communication reached America previous to the election—a time in a democratic country of great heat and political zeal . What was its effect ? It was to be traced in the following circumstance : It was well understood that in the various states , previous to the election of a President , each state elected an Inspector , to whom was delegated the vote of that state for the election of a chief magistrate . It was well known that on the appointment of the Inspectors , previous to the late election for a President , persons from the federal , otherwise the English interest , were almost universally returned . But such was the effect of the able and well-timed communication of the Secretary for Foreign Affairs , that the whole public mind of America was insulted by his ill-placed irony ; and the consequence was , that a revolution of public opinion took place , by which the party in America presumed not most friendly to English influence , was intrusted with the sovereignty of that growing and extensive nation . Concurring , therefore , as he did , in all the sentiments of his hon . friends , and wholly disapproving of the conduct of his majesty 's ministers towards America , he felt himself bound to vote for the Address . entered into some explanation upon the business of his diplomatic mission to America , and said , that notwithstanding the sole object of his embassy was to make satisfaction in the affair of the Chesapeake , he found it impracticable to conclude the business without leading to protracted discussions , the nature of which were incompatible with the honour of this country . And even the very vessel on