the command ought to be changed in the middle of expeditions— ( Hear ! hear ! ) In the course of a campaign the command might be changed without injury , but these expeditions were not campaigns , they were only operations . But as by the change of the commanders the whole system had been altered , this circumstance necessarily governed him in his subsequent views . His original plan was to have engaged the enemy as near Lisbon as possible , and to have followed up the advantage , which he undoubtedly expected , with the utmost , expedition ; by which means , he trusted , he would have got to Lisbon nearly as soon as themselves , and prevented their crossing the Tagus . His opinion still was , that if they had been followed closely after their defeat at Vimiera on the 21st , they would not have been enabled to cross the Tagus . He was no party to the question , and had never come forward as the accuser of sir H. Burrard , but , as he had conducted the previous operations—as he had commanded at Vimiera , and held himself responsible for that action , he thought his opinion ought to have had some weight on that occasion , and also with the Court of Inquiry ; espe- 932 cially as that opinion had been supported by all the general officers whom he had then under his command . It had been said indeed , that a gallant general ( Spencer ) , a friend of his , had given a different opinion ; but notwithstanding the caution with which that gallant officer had spoken , yet a close examination of his evidence would shew , that he was , in fact , of his opinion ; and , in answer to one of the questions , that opinion had been strongly expressed . It was upon the principle which , he stated that he had advanced from Mondego Bay ; and he never could understand , how the Court of Inquiry , which had approved of all that he had done , up to the close of the battle of Vimiera , could have said that these troops , which had been , constantly beaten in the field , ought not to be pursued when beaten . He would ' certainly have pushed them so hard after that battle if he had retained the command , that it would have been impossible for them to have crossed the Tagus . But there was one part of the Report of the Board , with respect to the question of advancing alter the action of the 21st , to which he must refer . The passage was this , `` This very circumstance of a superior cavalry retarding our advance would allow the enemy 's infantry , without any degree of risk , to continue their retreat in the most rapid manner , till they should arrive at any given and advantageous point of rallying and formation ; nor did sir A. Wellesley , on the 17th of August , when the enemy had not half the cavalry as on the 21st , pursue a more inconsiderable and beaten army with any marked advantage ; for he says ( Gazette Extraordinary ) , 'The enemy retired with the utmost regularity , and the greatest celerity ; and notwithstanding the rapid advance of the British infantry , the want of a sufficient body of cavalry was the cause of his suffering but little loss in the plain . '—And again , 'He succeeded in effecting his retreat in good order , owing principally to my want of cavalry . ' '' —Here , in the first place , although he meant to impute no blame to the Court of Inquiry , they must have thought him at least very inconsistent , if not very incorrect in his statement : now , he apprehended he was neither incorrect nor inconsistent . The fact was , that there were two parts of the action of the 17th—the one in the mountains , and the other