upon what representations they acted . They should have been alive to the reflection , what in their hands were placed the means not only of assisting Spain , but of defending England ; that they were not only to consider the prospects of Spain , but of their own country ; that , called upon to administer the affairs of a nation involved in an arduous contest , the duration of which no man could calculate , they should not unadvisedly risk the means of that nation ; that they should not send out its arms or its money , unless where effectual resisistance could be made to the enemy . It was therefore peculiarly incumbent upon ministers to employ the utmost talents and industry , for the purpose of enabling themselves to judge of the temper , the resolution , and the ability of the Spaniards . What was the spirit of the people , what the internal condition of the country , what the state of its parts , what its resources , both military and naval , what , in a word , the means upon which we could calculate for success in pursuit of the common object ? Ministers could not have been insensible to this reflection , that great as our power confessedly is and has been at sea , the whole disposable force of their country could not alone make any 1061 effectual stand in the Spanish cause , or justify any hope-of a successful result in a contest against the stupendous military means of France . It was therefore essentially necessary to know fully the nature and amount of the co-operation which they could rely upon meeting in Spain . With this view , they should not have sent young men of eager , sanguine , enthusiastic disposition ; but they should have sent men of experience , of observant , cultivated , and discriminating minds , men not likely to be influenced by false appearances , but capable of deciding upon the soundness of principles and real character . It was not sufficient to know , that monks could excite some of the poorer and more ignorant of the people to insurrection , and that , when so excited , they evinced great enthusiasm ; the disposition and views of the upper classes , who , from their rank and property , possess a natural influence in any country , ought to have been known . But above all , inquiry should have been carefully made as to the inclination of the middle class , which is the great bond and cement of connection between the higher and the lower orders in every country ; whether we should be likely to meet in that class a cordial spirit of co-operation , and what the force of that co-operation would be . An inquiry of this nature should have been gone through before ministers had resolved to commit the country , or at least before they had ventured to send an army to Spain . In pursuing this inquiry , they could have collected from history some information that was well worthy of their attention . So far as history goes , they could not find much to encourage any very sanguine reliance upon the character of the Spaniards for cordial or active co-operation in such a contest . I am not disposed to speak disrespectfully of the Spaniards , but history does not represent them as a people remarkable for that daring , enthusiastic , high-spirited disposition which prompts and qualifies men to make a great struggle for liberty and independence . The manner , indeed , in which they surrendered their liberty , would not justify any reliance upon their spirit ; and their conduct during the War of the Succession evinced neither spirit nor principle . The upper classes particularly , upon that occasion , were found to betray a great dereliction of public principle , and a great want of public duty . They were perpetually fluctuating between Charles and Philip , according as victory and the pros- 1062 pect of ultimate success appeared to incline to either