which , if it were not for the melancholy consequences , were truly ridiculous ) were represented as blind and lame , and some even as dying of old age . These , at least , are the statements of the general officers whom the noble lord had selected ; and if they are not satisfactory to himself , he alone is to blame for their inaccuracy , having appointed three commanders in chief with a rapidity greater than the relays of post horses , from whom , of course , no very intelligent accounts were to be expected.—Now , let us examine the reasons stated by the generals for acquiescing in the Convention . Time , say they , was thus obtained to for ward the British army to Spain . The Convention was signed definitively on the 30th of August ; and yet the British army was not ready for action in Spain for two months , nay , some of the troops did not leave Portugal for ten weeks after . Is it only for the conveyance of the troops of France that the noble lord can find transports ? These he can convey in British shipping , to be again , almost immediately on their debarkation , employed in Spain , whilst by that very measure he subjects , in a dreadful season , the British army to a march of 500 miles . It is impossible to pronounce adequately upon that disgraceful measure ; there is so much in every part of it of mystery , enigma and riddle . We are now told , that his Majesty has expressed his formal disapprobation of 47 some parts of the Convention ; and yet his ministers thought proper to fire the Tower guns in approbation of it . His Majesty , it appears , had a different feeling of what affects the honour of the country and the glory of the British army , and I most sincerely believe it , from that entertained by those ministers , who conceived it right to proclaim with all the demonstrations of public rejoicing , this stain upon both . His Majesty protests against being deemed a partner with his servants in this disgraceful transaction ; and has this night announced to his Parliament that he has formally disapproved of it . Early in the progress of the hostile operations in Spain , I believe in the month of July , a document was published by the Supreme Junta of Seville , under the title of Precautions , which fixed upon a plan of warfare , and also conveyed instructions to the . inhabitants of Spain , as to the manner in which they were to conduct their hostility against the enemy . Biscay , Castile and Navarre were the parts of the peninsula pointed out as the most proper theatre for hostile exertions . These were the points most important to engage the consideration of the patriotic leaders , and , of course , of the auxiliary force which was naturally to be expected from this country . Now , if his Majesty 's ministers had condescended to hold a little intercourse with the Supreme Junta , or have allowed the army to remain in England till they actually knew something of the state of Spain ; or , if sir Arthur had even corresponded with the Junta , they , and we too , would have learned , that the most important duty to be performed was the defence of the north of Spain , and the passage of the Pyrenees ; and then , instead of being worsted , the army so sent might have been used for the most beneficial purposes , so as to make the French retire within the frontiers of France . I am certain that was the plan of warfare which would have been most essential to the safety of Spain . The Convention of Portugal having taken place , his Majesty 's ministers thought proper to cause the Tower guns to be discharged , in token of the satisfaction they felt , until they found that all the rest of