it was desirable that any question arising upon the conduct of any witness that would in itself lead the house into , as it were , a premature determination upon the evidence , had better be postponed till after the decision of the house upon the great question that had so long occupied its attention ; and what served to bear him out in that conclusion was , the line of conduct which the house had thought proper to adopt with respect to another witness of the name of Donovan ; in that case the house , whatever might have been its opinion of that person 's testimony , had thought it right to forbear any decision upon it till after they had decided on the more important charge before them , and he could not help wishing that the hon . gent . would pursue the course that that instance might naturally suggest to him , and concur with him in the propriety of postponing that discussion till they had come to a decision upon the great question itself . He could not approve of taking one witness out of the mass ; it would be better to wait until they could examine into all , or as many as might call for the investigation of the house . In saying thus much , he would not be understood as wishing the house to decide upon comparative merit ; far from it . No man in the house was more prepared to say than he was , that it would be no ground for arguing , that because they did not proceed against one witness they ought not to proceed against another . He would not say , that because they did not commit one evidence for prevarication they ought not to commit another ; so far from it , that he certainly 1156 thought that the evidence of each person should be left to rest upon its own merits merely , at least as far as that question went to affect the character of the evidence . The hon . gent . had said , that it would be a great disgrace to that house , after the instances which had occurred so recently at the bar , to overlook the case of general Clavering . Without now going into the question , he would say , that he entirely concurred with that hon . gent , and did not think that the house could possibly avoid taking it into its grave consideration ; but he did not think that that was the time for entering upon the discussion . They had , to be sure , already decided in the case of Sandon , but that case was , in one respect , materially distinct from that of general Clavering ; the prevarication of Sandon happened on the same day , and was of a nature so obviously gross and wilful , that the house had no difficulty in coming to an unanimous resolution of committing him ; and from the prevarication happening at once , and upon the same day , there was no necessity of referring to any antecedent evidence , which would be indispensably necessary to the forming a right judgment in the present instance . Besides , he did not know how the house could now take upon itself to say , that any evidence did or did not materially bear upon the charges ; he put it therefore to the hon . gent. , whether he would put the house in the situation of deciding now upon the evidence , before they had come to any decision with respect to the charges themselves ? He would not propose adjournment : he should be very sorry to do so : but he put it to the feelings of the hon . gent. , whether , in consideration of such circumstances , it would not be as well to defer the question to some early day , after the house had decided upon the charges ? He agreed entirely with the hon . gent . as to the necessity of that house rigorously asserting