be proper to call in the other witness while she was still at the bar . That suggestion had , however , been over-ruled , and Mr. Reid was called for ; but when it was found that he was not in attendance , the gentlemen opposite had resorted to a kind of interlude , in a course of indecent examination of his hon . friend , in order to eke out the time till their witnesses should arrive . He must add , that it was no improper representation of the whole to call it a highly indecent , improper , and indecorous proceeding . replied , that the representation made by the noble lord of his conduct , was neither a faithful , just , nor a true representation . He had not communicated with any body about him as to the questions he had to put , and had acted solely upon a sense of his duty , thinking the time lie rose the most convenient to put his questions 1.0 the hon . member . Unless the Committee should stop him , he should , if not then , at least before he left the house , put those questions to the hon . member . disclaimed any idea of accusing the hon . member of having com- 729 municated with others . It was the whole tenour of the examination that he complained of . begged to otter an observation on the censure which the noble lord had thought proper to cast upon some persons , whom he chose to consider as a corporate body , in bestowing that censure for the course that the examination had taken . The object he had himself in view in calling in Mr. Reid was , that , as Mr. Reid had given evidence as to the female who passed at his hotel as Mrs. Dowler , and it was impossible he could stale her to have been the witness at the bar , he might , by appearing with her at the bar , be enabled to ascertain that fact . Upon inquiry , however , it was found that Mr. Reid was not in attendance , and whilst the Committee had to wait for his appearance , he was himself prepared to make that statement , to which he proposed to call the attention of the Committee after the case was closed on the other side . Mr. Reid had been sent for , but in the mean time several members thought proper to put questions to the hon . gent. , out of which had arisen that debate which incurred the censure of the noble lord , and in which he had himself taken no part . He could assure the Committee , that no individual had communicated with him on the subject of the questions that they had put , and which called down the animadversion which began with him singly , and was afterwards extended to others . As Mr. Reid was not yet come , if the Committee would permit him and the other gentlemen upon whom the noble lord 's censure had fallen , and would consent to let the matter rest here , he was prepared to state a fact which had been ten or twelve days in his knowledge , and which had been communicated to several gentlemen upon both sides of the house . He had reserved the communication of this fact till the case had been closed , and if the Committee should be of opinion that the circumstance ought to have been communicated earlier , the fault was entirely with him . His r. h. had wished him to make the statement earlier to the Committee , and consequently he alone was culpable , if it had been improperly withheld . The fact he had to state was , the suppression of testimony as to one of the charges which had been brought before the Committee , namely , that with respect to major Tonyn 's case . It appeared by the minutes , that a sum of mo- 730 ney had been lodged by capt