and contradictory ; and in bringing forward the measure he proposed , his object was to reduce them all into one , and to amend and class under proper heads the different provisions they contained . Another object ha had in view was , to amend the law , as it now stands , respecting the Oath taken by militiamen upon their enlistment . A doubt was entertained whether the men who took the present oath were bound to serve only for five years , or during the war , and this doubt his measure was to remove . Another object he proposed by his bill related to the ballot . As the law at present stood , the governors and deputy governors of counties had no power of compulsion to alter the lists ; which ho proposed to amend by giving such power , whenever the lord lieutenant shall call for the alteration of the lists . Another provision he meant to introduce was , to enable the lord lieutenant to substitute the mode of parish assessments for the ballot ; and also to authorise the governors to raise men for the militia by volunteering . These were the principal provisions of the bill he proposed to bring in , and which he had , since last session , submitted to the consideration of the lord lieutenant and country gentlemen of Ireland , and taken their sense upon them ; it was his intention , after the first and second reading of the bill , to suffer it to lie over for a month , in order to give gentlemen time to form a judgment upon its contents . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in the bill ; when leave was given accordingly . in submitting the motion of which he had given notice , should have occasion to trouble the house but shortly , in order to obtain its approbation of the proposition he had to make . During the late campaign a most extraordinary circumstance had taken place , both here and in Ireland , to which he wished to call the attention of the house . The 367 chief secretary for Ireland , and the under secretary of state , both gallant and distinguished officers , had been employed in the military service of their country , and suffered still to retain the civil employments they before held , though it was impossible for them to perform any of the duties annexed to them . He admitted , that in either capacity the country could not be better served ; but contended that no office should be held by any person whose absence made it impossible for him to execute its duties . When the war department required every exertion of every public officer , it could not be maintained that the under secretary of state , for that department , and the chief secretary for Ireland , could be absent from their offices without material injury to the public service . He had asked a question of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) opposite , before his gallant relation had returned , and whilst the other gallant officer was attending the duties of his office in Ireland . The answer respecting the former was most satisfactory , but though it was not his intention to say a word upon that subject in this instance , he must be allowed to say that he thought the noble lord ought to have filled up the appointment during the absence of his relation . The answer respecting the other gallant officer was not equally satisfactory . He allowed that no person possessed in a more eminent degree every qualification for the distinguished command to which he had been appointed , and was equally ready to give him the greatest credit for the manner in which he executed , and the attention which he paid to , the duties of his office of chief secretary for Ireland . But , though he was convinced that no person was better qualified for either situation than that gallant officer , he could never admit , that whilst fighting