army in Portugal , than to enjoin that he should be consulted on every occasion . Why did not ministers follow the example of lord Spencer , who sent lord Nelson to Egypt , to the prejudice of a senior officer , and by that judicious appointment enabled us to gain the glorious victory of the Nile . An opinion prevailed , that it would have been more consistent with policy to have sent the army to the south of Spain , in the first instance . Ministers , however , adopted another plan . The Convention of Cintra was signed on the 30th of August ; and yet , notwithstanding the critical situation of affairs in Spain , and the urgency of giving the most prompt assistance to the people of that country , not a single British soldier marched from Portugal until the beginning of October . When they did send an army into Spain , though they had transports enough in the Tagus to have conveyed them in a few days to Gallicia , or Asturias , they sent them by land . It seemed , throughout the whole of this ill-fated expedition , as if the evil genius of England directed every instruction and impulse that was given to that army . After a pause of some weeks , it made a movement 382 in advance . Again it made a second movement . We might have derived some consolation for the calamitous consequences that resulted from these ill-advised operations , if our armies had marched into the country to make a noble stand ; but , instead of this , they marched into the heart of Spain , with the moral certainty of being obliged to retreat . The result of that retreat was fresh in their lordships ' recollection . The army lost 4,000 horses , the best that could be provided for the species of service to which they were destined ; ammunition to an enormous amount was destroyed ; some of the finest artillery in Europe was spiked , the army at the time so dissatisfied as to be nearly in a state of mutiny ; officers marching without shoes or stockings , and some of them , the most promising in the service , ( he alluded to gen. Anstruther ) falling the victim of mental anguish and excessive fatigue . Having reached the ultimate point of retreat , they were detained five days waiting for transports , which , by arriving sooner , would have prevented all the blood that was shed in the gallant action before Corunna . Was it necessary that all these sacrifices should have been made to prove the valorous spirit of Englishmen ? —The noble earl next adverted to the treaty with the Junta , and asked when ministers expected it would arrive , or whether it would arrive at all ? He trusted they would have no objection to communicate the substance of that treaty , and that they would take care to secure the fleets of Spain , or at least take care that those of France should not again come into the possession of the ruler of France . He was one of those who hoped the affairs of Spain were not desperate ; but he was persuaded , that their success must depend rather on the exertions of Spain , than on any assistance we could send her.—In the present situation of the country , the want of a responsible minister was most deeply felt . He did not mean to make any personal attack upon the noble duke at the head of the Treasury ; but it was evident that he was not the efficient ' and responsible minister of the country . Noble lords on the other side might say that they were responsible ministers ; but it was impossible that 11 or 12 could be punished—there must be one minister responsible to the country for the acts of his administration . Upon all these grounds , and others connected with the situation of the country , and the events of the last six months , the noble 383