information was seldom unaccompanied with bias either to the one side or the other , and even if it were not , he doubted the great advantages imputed to it . They had in their recollection three Committees : two of them , with respect to their previous ignorance of the matter into which they were to examine , might be denominated the unlearned Committees . The unlearned Committees had done their duty , while they had had as yet but one Report from the learned Committee . He had heard the speech of the gallant general , but he had heard nothing to do away the objection that officially existed against his appointment . The gallant general had told the house that he could prove such and such matters in the Committee—that he could prove the justice of his noble relative 's administration in the East—that he could prove also the justification of the measures of the marquis Cornwallis—why , 1041 this was all very well in any other character , but not for the man who was to commence an unbiassed inquiry . Let the hon . general go before the Committee , and give in his depositions as a witness , but let him not assume to himself the character of an unprejudiced judge in matters in which he has prejudged already ; in short , he was of opinion that the hon . general had disqualified himself by his own speech . But the hon . general was not the only person objectionable . Was the situation of War-Secretary such a sinecure , as that the noble lord could be spared from that department to attend to the business of this Committee ? Could the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer quit his official situation , as the hon . general had quited the Chief Secretaryship for Ireland , to discharge the very important duties of a member of this Committee ? And as for the Directors , and the members of the Board of Controul , he rather thought that they should be examined against each other as witnesses , than be suffered to preside as judges . The prophecies of sir Philip Francis were fully verified , a man who not only possessed information and integrity , but what was equally important , was independent of office . He did not think that the son of a noble lord who had established the Board of Controul , and who was in other respects so interested in India affairs , or that the brother of a noble marquis , whose administration was thought by some to be so hostile to the interests of Great Britain in India , were the fittest persons to be appointed members of this Committee , He disapproved also of sir John Anstruther being a member of it , upon no other ground than that the mind of that gentleman was already made up upon the subject , and this , he thought , in itself amounted to a disqualification . entered into a comparison between the East and West Indies ; the former he viewed as represented by Boards of Controul , Courts of Directors , and he knew not what , while the latter was denied justice , and oppressed . rose to order . It was rather out of order to accuse the house of commons of injustice and oppression towards the West Indies ; and , besides , it had nothing to do with the present question . resumed , and made a few further remarks approbatory of any reform that could be effected . said , if the Committee 1042 was such as he supposed it to be , viz . to inquire into the present state of the Company 's Affairs , and the causes which brought them into such a situation , it appeared to him to be fairly constituted . said he thought the Committee a perfect farce and mockery of the public , for it will consist of two parties who ought to be in permanent hostility against each other . The gallant general had said the last war in