regular army and militia , as well as to the injury of morality throughout the country ; for such would be the effect of high boun- 314 ties given to the recruits from the militia to the line , and to the substitutes who were to fill their places in the militia ranks : the necessary consequences of which , as experience had shewn , would be intoxication and riot : such effects could not fail to produce disgust in both army and militia , and to exclude from both , as it had already done , officers of that class and description , which should characterize the service , So long ago as the peace of Amiens , he was decidedly of opinion that the militia of the country ought to have been reduced to its original standard as a maximum ; and it was now found that a departure from that principle , ever since the commencement of the present war , had involved the country in all the evils which had been suffered under the militia system , viz . the oppressive effects of ballots upon the people , the enormous increase of bounties to substitutes to so high a rate as 18l . 20l . and even 30 guineas ; the severe effects of this upon the balloted men who could not leave their homes and families to serve ; the profligacy produced amongst the men who became substitutes ; the constant temptations held out to them to desert from one regiment , in order to obtain the bounty in another ; the heavy punishments for desertion widely increased , and such impediments thrown in the way of the regular recruiting service as to render almost impracticable the raising of men for the regular service , even at triple the usual bounties . He recollected the former plan proposed by Mr. Pitt , of which that minister was so fond , that it was deemed by his friends an infallible specific to increase the army of the country , a kind of talisman . Which , if any man touched , the enchantment was to be dissolved . But no sooner had his noble friend come into power than he totally departed from that plan , and resorted to the supplementary militia , from which all the mischiefs of increased bounties took their rise , By the present bill , the militia officers were required to recruit at a bounty of ten guineas , for which it was obvious that under the increased system of bounties , men could not be had . But , then , his noble friend had an expedient to let out . a little ballot , in case the bounty should fail , to be inflicted on the county where the quota of men could not be induced to enlist within a given period ; and . Then , as a remedy to the balloted man , who could not find a substitute at half price , the ten guineas were to be given in aid . But this ballot 315 coming on the heels of that for the local militia , could not fail to create general discontent , inasmuch as it was not a regular tax , but must weigh oppressively upon individuals . He wished the house could have an opportunity of obtaining such a document as the expence entailed upon the people in consequence of militia ballots , and the allowance to militiamen 's families . It might be said , that those allowances would cease when militiamen were transferred into the line ; but would not the burthen be upon the parishes , by the new shape it must assume in poor rates for the maintenance of those families ? Yet such was the effect of this cheap defence of nations '' —The honourable member next compared the effects of this plan with those of the plan proposed by a right hon . friend of his , not now in his place ( Mr. Windham ) , and which proposed to recruit men for limited service instead of for life : a plan , the principle