and heartrending . His answer , his justification for all these evils , was , that his opponents , four years ago , had evinced similar , if not greater , imbecility and ignorance . But , was that any apology to the country for disappointed hopes and degraded character ? If , in the name of truth , both had been proved guilty of blunders the most criminal , let that be a reason for punishing them both together ; but never let it be advanced as an extenuation for every future act of criminal and disgraceful mismanagement . The , public had before them a great stake . By whom was it thrown away ? Was it by sir Arthur , sir Harry , or sir Hew ! or was it by his majesty 's ministers ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Guilt had attached in some part , and the public indignation had been consequently excited . That indignation must have a direction ; the people would not be satisfied without fixing it in one point or the other.—He should not then stop to enter into the consideration of the propriety or impropriety of the Court of Inquiry , as to its being legal or illegal ; but the question was , how 955 did the people of England consider it ? They deemed it to have been a court for screening the guilty : and they knew the result of its decision would be , that no blame was attachable to any one . The decision had accordingly been in favour of the officers . Sir Arthur had been declared blameless , zealous , and firm . Sir Harry had been declared blameless , zealous , and firm . Sir Hew also . Yet still blame had existed somewhere . To whom , by that decision , imputable , but to the ministers of the crown ? ( Hear , hear ! ) . But the learned Chancellor of the Exchequer had found , in his own ingenuity , a defence for himself and his colleagues . Sir A. Wellesley , said he , has said , that if his plan was followed up he would have expelled the French from Portugal , and this , at least , proved , that the means , which ministers afforded to him , were fully sufficient to the object ! But , how did the matter stand ? The learned gent . forgot that the gallant general had broadly stated , that if he had been provided in the battle of the 21st of August , with a sufficiency of cavalry , there then would have existed no excuse for a Convention . Here , then , was the charge of failure and of disgrace brought back to his own shoulders by his own authority ( Hear , hear ! ) . The noble Secretary of State had said , that finding the first intelligence of the victory and the feeling it excited , a little exaggerated , he thought it would be improper to give a military opinion , on receiving the intelligence of the Convention , and therefore he took that of the learned Chancellor of the Exchequer , as to the propriety of firing the Tower guns upon occasion of this Convention , and they both together had at last agreed to fire away . The guns had been fired for the success at Roleia , they were fired for the splendid triumph at Vimiera , and in due respect to the feelings of the country , and to the gallantry of our armies , fired they were a third time for the ratification of a most disgraceful compact . But the noble lord had hit upon an admirable excuse , in his own inability to give a military opinion . Let the country form its own comment . When , at a time , to speak no more of it , it was opposed to Buonaparté , it had a military secretary , whose principal point in defence for the failure of his military schemes , was simply , that he could