part of the supply which they would otherwise receive from Ireland . He was convinced , however , that the surplus of the corn in Ireland would otherwise be employed by the illicit distilleries to the prejudice of the revenue in the sum of 700,000l . annually . mentioned , that the western parts of Scotland would suffer materially by permitting the corn distillery in Ireland . approved of that part of the principle of the Bill which further restrained the Distillation from Grain . If the measure of last year had not yet shewn its ill effects , one might fairly conclude that to it was in no degree imputable the scarcity and dearness of grain which , since that measure , had been progressive . Upon this fact , and upon the continued uncertainty of foreign supply , rested the expediency of prolonging the disuse of grain in the distillation , and the landed interest in that house did not appear at present inclined to oppose it.—But he presumed that he was in order , when he considered as part of the principle of the proposed Bill , the exception of a large division of the empire from its operation ; a matter he conceived of too primary importance to be reserved for argument in the Committee . One part of the United Kingdom could not fail to partake either of scarcity or plenty existing in the other ; the prohibition therefore , if it was right at all , should be general . The right hon . gent. , in giving notice of the Bill , at a late hour , and when the house after a long debate was little inclined to attend to any observation on the subject , had indeed stated as a reason for this exception of Ireland , that since the act of the last session , the use of sugar had not been extended , nor the use of grain diminished , in that country , while the revenue from spirits had almost totally failed there from the stimulus which had been given to illegal distillation . Even admitting these facts , they were not conclusive ; for the experiment had not been fairly tried . In England and in Scotland the duty imposed by the late act on spirits from sugar , had been made exactly equivalent to that which in those parts respectively attached on spirits from grain . Not so in Ireland , where sugar spirits had been subjected to a duty of 8s . 3d . per gallon , the duty on corn spirits being no more than 5s . 8d . ; under which disparity the legal distillation , and the legal importation , were both discouraged , while a considerable premium was held out to the contraband dealer . Evidence could be given to the house , that 1051 had the duty on sugar spirits been levelled to that on corn spirits in Ireland , the legal distiller would have worked , and the importation of spirits would have been extended , to the advantage of the revenue . He believed this provision of the late act had been matter of surprize . He trusted that , however good in general the counsel of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , his authority on this occasion would not be followed implicitly and without examination . The sentiments of that right hon . gent . were well known . He was adverse to the whole principle of the measure . No scarcity , or dearness of grain could reconcile to him its prohibition in the distillery in any part of the empire , and it was not therefore to be wondered at , if he had been anxious to save Ireland from its operation . These were not , however , the sentiments of that house , nor of the right hon . gent . who introduced the Bill , and it would be unwise to adopt a proceeding so extraordinary and so partial , without a fair experiment under provisions and regulations that might afford the best chance for its success . The Act