that his proposition was not unparliamentary . could not accede to such a doctrine , as that the communication between witnesses , either before or after examination at the bar of that house , was to invalidate their testimony . It must be quite impossible to prevent such communication from taking place between persons desirous of giving the fairest evidence . And if the right hon . gent . meant , iii the course of this inquiry , to found any proceeding upon the precedents he had quoted , he ( lord F. ) trusted no such proceeding would be adopted , without giving the house time to search more minutely for further precedents . rose , and observed , that in consequence of some interrogatories put on a former night by an hon . member to Mr. Corri , one of tile witnesses examined before the committee , in order to know whether Mr. Finnerty was one of the persons to whom he alluded as present with him at Mrs. C. 's house , an idea had gone forth that Mr. F. was the person . He had himself , however , since Tuesday night received the most positive assurances that Mr. F. was not the person , nor had he any concern whatever in these transactions . With regard to Mr. F. himself , he was at present under prosecution by the Attorney-General for a libel against the D. of Y. , and he felt that such an idea going forth to the public as that he was the person alluded to by Mr. Corri in his evidence , would be extremely prejudicial to him on his trial . He was therefore extremely desirous to remove such an idea , and to prove to the house that he was not the . person . He now held in his hand a Petition from Mr. Finnerty , which he would beg leave to present to the house . The Petition was received and read as follows : 'To the Honourable the House of Commons of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled . 'The humble Petition of Peter Finnerty , of Clement 's Inn , gent . sheweth , That your Petitioner has heard with surprise and regret , that in the course of the ex animation now carrying on before the hon . house , relative to h. r. h. the Commander in Chief , his name has been frequently introduced , and that questions have been put , implying suspicions which may produce an impression injurious to him , upon a prosecution instituted against him , by his majesty 's Attorney-General , and which is expected to be very shortly brought to trial . Your Petitioner , there fore , thinks it necessary to state to the hon . house , that he is perfectly ready and willing to appear at the bar , and to answer any questions that may be put to him . As the Petitioner has never been engaged in any transaction which he should shrink from avowing , he begs to assure the hon . house , that his answers shall be frank , full , and explicit . And the Petitioner shall ever pray , & c. ' I have been very much insulted . I knew I should be protected when I sent for the proper gentleman . I sent for the Serjeant at arms to conduct me in : it was before I got into the lobby . Did you know col. French ? Yes , I did . Do you recollect whether he applied to you in 1804 , to use your influence with the Commander in Chief , to have a levy of men for the army ? He applied to me , but I can not recollect the year . Do you recollect that he applied to you to use your influence with the Commander in Chief , to have a levy of men for the tinny ? Yes , I do . Do you recollect if col. French offered you any pecuniary advantages for using your influence ? Yes , I do ; or