the charge was directed ; they ought to consider his high station in the country , and the eminent services which he had performed for the country , in the state to which he had brought the army— ( hear ! ) What was the state of the army when he became Commander in Chief ? It scarcely deserved the name of an army , and it was now found by experience to be , in proportion to its numbers , the best army that ever existed . The best mode to do justice to the sovereign—to do justice to the high character now impeached—and to do justice to the country , would , perhaps , be to appoint a Parliamentary Commission , with power to examine each party on oath— ( loud cries of hear ! hear ! from both sides of the House . ) The gentleman might have circumstances in view to support these charges , which he believed to be founded in truth . He only spoke of this Commission with reference to his own argument . He had said that he believed a Conspiracy to exist , and if the . House could go along with him , and suppose that this was actually the case , he threw out for 192 their consideration , whether a Parliamentary Commission with power to examine on oath was not preferable to a Committee . He could not think he had done his duty if he had not thrown out this idea for consideration . The importance of the subject well deserved such a mode of proceeding . But at all events , he was happy that the matter would now be properly investigated . having never , either in that house or elsewhere , talked of the Duke of York with disrespect , could have no view but what was entertained by the right hon . gentlemen opposite in seconding the motion then under consideration , and he entertained the same hope that the inquiry would terminate in the entire exculpation of his royal highness . He was sure there could be no other feeling in the house upon the subject , lie agreed with the right hon . gent . who spoke last , that the hon . mover was entitled to the thanks of the house for having brought this matter forward , when he heard of the facts he had detailed . It was his duty to do so , and he was consequently entitled to commendation . For his own part , he had not known any thing of the motion of the hon . gent . further than as any other member might from the notice he had given of his intention to bring it forward . But the facts he had stated appeared so serious , that he thought the house was bound to inquire into the case , and had therefore seconded the motion . He sincerely hoped that , upon inquiry , it would appear that the facts alledged originated in error , or in mischievous intentions , and an unfair wish to run down the duke of York . It was impossible to avoid such things in a country where free discussion was allowed . There was no man in a public station , or indeed in any prominent rank in the country , who must not have felt the effects of this privilege of a free press . But it was also a consequence of the same freedom of discussion , that any party aggrieved had easy access to the courts of justice for redress ; or , if that mode should not be resorted to , that the calumny would die away , and leave the character it assailed brighter than before , when cleared up from false accusations . This he hoped would be the case in the present instance ; and indeed , if it had not been for the facts so strongly stated by the hon . gent . he could not have entertained even the shadow of a suspicion that it could possibly be otherwise . He had risen only 193 to