liable to be imprisoned for life for debts contracted before the bankruptcy , which he was unable to discharge . By a statute in the early part of the reign of George the second , this power was given to the Chancellor , but by a subsequent statute of the same reign , it was enacted , that a bankrupt could not receive his certificate without the consent of 4-5ihs in number and value of his creditors ; so that however fair , honourable , and blameless , in a moral point of view , the conduct of a bankrupt might be , he was to labour under all the evils of the condition just mentioned , unless his creditors chose to relieve him . This choice often rested with a small number of the creditors , and sometimes the whole depended on a single creditor whose debt bore a large proportion to that of the rest . But this was not the only hardship to which the bankrupt was exposed by the statute just alluded to . Any creditor who could not prove under the commission , nor receive a dividend , was yet admitted to refuse the certificate , in order to give effect to his action . This involved the very serious consideration of imprisonment for life for debt . On that point generally he would at this time say no more than this , that in his opinion a man could not do a greater service to his country , than to procure the abolition of imprisonment for debt altogether . It was mischievous to the individual ; it was pernicious to the public ; and the worst of it was , that it made the creditor the judge in his own cause , and though the imprisonment might in many cases be just , yet it was certain , that in many cases also it was most unjust . But with respect to an uncertificated bankrupt it was always unjust ; for the only object of the punishment was to compel him to do that which the law supposed impossible for him to do , and what indeed it rendered it impossible 1144 for him to do , unless he chose to be guilty of a capital felony . The punishment therefore in this case must be unjust . Consider what were the consequences ; an irritated creditor , to whom the bankrupt might have given some previous offence , and whom he must have offended , in depriving him of his legal claim , however innocent the bankrupt might be . When the consequences that might result from such a relative situation were considered ; a man exposed without defence to the mercy of an enraged enemy ; it would hardly be possible to appreciate the extent of mischief which such a state of things was calculated to produce . The certificates were often withheld from the innocent , and given to the fraudulent bankrupt ; for in fraudulent commissions it seldom happened that the certificate was refused . These certificates were often withheld for the purpose of extorting an advantage over the other creditors , as facts constantly recurring sufficiently proved . The law , it was true , gave several securities to the great body of creditors against such practices , but still they prevailed to a considerable extent . This held out a temptation to fraud to which no bankrupt ought to yield , certainly , but of which it was extreme y impolitic to permit the existence . The temptation was too often indeed sufficient to overcome the moral principle . The parent was often tempted to assist the child , and the child the parent , in an improper way ; and it was notorious that cases of this kind were constantly occurring . But there was another temptation to which the defect in question exposed the bankrupt , and that was to avoid making a full disclosure of his effects . When the creditors came forward to prove their debts , the bankrupt was sensible how much he was in their power , and did not give that