not whether you do it by 1075 a secret , a select committee , or a committee of the whole house , for either of these will satisfy me , and will gain the object which the country must have in view . '' The right honourable gentleman than concluded by moving , `` That it is indispensably necessary that this house should inquire into the causes , conduct , and events of the late campaign in Spain . '' hoped , that the house would indulge him , while he should endeavour shortly to detail to the house the reasons by which he was induced to negative the motion of the right hon . gent . He must , however , in justice to himself , declare , that he would be the last person in the house to persuade parliament not to enter into any proper or necessary inquiry for which just and reasonable grounds had been stated . Ignorance was rather a humiliating reason for any man to assign for such an inquiry ; and if the right hon . mover had waited with a little patience , find accepted the proposal which he had made early in the session for laying proper documents before the house , perhaps he would have had some more substantial foundation whereupon to ground his motion . The right hon . gent . could not then well plead , that he felt it necessary to appeal to that house , on account of any reluctance on the part of his majesty 's ministers to give him every information in their power . He could assert on his own behalf and on that of his colleagues , that they would not have made any objection to the production of all such information , as , consistently with their duty and a regard to the public interests , could be laid before the house , and however that information might afterwards be applied , it would afford a much better ground for going into the inquiry in a committee than the claim which had been made by the right hon . gent . on the bare shewing of his own ignorance . They had had already sufficient proof how far committees of the whole house went to impede the general business of the public , and it was not , therefore , upon such light grounds that the house ought to be induced to go into a committee of that description . The only reasons , that had been alledged for the Inquiry were reducible to the ignorance of the right hon . mover ; and he did not think that that was , or had ever been pretended to be , a proper parliamentary ground for inquiry . But no doubt the right hon . gent . supposed he had his forces well marshalled , and in 1076 high discipline , and was therefore anxious to lead them forth to battle . As he could not bend to the cogency of this reason , he certainly should oppose the motion , though at the same time he declared , that had there been the slightest prima facie evidence to support it , he would have fully coincided in it , no matter upon what ministers might rest for their justification . If the result of the Campaign in Spain had not been as glorious , as had been so earnestly and so justly expected , owing either to the imperfect state of discipline of the Spanish armies , or to the want of sufficient time to complete that discipline , still he contended that there was no prima facie ground for attaching the blame of that failure to the misconduct of his majesty 's ministers ; and , even though he should admit to the right hon . gent. , what was in itself so questionable , that the melancholy failure in Spain was in itself a prima facie ground of inquiry , yet he was prepared to contend that no blame could attach to the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , should it even be conceded , that the arrival