only ground upon which the Orders in Council have been defended in this house , has been the acquiescence of America in the Decrees of France . It is now clearly proved , that if America ever did acquiesce in these Decrees , she no longer does so . It is now clearly ascertained , that America has offered you to suspend her Embargo , if you rescind your Orders in Council , and to go to war with France , if France then refuses to repeal those parts of her Decrees which affect the neutral rights of America . Here , then , is a clear proposition , which takes away the only ground , upon which the Orders in Council stood , upon which they were defended by noble lords on the other side . This only ground being taken away , it of course clearly and obviously follows , that the Orders in Council ought to be rescinded . If , however , we are to judge from the Note to which I last alluded , the experiment is to be tried , whether we can exist without the commerce of America , with all Europe combined against us , and thus the vital interests of the country are to he wantonly hazarded . I have heard of a man who was desperately wounded , but there being several wagers laid as to whether he could recover from his wound , no surgical assistance was allowed to be given him , in order that the experiment might be tried , at the hazard of his life , whether he could recover or not . So , it seems as if ministers wished to try a similar experiment with the country , and that because France has said that we can not exist with Europe shut against us , and without the commerce of America , that therefore the experiment is to be tried , and the very vital interests of the country put to hazard . The noble earl ( Bathurst ) has this night moved for some Returns respecting our North American colonies . It does seem most extraordinary that at such a critical moment , the force in these colonies should have been sent to atchieve a distant object , with no probability of success , which has since failed , and which , if it had succeeded , would have been of no consequence , would have been merely the acquisition of another sugar island , an object which at the present moment can surely be deemed of no importance . I hope that force has since eturned to its former station , — My lords , 780 it is my duty to impress upon your attention , however painful the task , some of the melancholy consequences of these Orders in Council . The diminution of our commerce from the operation of this measure is an evil of alarming magnitude . It appears by the documents on the table that the exports , which in the year ending the 10th of October , 1807 , amounted to 48,500,000l. , amounted in the year ending the 10th of October , I8O7 , to only 42,300,000l. , a diminution of 6,200,000l . ; the diminution of imports in the same period amounts to 5,200,000l . In this statement , also , it should be recollected that Ireland and Scotland , a great part of whose trade was with America , are not included ; giving them therefore , a proportionate share , the diminution of our commerce may be fairly estimated at 14,000,000l . It should also be recollected , that this diminution has taken place in a year during four months of which the Orders in Council did not operate , these Orders not having been issued till November , and not being in full operation till January . In the article of wool , the staple commodity of the country , and in a number of other articles , an alarming diminution has taken place , and also in the importation of raw materials , essential to our manufacture . A number of