proposed , that the hon . gent . should give in a list of the names of those Witnesses he intended to call to substantiate his Charge , that such persons might be summoned to attend.—Mr . Wardle ( after having gone to the table to make out his list of Witnesses ) returned to his seat and said that he thought it would be attended with no inconvenience to defer mentioning the witnesses till Tuesday , when he should come down prepared to furnish the house with the first part of the case he should proceed to prove , and a list of the witnesses whom it might be necessary to examine relative to that first charge . wished the noble lord , opposite , to inform him , whether it was his intention to lay before the house a return of the loss sustained by the British Army in Spain , during the late expedition to that country . Such a document was necessary before he proceeded with the motion , of which he had given notice , relative to the mode in ? which the war in that country had been conducted . If the noble lord did intend 204 to produce this return , he trusted it would be done previous to the day for which his notice stood , and he should feel obliged to him to mention about what time he thought it would be in his power to do so . If he had not this intention , it would be his duty to move the house for that purpose . said , there could be no objection to laying this return before the house , but as it had not yet been fully made to government , he could not possibly condescend upon any particular day . rose to do away an impression of a very unpleasant nature , which had been made on the public . It had been stated , and was very generally believed , that our loss in Spain amounted to 8 or 9,000 men . He could take upon himself to state , that it did not exceed half that number . asked , if he alluded only to the loss sustained in the retreat , and at Corunna ? During the whole campaign—from the first moment the British army entered Spain till their final embarkation at Corunna . ( Loud and repeated cheers . ) called the attention of their lordships to a few observations which he should wish to make upon a subject of great public interest . He allowed that it might not be altogether corresponding with the rules of that house , but on such an occasion he was convinced that their lordships would excuse him . For some time past , rumour had been exceedingly busy in spreading reports of a tendency extremely injurious to the character of the Army ; he meant not only the busy whispers that prevailed among the ill-natured , but the public attacks that slander had made upon its discipline . Having been bred a soldier from his earliest days , be could not hear these scandals and falsehoods propagated without taking the first opportunity that presented itself of giving his meed of refutation to the calumny . He was the more anxious to do this , because not only the Army deserved it at his hands , but the conduct of the Illustrious Personage who has the command in chief of it , loudly called for it as an act of justice ; for he could take upon him to say , 205 that the British Army never was in the memory of man in so complete a state of discipline as it had arrived at since his royal highness had been appointed to that great and responsible situation . The whole object of that illustrious duke had been to bring the army to that state of perfection which by its recent demeanour , it had so nobly proved . It was that discipline which enabled our troops , after a march of upwards of 400 miles through a barren tract of country , at an