cotton mills have in consequence been stopped , and the workmen thrown out of employ . The great importance of the linen manufacture of Ireland is well known , and the difficulty in procuring flax-seed is at present a serious evil ; of 45 hogsheads required for sowing , 35 must be procured from America . Inconsequence of the interruption of the trade with America the price of flaxseed , which was from 2l . to 3l . per quarter , has risen to from 22l . to 24l . per quarter . It is now February , and if the necessary quantity of flax-seed is not procured before May , the consequences will , indeed , be serious . Another evil , my lords , of serious magnitude , is the deficient supply of corn ; it is well known that we do not grow enough for our own consumption , and that as the ports in the north of Europe are now shut against us , we can only look to America for an adequate supply , and I need not point out to your lordships the distressing consequences which must result from the want of such a supply . I wish , however , to be distinctly understood upon one point , with respect to the maritime rights and the maritime superiority of the country . The evils which I 781 have enumerated must necessarily accumulate , with the continuance of the Orders in Council , but whatever may be the increase of those evils , I wish distinctly to be understood to be of opinion , that , if the maritime rights , and the maritime superiority of the country are really in question , then war in support of them will become a just and legitimate war , and every privation ought to be submitted to in such a cause ; but the war which his majesty 's ; ministers appear determined to wage with America would be an unjust and unnecessary war , a war without ground or pretence . Upon their own ground of colonial monopoly they ought to rescind the Orders in Council , upon the proposition of America ; as then , by the very terms of that proposition , they would have , in effect , a colonial monopoly , and America would be at war with France . By rescinding the Orders in Council , as proposed by America , they will secure , in effect , all the advantages which they proposed to themselves , as the result of the operation of those Orders , with the great additional advantage of conciliating America , and securing her friendship . It is deeply to be lamented , that this proposition on the part of America was not acceded to in August last when made : it is of great importance , in my opinion , that that proposition should be now acceded to . The Orders in Council , unjust in their principle , are now proved to be most injurious , in their effect , to the interests of this country , whilst the pretence , on which they were founded , is now completely taken away ; it being proved to demonstration , that America does not acquiesce in the infringement of her neutral rights by the Decrees of France.— His Lordship concluded with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , humbly to represent to his majesty , that in consequence of certain Decrees , made by his majesty 's enemies , contrary to the usages of war , and the rights of neutral nations ; and also in consequence of the alledged acquiescence of neutral nations in the said Decrees , his majesty was advised to issue certain Orders in Council respecting the trade of neutrals to and from the ports and countries of his majesty 's enemies : and that the said Orders were further enforced by certain acts passed in the last session of Parliament : but that both in the said Orders and in the Acts passed thereon , a power was reserved to his majesty of