they could expect in future nothing but similar results . said that as upon that day week the 1120 establishment for the army had been voted , he had now only to move for the remaining Estimates which had upon that day been postponed . There would be found some increase in some few Estimates , owing to the increase of our effective force within the year ; most , however , of the Estimates would be found to be nearly the same as those of the last year . The firs article in which any material difference had occurred , was in that of the Estimates for the Staff and Garrison . The Staff abroad had been necessarily increased , particularly in Spain and Portugal . There had been before that 10,000l.allowed for the Staff abroad , on the score of Contingencies , but this sum had not been found to be adequate . The next article of increase was that of the Estimates for the full pay of the Supernumerary Officers ; and there would be also found in the Estimates of the public department , an increase of 60,000l . but , as a balance against this , the public fees in the Pay Office , and in some measure in the War Office , had been done away . Besides , he wished the Committee to observe that much of what was hitherto rated under the head of Contingencies , was now reduced to distinct and specified Estimate , so that in fact there was no increase of expence , it was merely nominal and only an increase of Estimate . There would be found , too , some small increase as to the charge of the Half Pay Fund , and also in the Estimate for the Out-Pensioners ; the increase on account of the expences of the Local Militia could be obviously accounted for ; that description of force far exceeded in expence the Volunteer establishment , the increase would amount to 1,200,000l ; there was a rough Estimate of the cloathing for the Local Militia of 400,000l ; but his sum would go to provide for the four succeeding years . There would be also a slight increase in the Estimates for the Royal Military College and Military Asylum . The rest of the Estimates would be found to be the same as last year . said , that when the excess of the Estimates for the current year over those of the past amounted to 1,500,000l . that house had some right to demand every explanation as to the cause and circumstances of the increase . The excess in the Estimate for the Public Departments amounted to 60,000l . There was charged for the Exchequer Fees 96,601l . when the Foes themselves amounted only to 11,600l . For the office of the Paymasters General the Estimate was 54,771l . exceeding the 1121 same of last year by 20,000l . This increase had been accounted for by the addition to the number of deputy paymasters , but were not many of those places sinecures ; The allowance for the expences of the office of Secretary at War , his deputies , clerks , and assistants , was this year 54,848l . here the excess over that of the last year amounted to 27,848l . There had been also an excess in the Estimate for the Foreign Corps . There had been also introduced new heads of Estimates that had never been mentioned before . There were under these heads miscellaneous charges to the amount of 70,800l . ; of this 54,000l . was under new heads . For the Foreign Depot there had been a charge of 5,000l . which was new . There had been also a new Estimate , under the head of Foreign Invalids , which amounted to 4,830l . He wished to have these additional charges accounted for . said , that with respect to the public department , the increase was merely nominal , the fees having been allotted to the expenditure of the War Office . There had been an addition of one or two clerks ,