the last offer of negotiation was made , he by no means meant to declare it as his opinion , that this country ought never to consent to the commencement of another negotiation , while Spain should continue in the hands of the French government.—On the subject of Sweden also he conceived that there was much room for further remark . We might probably be paying our 100,000l . a month , merely for the purpose of having that sum used , however reluctantly , by Sweden to assist in the endeavour to exclude us from the Baltic . He condemned the levity with which the subjects of Spain and Portugal had last night been treated by the 92 gentlemen opposite . Those gentlemen did not think they could possibly be called upon to answer for their conduct as culprits . When the day of investigation should come , he hoped that they would be able to exculpate themselves ; but if it should turn out that the country was involved in a very great calamity ; if the result should be that one of the finest armies that this country could ever boast , would be compelled to pass sub furca , then unquestionabiy it would become a matter of serious investigation , whether the fault lay with those who planned or with those who executed ; for to one of the parties it must necessarily attach . gave notice , that on Friday next he would submit to the house a motion relative to the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , Commander in Chief of the British Army , with respect to the granting of Commissions , the making of Exchanges , and the raising of Levies for the Army . was anxious to be informed , by the noble lord opposite , as to the situation of two very respectable members of that house . He wished to know whether that noble lord 's gallant relation , general Stewart , still retained his office of Under Secretary of State for the War Department ; and whether sir A. Wellesley still retained his office of Chief Secretary for Ireland ? If not , be wished to be informed at what period those two distinguished officers discontinued to hold those situations ? replied , that general Stewart was certainly still in legal possession of his office , for which if any blame was attributable , it was attributable to himself ( lord C. ) alone . But he could inform the hon . gent , that from the moment that officer quitted Portsmouth , he declined receiving any of the emoluments which arose from his civil situation . With respect to sir A. Wellesley , he did certainly consider that he was at the present moment in possession , and discharging the functions of the Chief Secretaryship for Ireland . made a few observations on the inconvenience to which the public service must be liable , by allowing the persons holding such offices , and particularly that of sir A. Wellesley , to be so long absent from their duty . stated , that a noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) , whose absence , en account of illness , he had to regret , but whose illness would not , he hoped , be of long continuance , had requested him to state to the house , that if he had been enabled to be present , he should have joined in every tribute of applause to the merits of sir Arthur Wellesley . His noble friend had also requested him to move , that the lords be summoned for this day fortnight , when it was the intention of his noble friend to bring forward a motion to address his majesty to rescind the Orders in Council ; and to found that motion upon the Letter which had been published from Mr. Pinckney , the American minister , to our Government ; and the Answer of the Secretary of State . It was requisite that those papers should be before the house , and his lordship , therefore , moved for