cause which we affected to call glorious and to esteem invincible . There was another extreme more congenial to the feelings of this country , though not in his opinion more reconcilable with sound policy : it was , that there was no medium between a great effort , and the whole effort , and recommended that not a soldier should be kept at home . Without taking any notice of the effects that such a measure might produce at home , if in such a case our efforts should be attended with disaster ( and disaster must in all cases be provided against ) yet , putting the possibility of disaster out of the question , the thing would be in itself impracticable . There was a limit beyond which they could not go : in short , they must necessarily keep within the limits of the national credit , and there need no more be said in answer to this second opinion , than that it was impossible to act upon it . Then the question , to which they were come , was , whether the effort , which had been made by his majesty 's ministers to co-operate with our allies in Spain , had been sufficient ; and the assistance thus given would be best judged of by being considered in a three-fold relation : First , as to its extent ; secondly , as to its course ; and thirdly , as to its ability . In reference to its extent ; when information had been first received by his majesty 's ministers , that a supply of British troops was wished for to act in concert with the native armies 1080 in Spain , there were sent , exclusive of the 10,000 men liberated in the north of Europe under the command of the marquis Romana , no less a force than 45,000 or 50,000 men , nearly 50,000 rank and file into the Peninsula . Besides this army government had issued orders , that the forces in the Mediterranean should send out detachments to act in Catalonia , though subsequent circumstances interposed to prevent those detached troops from rendering that service , which it was then intended to employ them in . If , then , an army of 45,000 men be thought sufficiently considerable in its extent , the next question for the house to consider would be , did they give that army a proper direction ; that army once in Portugal , did it from thence get a proper direction ? He put the question this way , for he did not want to revive the debate upon the Convention , and therefore he should follow the example of the right hon . gent. , and pass over that part . The right hon . gent was ready to admit , that the north of Spain was the best scene for our co-operation , but he assured the right hon . gent . he was not now going to the Pyrenees . He could conceive a man of common sense going to Saint Andero , but he could not conceive a man of sound sense , going to the Pyrenees . He was going merely to that question put by the right hon . gent. , as to what could have detained the British army so long during the interval , previous to the Kith of October , the day on which they made their first movement on their march from Portugal to Spain . If the right hon . gent . had taken the information he ( lord C. ) had offered him , he could have been enabled to have answered his own question ; but it was to be taken into consideration what was the difficulty of carrying an army beyond Corunna after the month of September . The port of Saint Andero might have been thought preferable ; but that port was extremely small ; and he put it to the house , in what situation an army would have been , with 40 or 50,000 French in the neighbourhood of Vittoria , that army