was happy to call his lion , friend , but who had been more than once stigmatized , in the course of this enquiry , by the appellation of the accuser . His hon . friend , he would say , had not been fairly dealt by : for in the arduous and important task he had undertaken from an imperious sense of public duty , he had not been allowed to proceed in the mode he himself would have chosen , but was forced to adopt the line suggested by a learned gentleman in that house , who was the avowed friend and adviser of the party accused . He believed this was the first time when , on any similar proceeding , the person bringing forward a charge for the sake of public justice was refused the liberty of choosing his own mode of conducting his proceeding , and forced to adopt the line pointed out by the friend and adviser of the accused . His hon . friend had been obliged to go on day after day , without interval or respite , tinder the fatiguing exertions inseparable from the duty he had undertaken , up to the very moment when he ( the noble lord ) seeing him oppressed , and sinking under the task by mere fatigue of mind and body , had come forward to his assistance . His hon . friend , in the side he had taken , was allowed no such assistants as a Low-ten , or a Wilkinson . He was obliged to do the whole duty , and seek evidence where he could find it . The noble lord trusted it would never be forgotten in that house , that it would be held in everlasting remembrance by the country at large , that his honourable friend had been obliged to follow up his duty , under 660 threats repeatedly held out to intimidate him . Menaces had been frequently uttered , that infamy would attach to him if he failed in his pursuit . But , nevertheless , his honourable friend had gone on , day after day , in spite of such menaces , and performed his public duty , as became a member of that house . Having stated thus much in behalf of his hon . friend , there were some other points to which he had now to call the attention of the house , in respect to some papers to which he had alluded yesterday , and the particulars of which he did not think he was bound to conceal from the house . As to any attempt at stigmatizing , the motives by which he was actuated , he felt the most perfect indifference . In addition to the proofs in the hands of his hon . friend , a clue to other documents had been given him by a gentleman who did not wish to be brought forward ; but who stated that he had seen in the possession of a person in the city some papers of an important nature , chiefly affecting the D. of York . Those papers , he said , were in the hands of a person who did not wish to produce them . He did not name the person , but left it for conjecture to find him out from the mere suggestion of a remote clue , that he was the solicitor to a banker , whom he named , and that they had come into his hands in consequence of a bankruptcy . There were several bankers of the same name ; but he ( Lord F. ) undertook the inquiry , and found out the solicitor , called on him , and asked him if he had the papers ? He said he had . He was then asked whether he would produce them ? He answered , that he wished not to do so . His reason was asked : and he answered that he did not wish to appear at the bar of the house of commons , lest he might be looked upon as an informer , or