submitted to their inspection , was feigned or real , and whether they would not be better able to judge , from persons of such experience , than by their own only ; on that ground , he should apprehend the Committee would come to a decision . rose to order : —He thought the proper course of examination was that which had been pursued by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . did not understand the objection of his hon . friend on the opposite side . His hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Beresford ) having formed his own judgment by an attention to the formation of the letters , wished to direct the attention of the witness to the particular circumstances which had weighed with himself before he asked him the general question . This he thought perfectly proper ; and as his hon . friend had been in a situation where he himself had been in the habit of comparing hands , he had given up the examination of this witness to him . contended that the examination ought to be confined to the general question ; for as to a trifling difference in a word or a letter , the hand-writing of each of the members of the house might so far vary at different times . But the point was , whether , on a view of the whole the witness was of opinion that the writings were the same . The question he thought the more improper , as the hon . gent . had founded it on an opinion of his own . was sorry to interpose , but he had an objection to state different from that of his right hon . friend , who had just sat down . He thought it of great importance that the house and the committee should be consistent . A witness had been before rejected because he could speak only from signatures , and this witness stood in the same situation . remarked that the witnesses now called were not called with a view to prove the handwriting of the D. of Y. , but to say whether the two papers shewn them were in the same hand-writing . The question , he contended , was in substance unobjectionable ; for it was proper and important to direct the attention of the witness to the materials upon which he was to judge ; and this he supposed was the object of his hon . friend . said , that the house had de- 858 cided that these witnesses should be called , and therefore he had nothing to say on that point ; but he was very anxious that it should not go forth to the public that there was any thing like an attempt to lead the witness . The object was to get at the truth . The question had a manifest tendency to lead the evidence . This would not serve the cause of truth ; and on that account his feeling was strong against it . stated , that having been himself in the habit of examining handwritings with a view to detect forgeries , he had looked at the Note and the other Letters , and had made observations which appeared to several gentlemen to whom he mentioned them to have weight . He had refrained from asking any questions of the two first witnesses , as he might from the circumstance have a prejudice in his mind that might lead him to ask an improper question.— ( A laugh ) . But the gentlemen around him seemed to think there was no impropriety in his asking questions , and pointing out the particulars to which he wished the witness to attend before he gave the general answer . But he would be sorry to press any question which might be thought improper , and if there was any objection to his last question , he would abandon it . thought the question very improper in the peculiar circumstances under which these witnesses came before the committee . They had already examined the papers , and of course had