worth attending to . Did he mean to say , setting every political consideration out of the question , that our feelings were not interested in the rescue of our ancient allies from the tyrannous grasp of an usurper ? Was it no object to secure the Russian fleet in the Tagus ? Our ancient allies were in insurrection , calling on us for our aid , and the whole world was fixed in attention on the British government , to see whether that aid would be afforded , or whether we would desert the cause of these to whom we were hound by the long accustomed ties of friendship and amity . It was at this momentous interval , dubious where or whether we could land in Spain , that the noble lord would advise that the forces should have been kept at home doing nothing , till every thing was ascertained and settled , rather than be sent out 952 with a discretionary power to the commanders to act in one or other situation as circumstances required ( Hear , hear ! ) . As to what had been said respecting the firing of the guns on the receipt of the intelligence of the Convention , he had no hesitation in saying , that the rescue of our allies from the grasp of their oppressors , and the expulsion of the French army from Portugal , were circumstances of which we ought to be proud , and which justified the firing the guns . If the right hon . gent . would but recollect , he must admit , that , since the commencement of the French Revolution , except in the issue of the campaign in Egypt , there had been no instance of such signal defeat of French objects , as in the expulsion of Junot 's army from Portugal . Notwithstanding , therefore , all that had been said on this subject , it was his conviction , that there had been enough of triumph on the whole to justify the demonstration of joy manifested by firing the guns.—One word he had to add respecting a point , upon which he differed from his right hon . friend ( sir A. Wellesley ) as to the course which had been pursued by government on this occasion . His right hon . friend had , in a fair and manly manner , expressed what he thought necessary for the justification of his character . But , whilst he was ready to do justice to his feelings , he could not coincide in his opinion upon the subject of the Court of Inquiry . In what manner , he would ask , could an Inquiry be instituted , except as had been clone , by the appointment of a Board of General Officers to examine into the circumstances of the transaction , and ascertain , whether any ground of charge existed against any of the parties ? It had been admitted on all hands , that some Inquiry was necessary , but , in the actual state of the information which government had upon the subject , a Court Martial could not have been resorted to without injustice to one of the officers against whom a distinct charge might have been brought . In the cases quoted by the noble lord , not only had a ground of charge existed , but a Court Martial could have been resorted to without any inconvenience , as all the officers , whom it might have been necessary to examine , were in the country . In this case , however , it was not thought desirable to resort to a fishing Court Martial , when also it would have been necessary to have brought so many officers from their duty in Spain , to attend its proceedings . The course therefore pur- 953 sued by government was not only the most desirable , but was also justified by two precedents in good times . It had been said that on a late occasion ( that of general Whitelocke ) a Court Martial had been resorted to without any previous