against France , and all the abundant benefits would result from the concession , which an extensive intercourse with America must inevitably secure . having left the woolsack , said , that the late ministers had perfectly concurred in the principle of retaliation , which it was the object of those Orders in Council to regard and enforce . To agree to the Address would be to contradict every opinion their lordships had before pronounced , unless some new case could be presented which rendered a 799 change in the measure expedient . The noble mover and the noble baron who had just spoken , differed as to the event on revoking the Orders in Council ; the one only contemplated the cessation of the Embargo as the consequence ; the other looked to a much more extensive result , which he ( the Lord Chancellor ) could not admit to be at all a necessary or probable effect . On the whole , he trusted that the same policy would be adhered to which had been adopted after so much grave deliberation . said , that in every discussion on the Orders in Council , and as an answer to every statement of the calamities that had flowed from them , it was the constant and invariable practice of noble lords on the other side to refer to the order of the 7th of January . Accordingly , his noble and learned friend had laid all upon the 7th of January ; though certainly nothing could be more distinct than the measure of that period and the memorable Orders in Council which were the source and fountain of the incalculable mischiefs which the noble lord , the mover of the question had so emphatically described . The noble and learned lord had described the admirable paper of his noble friend as the joint production of the states man and the lawyer . Highly as he would be flattered by the reputation of having contributed , in the least degree , to the composition of that paper , he must declare , that he had only to admire it in common with every man who heard it , but could lay claim to no part of its merits . It contained in itself the whole statement , and all the argument of the case . He had no occasion to refresh his memory by looking back to his own minutes . It presented him with a full view of the impolicy , the mischief , the ruin of the measure . The noble and learned lord ( Erskine ) summoned the secretary of state ( according to the fashion of the day ) to meet him fairly on the point , and say whether it would not be much more advantageous , as well as more graceful in the British Government , to take advantage of the proposition , which the Americans had made to the two belligerent 's , and instantly to do away the Ordure in Council . He challenged him to meet and argue the case fairly ; whether , even on their own proceeding , this would not be the more prudent as well as more dignified course . By the letter of Mr. Erskine , they had directed him to say , that if the French did away their Decree , our 800 Orders in Council would of course be at an end . They had put themselves therefore , into that predicament , in which if the French yielded , they must yield also ; and then they were to come in for a share only , in common with France , of the American commerce . Whereas if they took advantage of the offer fairly made by the Americans , and repealed their Orders in Council , without waiting for the French repeal , they would have a monopoly of the American commerce , and would be able to deprive the French of all participation in it . As a matter of policy , therefore , as well as of grace , they ought not to omit this opportunity which their own misconduct