presented itself in Europe , British interests might call them for the defence of another part of the world ; while , at the same time we must keep an invincible army on our own shores to protect them from danger and from insult . He hoped that these considerations would be considered as sufficient arguments for the general principle of increasing the disposable force . He believed an hon . gent . on the other side had fallen into a great mistake in stating the diminution of the army in the present year , and he believed the mistake arose from the artillery being included in the return of the last year , who were not included in the return of the present . In considering how the army was at present organized , there were 126 battalions of infantry , whose numbers exceeded 6OO , and there were 56 that fell short in number . It was well known that battalions , not amounting to 600 , were considered inefficient , and not fit for service , and that the efficiency of the army depended a great deal on the battalions being full and complete . It this measure obtained 27,000 men , it would complete all the battalions of our infantry up to 900 men . There never was , perhaps , a more efficient army for its number , than that which was lately acting upon the continent . In Portugal there were about 29.000 men in 32 regiments ; if there was now a deficiency in the fulness of our battalions , from the losses of that campaign , it was absolutely necessary that it should be repaired . This was a measure which would not only increase the disposable force , but ameliorate the internal 322 organization of our army , and prevent the country being burdened with inefficient second battalions.—He should next advert to a former topic . Namely , the comparative merit of the plan of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , and the experiment which he had thought it proper to make , of allowing men ( if they pleased ) to enlist for unlimited service . Now , if the gentlemen on the other side contended , that experience had decided in favour of the theoretic principles of the right hon . gent . he thought he could account for the result . His experiment had , in fact , been only tried for the last six months . For the first eight months of the time the gentlemen began their calculation , it was contrary to law for men to enlist for unlimited service , and therefore all the recruits which were got were for the limited service . For several months after it was lawful , it did not appear to be generally understood in the army . It was not till the last six months that any had begun to enlist for unlimited service . The first month only 12 men enlisted for unlimited service ; but as the thing became understood . the number progressively increased . In the month of December , no less than 970 preferred the unlimited service . Of the last 1,400 recruits which were raised , about 1,100 chose the unlimited service ; so that , instead of his experiment having failed , he thought it was evident that men preferred generally the unlimited service to the limited , and the profession of a soldier to the seven years service , which looked more like a trade . He had been twitted with its being an Irish discovery , perhaps suited to the temper and spirit of the Irish nation , but not adapted to this country or its more sober neighbour , Scotland . The event , however , did not justify this charge , as he was always much more disposed to rest his arguments on experience and facts , than upon abstract principles of philosophy . He was perfectly convinced that there was no other rational ground for the system of the right hon . gent. , than that it was likely to