'' ) If the right hon . gent , would not name the person , it must be taken for granted that he had no ground for his insinuation . called on the right hon . gent , to state the ground of his belief , that his hon . friend ( Mr. Smith ) stated what he had done without any authority . said , the hon . gent , himself had admitted it . said it was impossible what he had said in reply could be the foundation for the original insinuation made by the right hon . gentleman . repeated , that this was too serious a thing to be passed over , and he again called on the right hon . gent , to name the person whom he described as having sheltered himself in unmanly silence . protested against this unparliamentarily mode of calling on one hon . member to name another . replied , that if the right hon . gent , had sat near him , he would not have been surprised at his feelings ; when the right hon . secretary , by a direct insinuation , and by his gestures and looks , evidently directed towards himself , had pointed him out as the object of his attack . You had better all go home and go to bed . ( A loud laugh . ) The house having resumed , a conversation arose as to the day on which the Committee should meet again . stated , that he had used the freedom some days ago , understanding that 364 his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) was about to bring forward charges of the kind he had done , to send to him , requesting that he would be cautious how he interfered in the business , he having reason to believe that , with the very best intentions , his hon . friend had lent himself to the designs of a foul conspiracy . He was sorry to understand that his hon . friend had not received that message , for , in the end , he was assured , he would find that he had been decoyed into a foul and unprincipled association . Were we , however , to be told that such grave and important charges—charges by which the vital interests of the country at this critical moment were affected , in which it was a question whether any officer or soldier in the British army ought or ought not to look up with reverence and respect to their head ; whether , indeed , he was worthy of continuing a moment longer in the command of the army : were we to be told that in such a case as this any delay ought to be admitted ? The hon . gent , forsooth , was not ready to prove his charges ! Yes , but he was ready to make them ! Of delay in such a case , the honour , the best interests of the country , would not admit . If the hon . gent . chose to make his charges , he must be ready to prove them . It was at length settled that the Committee should sit again on Tuesday , and that capt . Huxley sandon , Mr. Donovan , Mrs. Clarke , Mrs. Shaw , & c. be summoned to attend.—Adjourned at twelve o'clock . in pursuance of notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill for amending and reduciug into one , the several Acts for raising and 366 training the Militia in Ireland . The first act respecting the Militia in Ireland had been passed in the year 1793 , but the provisions which were then found efficient for the raising and training the then first raised Militia in that country were afterwards found inadequate when the Militia had once been embodied . Consequently , several acts had been passed in the Irish parliament , and since in the imperial parliament , to amend , the act of 1793 . In these acts there were many provisions which were inconsistent