and to the character of the house , they were thereby reduced to the necessity of submitting to see a measure which was only temporary , become permanent , without either the attention or attendance of the house . He should , therefore , reserve himself till the opportunity arrived of discussing it attentively , only contenting himself with saying , that however politically hostile he might be to the present administration , there was no measure , their conduct respecting Spain not excepted ; he 655 would sooner take , whereon to form a just estimate of the weakness of their counsels . wished to ask the right hon . secretary for Ireland , whether or not any steps had been taken for the criminal prosecution of the late collector for Cork , in consequence of his embezzlement of the public money ? answered , he did not understand that any steps had been taken for his prosecution : he was now , however , in gaol . then gave notice , that he should , on Friday next , move for leave to bring in a Bill to constitute Embezzlement of the Public Money by any collector or agent entrusted with the receipt thereof , a felony , without benefit of clergy . rose to call the attention of the house to the subject of a motion made by an hon . gent . yesterday , for a writ to issue for the election of a member for Stamford , in the room of gen. Bertie , now a peer of the united kingdom . But first , he moved that the act be read which explained the cases wherein members should be deemed to have vacated their seats.— [ It was read accordingly . ] —The noble lord then observed , that although he was sure the motion of the hon . gent . last night for the writ in question to issue , was made with the worthiest motives , yet it appeared to him that his zeal was rather premature , as such a motion could only be warranted by a thorough conviction of the fact that the hon . general had really vacated his seat ; by a letter in his hand from gen. Bertie , it appeared that that hon . member was not himself conscious of having vacated his seat ; neither did he appear , under the meaning of the act now read , to have done so , by any thing stated in the motive assigned for the hon . gent 's motion . It was true , indeed , that gen. Bertie had ground to consider himself as next heir to the noble title of Lindsey , and consequently a peer of the united kingdom , and might have received his summons under the great seal to assume that title ; but , then he was not summoned to take his seat as a peer of parliament , which was necessary , in order to vacate his seat in that house , 656 where peers of Ireland and Scotland , not of the upper house of parliament , might sit as members . Besides , so far from being actually in the possession of the title of Lindsey , it was necessary for the hon . general to go into the investigation of records for 160 years , in order to prove his claims . He , therefore , concluded by a wish lo put some motion for withdrawing the writ , or annulling the order of yesterday . said , that he was not aware of the circumstances now stated by the noble lord , when he made his motion for the writ yesterday . It had been communicated to him , that gen. Bertie was come to the title , and summoned to the upper house , and therefore feeling that the light of election and representation was the privilege of the electors of Stamford , he had moved for the writ . rose to stale , with leave of the house , what occurred to him on the subject . It was usual with the house