necessary for him to notice . It was said , that less valuable horses had been selected , in order that the loss to the public should be lighter in the event of their being destroyed ; as if they had been sent out to be sacrificed ! Why , the same reasoning may be applied to the ordinary comforts or necessaries of life ; when we shall see at once its extreme absurdity . What opinion would be entertained of the understanding of a man , who should say , `` give me a bad coat , a bad horse , or a bad house , as I shall then lose the less , if they be destroyed ? '' At this rate men must chuse their possessions upon principles the very reverse of those commonly followed , and instead of selecting the best of every thing , must endeavour to get the worst . This is not the common way . Men calculate commonly upon the value of a thing , while they have it , and not upon the loss they must sustain in losing it , which must be greater always as the thing is better . But the hon . gentlemen say , `` this is a mistake ; it is the loss and not the use that is to be considered . Chuse me that which I may part with , without regret . '' I suppose it was upon this principle , that the present Administration was chosen , But does it escape the noble 945 lord , that in many instances things good of their kind , besides that the value of the use compensates the evil of losing them , are less likely to be lost ? And that part of their excellence consists in that very circumstance ? One of the excellencies of a house is that it may be expected to stand long . One of the advantages of a good ship that it is less liable to be lost . This is eminently true in the case of troops and armaments . The capture of good troops is , it will be admitted , a greater evil than that of an equal number of bad ones ; but then it must be allowed , that good troops are less likely to be captured . Such a perversion of argument and commonsense never was heard of , he supposed , since the days when reasoning began till the present moment.—The noble lord had stated , that it would have been improper to send out a large army under an inferior general ; that a large force required , as it were , a large general ; but surely it did not follow from that position , that a small army must be sent out with a small general ? It was not necessary that the general and the army should fit with such exactness . There was not the same danger in making the general too big as in making him too little . When he used the word 'little , ' with reference to any thing that had passed , he certainly must be understood to mean , little in rank , not little in talents . Why , however , should they not put their best foot forward at once ? Why not send out , in the first instance , the proper general with a small army , especially when that small army was to be immediately encreased to a large one ? It was from the neglect of this principle , that the rapid supercession of the generals , and all the calamitous consequences of the campaign , had arisen . He could not conceive a more perfect recipe for exciting dissention and jealousy in an army ; for sweeping away all cordiality and union from amongst its members ; and destroying every prospect of the prosperous issue of a campaign . The hon . general had stated , that , from the first moment of their arrival , he perceived he could not flatter himself , that he possessed the confidence of either of