as a mere ruse de guerre , a lure to entrap this country into such a course , as would produce the very effects by your retaliating decrees , which he had vainly and ineffectually hoped to produce by his own ? The artifice succeeded , and , I am afraid , from the consequences to our manufactures , that we shall have a whole nation calling for bread . If the offer of America had been accepted , the commerce of this country would be in a better situation than if the demands of our government had been complied with . We should then have the monopoly of the whole trade of America ; whereas , if the Berlin Decree had been rescinded and our Orders in Council revoked in consequence , France would share with us that trade . If we had accepted the offers of America , there was no reason why we should not have the ports of 1175 America now open to us , why we should not have the wheat from her stores , and the cotton for our manufactures , no reason why we should not have that country for our ally in the present war . But , the right lion , gent. , elevated by temporary prosperity , disdained this , conciliatory proposal of America , and expressed the refusal of his sovereign in a Note , which certainly savoured much of himself ( a laugh ) ; for whether he is employed in discussions in this house ; whether engaged in pacific overtures with hostile , or in adjusting differences with neutral , nations ; in every sentence and in every point , you are sure to see the author . The right hon . gent . 's eloquence is of a stormy description , full of bursts of genius and confiscations of talent , but it has all the other ingredients of a storm ; vapour , cloud , and wind . But there is one expression in a note of the right hon . gent . that surprizes me , I mean where he complains of the tone of Mr. Pinkney 's note ; like a joker , who dislikes to be joked with in return , particularly when the joke is against him , he feels uneasy under the tone of a firm communication . With sir Anthony Absolute in the comedy , the right hon . gent . cries , `` What `` the devil are you in a passion for ; why `` are you not as cool as I am ? '' ( Loud laughing . ) And here , sir , I must remark upon the manner in which the right hon . gent . after having had several friendly conversations with Mr. Pinkney upon the subject of the late offer of the American , government , suddenly and without any apparent ground , insisted upon the indispensible necessity of having the proposition formally conveyed to him in an official note . It could not be the object of the right hon . gent . in this change of the mode of communication to be put more fully into possession of the terms of the American offer , for he had thorough information upon that head in his various conversations with Mr. Pinkney . Consequently , when asked by Mr. Pinkney what his reason was for this demand , the right hon . gent . replied , that it was in order to guard against misrepresentation . Would not one suppose , that this precaution was intended in an official communication with an American ambassador , to guard against misrepresentation on the part of the President , or of some member of the legislature of the United States ? But it was no such thing . The right hon . gent . wanted to guard against the misrepresentations of the American 1176 news-papers . Why , Sir , we are all liable to be misrepresented in the news-papers . I dare say I shall be misrepresented to-morrow , and , if the right hon . gent . will do me the honour to