and they will be enabled to judge how far Portugal was a country , on which , from considerations of expence or delay , any reliance was to be placed for obtaining the necessary supplies for the army . You will find that sir A. Wellesley was of opinion , that no exertions whatever could have drawn from Portugal a supply of bread . A little further he states , that the supplies of cattle for slaughter were not sufficient for the army ; and in his letter to general Burrard he states , that Portugal is a country that never fed itself for more than seven months in the year ; and yet this was the country on which the noble lord , from considerations of expence , was to rely , not only for sustenance for the army , but for the means of facilitating the rapidity of its motions . The noble lord is not often œconomical ; but when his œconomy does come forward , it produces considerable effect . He deals with it as some men deal with their wealth , only to make a display of it . Philosophy has been stated to be a `` good horse in the stable , but a sorry jade on the road . '' The same may be said of œconomy , but the œconomy of the noble lord is of a different 910 nature ; it is always on the road , never in the stable . In times of peace , when no expeditions are going forward , then we have transports for 4,000 cavalry kept in readiness ; but in time of war , when every , thing depends upon rapidity of movement , then his œconomy will not allow more than transports for 7 or 800 horses ; and with respect to the horses that are to draw the artillery , his œconomy makes it necessary that they should be lame and blind , and unfit for service ; lastly , his œconomy in providing the necessary equipments for the army is such , that the supplies are to be drawn from a country , which has not the power of supplying itself with the means of existence for more than seven months in the yearœAfter all that I have mentioned with regard to the representations made to the noble lord , upon the necessity of sending out a supply of Cavalry , we find that so late as the 2d of August , the Instructions given to gen. Stuart were merely to call off Oporto , in order to see whether our army required the support of cavalry ; and this officer did not land until after the battle of Vimiera . In the letter of the noble lord to sir Arthur Wellesley , which is dated the 19th of August , after the surrender of Dupont , the retreat of Bessieres , and the flight of Joseph Buonaparté from Madrid was known ; after the appointment of so many general commanders ; after circumstances had called for such rapid and decisive action , I perceive that the noble lord expresses a hope , that the events alluded to would enable sir Arthur Wellesley to commence operations without delay ; the noble lord adding that he had the fullest reliance not less on that officer 's `` decision than his prudence . '' Such are the terms in which the noble lord addressed a general , whom he had determined to supersede . That the noble lord should profess to rely so much upon an officer whom he meant to remove , appears rather singular.—It may be said , that to correct the mischief of the successive appointments of these commanders a curious experiment was resorted to . A letter was written to the Commander in Chief , stating , that all the officers , including sir John Moore , were to understand , that although the gallant general ( sir Arthur Wellesley ) was superseded , he was superseded only de facto , and not de jure ; and that although they were placed in a situation , de facto ,