hon . gent. , was , according to his impression , that capt . Maling was unduly promoted without the claim of one hour 's service . The complexion which it that night assumed was , that his promotion was granted over the heads of many senior and meritorious officers . If such had been the ground on which the original statement was introduced , he believed the house would pause before it admitted of a question , whose discussion embraced the comparative merit of many officers in the service . Indeed , if such an option was not entrusted to the Commander in Chief , he was at a loss to understand what was the discretion of such a situation . But at all events , there was no very high and distinguished favour conferred by a promotion in the African regiment , a corps principally composed of convicts and deserters . thought it the duty of any member in bringing such serious charges previously to ascertain the facts on which he intended to proceed . He had to complain that this-was not the only instance in which the hon . member had shewn himself deficient in the necessary information . The instance in the case of col. French was mote aggravated ; that officer the hon . member had never seen , and though his evidence was most material , he was now out of the reach cither of him or of that house . It was cruelty to attack persons so distinguished in rank and office , on points where it was impossible to bring the proofs forward which were necessary to substantiate the accusation . had attended most accurately to the hon . gent . 's original statement , which was that capt . Maling had not been one hour in the service , and that he was still to he found at Mr. Greenwood 's desk . If the hon . gent , had stated his charge on a former night , as he had just done , he should have felt it his duty to move , that the house should reject the consideration of it , as a matter in which the judgment and discretion of the Commander in Chief ought freely to be exercised . declared , that he could not see how the house could enter upon any inquiry at all into the business , as now stated by the hon . gent . He perfectly agreed with the hon . gent . who had immediately preceded him , in the nature of the hon . gent . 's original accusation , but he now found that the charge preferred 344 by the hon . gent . amounted simply to this , that at the time when capt . Mating was promoted , there were subalterns in the army of a longer standing than himself . Now , he conceived , that it was an unquestionable prerogative of his majesty to appoint such persons to be officers in his army as he pleased , and that the house of commons had no power over that prerogative . If the regulation of a certain term of service were adhered to , the house had no right to interfere , and could not interfere without intrenching on the prerogative of the crown . wished the Inquiry to be proceeded with . The committee would recollect that they had a charge from the house to investigate the conduct of h. r. h. the Commander in Chief . The public impression against capt . Maling , and against the Commander in Chief , was a gross injustice therefore to both , and an injustice to the country . The charge ought to be negatived in evidence , and the committee must not be satisfied with the bare contradiction of it by the hon . accuser himself . wished to acquiesce in the general wishes of the committee , either to withdraw or to proceed with the charge . It was possible that in the warmth of discussion he might have stated in this charge something stronger than the case admitted . But on referring to