at Baylen , and those who rallied alter the defeat of Rio Seco , those who defended Madrid before they were soldiers , and drove the French out of Castile , were still staunch in the cause . The spirit of the people was unsubdued ; the boundaries of French power were confined within the limits of their military posts ; the throne of Joseph was erected on sand , and would totter with the first blast ; and Buonaparté , even should he succeed , instead of a yielding and unreproaching ally , would have an impatient , revolting , and turbulent nation to keep down . In this stale of things he could not admit that the cause of Spain was hopeless . Austria 1104 and Prussia had sunk under the fortune of Buonaparté ; but though his career had not been stopped , it had been interrupted by the unarmed population of Spain . The cause of Spain and of Europe was not therefore desperate , because our army of 30 or 40,000 men had been obliged to withdraw iron Spain ; and it was not just to the country , or to the army , which he hoped would again prove the stay and bulwark of Europe , to assert , that its honour was in consequence gone for ever . All the energy of liberty , and all the sacredness of loyalty , Still survived , and the Spanish revolution was , he trusted , destined by Providence to stand between posterity and French despotism ; and to shew to the world , that amidst the paroxysms of freedom a monarch might still be loved . If they could shew that these were the . feelings by which they were influenced , and that they had acted up to those feelings , : heir justification would be complete ; and he was convinced hat the liberal and disinterested measures of his majesty 's government towards Spain were more congenial to British feeling , and more honourable to the national character , than if they had set out in their career of assistance by picking up golden apples for ourselves . For himself , as an humble individual of his majesty 's government , and having a share in these transactions , the recollection , whatever might be the vote of that night , would be a source of gratification which he should carry with him to the grave Such had been the cause , in which his majesty 's ministers had embarked.—Such the principles , upon which they acted ; and such the objects which they had in view . He could not admit , though the result of the Campaign had not been such as they all would have wished , that therefore disgrace had been brought upon his majesty 's arms , when every operation of that campaign had proved so glorious for the character of the British army . If we had been obliged to quit Spain , we had left that country with fresh laurels blooming upon our brows : and whatever failure there had been upon the whole , he trusted might still be repaired . If that was to be brought forward as the ground for accusation , he stood there for judgment , and should submit with cheerfulness and patience to whatever sentence it might he the pleasure of the house to pass upon him . The object of the right hon . gent 's motion was obviously calculated to take the reins of government out of the hands of those who 1105 at present held them ; and upon that ground he desired that the present ministers might be judged by comparison . Was it the pleasure of the house that the cause of Spain should be abandoned ? Was it a principle agreed upon that the direction of the affairs of government should be committed to other hands ? If a new course was to be pursued with respect to Spain , undoubtedly the direction of affairs must be put into new hands . Was it then a settled opinion , that there was something fatal