before the house since Tuesday last , he hoped this would not be deemed an improper or unsuitable opportunity for considering the proposition which he had to submit to the house . To delay it any longer , would indeed , he should think , be a hardship . For any individual of his rank and connection must naturally be agitated , while a charge so materially affecting his character was suspended over him . Therefore , all who were disposed to consult the feelings of gen. Clavering , would concur with those who were desirous for justice in bringing the question respecting that officer to a speedy determination . He was not aware , indeed , of any good reason for delay . It had been suggested to him that this motion ought not to be proposed until the main question was disposed of ; because there were gentlemen who might be inclined to bring forward a similar charge against other witnesses . If this proposition were likely to affect the main question ; if it could be shewn that it was calculated to make either for or against the Duke of York , then , in that case , there would be a good ground for postponing it . But the evidence of gen. Clavering had no such tendency . The merit of every one of the witnesses should be considered on its own grounds . There might be less or more degrees of connection between them , but he would protest against the justice of examining them upon general grounds , upon impeaching them in a bulk , 1150 or upon a comparison of notes . It might be equitable to send other witnesses to Newgate ; but let the merit or demerit of each be examined upon separate grounds , as he proposed in this instance with regard to gen. Clavering . When the correctness of any other witness should be submitted to the consideration of the house , he should feel it his duty to come to the discussion in the same rule of justice which he called upon gentlemen to apply to the subject of his motion . But he should very ill discharge his duty , or deserve a reputation for common sense , if he did not Mark the difference which existed between the nature of general Clavering 's testimony , and that of any other witness . For not only would more mischief result from the impunity of this officer 's misconduct , but his case was if fact prominent and single in its character . In the first place , his evidence was quite voluntary ; he had no occasion to come forward . He begged that he might not be understood to insinuate that any occasion could justify prevarication ; but yet , if a witness were called for , if obliged to appear at the bar , it was natural that he should endeavour to defend himself from any thing like inculpation . But here the case was different : general Clavering was a volunteer witness ; he came forward of his own accord , and therefore was liable to the suspicion of designing to impose upon the house.—Here the hon . and learned gent . drew the attention of the house to the following questions , upon which he meant principally to rest his Resolution , and which he contended did not affect , in any manner , the deposition of the other witnesses . Those questions were the last put to this officer on the 10th of February , which was his first day 's examination.—had you any communication whatever on the subject of army promotions with Mrs. Clarke ? I never proposed any conversation of that kind , nor do I recollect any having ever existed , excepting at the period I before alluded to , when she requested I would recommend to the consideration of the Duke of York , lieutenant Sumner , of the 20th regiment . I understand you then to say , you had never at any time any communication or conversation what ever with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of