hon . gent . his warmest praises for the very manly , open ; and candid manner in which he had conducted himself through the whole of this inquiry . He was certain it must have been observed by the whole Committee , and wanted only the addition of his hon . friend 's testimony , who had unquestionably misconceived him , to make it complete . He hoped , therefore , his hon . friend would reflect on what had passed , and he was sure he would come to a very different opinion on the subject to what he had so lately expressed . coincided in opinion with his hon . friend who had just sat down , as to the open and candid conduct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer throughout the whole of the inquiry , which he thought deserving his warmest approbation , and of which he was sure a misconception only could have drawn to it the animadversion of the hon . gent. , who had with equal candour brought forward these charges . said , he had certainly felt otherwise the moment he delivered his sentiments ; but from what had been said by his hon . friend and the noble lord who had just sat down , and since the very handsome explanation which the right hon . gent . had done him the honour to give upon the subject , he was very happy to say , that what had fallen from him so recently on that , head was merely the effect of misunderstanding . said , 839 before he moved that the Chairman should report progress , it was necessary to consider when he should ask leave to sit again . He had been in hopes that they would have been able to come to a conclusion in the course of the present sitting , but such a mass of fresh evidence had unexpectedly and suddenly come before the Committee , in consequence of searching capt . Huxley Sandon 's bureau , in order to find the Note supposed to have been destroyed , and reported by the Select Committee to be referable to this inquiry , as would make it impossible to take it into consideration that night ; he thought the Committee might meet on Monday , and that in the interim gentlemen might pause , or take extracts from those letters , and on that day ask leave to sit again at such time as might then be deemed most proper and convenient . The Chairman then left the Chair , the house was resumed , the Chairman reported progress , and it was ordered that the Committee meet again on Monday.—Capt . Huxley Sandon was ordered to be remanded to Newgate . observed , that it would be necessary the letters he had just alluded to should be sealed , and placed in the custody of some proper person or persons . It seemed , however , difficult to fix in whose hands they should be left , so as to give the members of that house an opportunity of seeing them , and making such extracts as they might severally think proper to make . intimated , that the proper officer to take care of the Papers was the Clerk of the Journals and Papers , and he should be ordered to permit members of the house to peruse and make extracts from them , but no one else . said , that an observation had been recently made by an hon . gent. , which appeared to him as highly important as any that had been made in the course of this examination , viz . That on a close inspection , the turn and texture of many of the letters in the Note of the D , of York was different from those of the other Letters said to be written by him . He could , therefore , wish that some other persons , such as those of the Bank or Post-office , who were in daily habits of examining different hand-writings for the purpose of detecting forgeries , might also