, they , of course , were not comprehended in the sum stated ; but lie apprehended that the 1,000l . a year must be included . observed , that this was one of the most serious inquiries that had ever been carried on before parliament , or the public . It was not only the impression it made on that house , but on the city and the country in general that was to be considered . It was in vain for them to shut their eyes to any part of the cause , and suppose that thereby they would shut the eyes of the nation . It was competent to any member of the Committee to state what he heard in every part of the town upon the subject , from persons of strong sense and sound judgment . The impression was— ( A loud cry of Order ! order ! ) observed , that he understood the hon . member to have risen to put a question to the right hon . gent . on the floor ; otherwise he was out of order . said , that he had intended to conclude what he had to say with a question ; but as he was not suffered to go on , he should put his question— '' Do you know that the D. of Y. did pay any and 828 what sum towards keeping the house in Gloucester—place for Mrs. C , in addition to the 1,000l . per annum ? '' replied , that he knew nothing of the allowance of 1,000l . a year , but from the witness at the bar . He never knew any thing of it from his royal highness . What he had stated , he had taken from a paper which he had in his hand , and which was an account of drafts paid to Messrs. Orramin , Lucas , and Co. for the establishment at Gloucester * place , from January 1804 to May 1806. rose to order . He had understood it to be the rule of the Committee , that each witness should answer only to facts within his own knowledge , from which rule the statement of the right hon . gent , was a departure . replied , that he had only answered to a question put ; and however irregular that question might be , an objection to it would come with propriety from any other quarter . admitted , that the right hon . gent . was not to blame , but insisted , that it was impossible to place his statement upon the Minutes . insisted that the statement must be placed some where or other . An honourable member had put a question , whether no more than 1000l . had been allowed for the establishment in Gloucester—place , leaving it to be inferred , that the rest was to be supplied by sinister means . When the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or any common member like himself , came forward with a statement to do away with such an impression , it ought to be placed upon the Minutes , and no honest man could object to it . ( Loud cries of Order , order ! ) declared that he had been misunderstood by the hon . gent. , as he had put the question in order to obviate any such impression as that alluded to by the hon . gentleman . Then , sir , any answer to your question is sufficient . ( Order , order , order ! ) . Any answer to your question— ( Order , order , order ! ) Any answer to your question is sufficient . ( Loud cries of Order , order , order ! ) . Why am I out of order ? Why am I out of order ? Why not give an opportunity of making known the answers through the same medium as the question ? stated , that his wish had been , when he rose before , to move that the statement of the Chancellor of the 829 Exchequer should be