avoid inconvenience , to cases of rebellion , or invasion , or upon addresses of both houses of parliament . Though aware of the little weight he possessed , yet if no other member should take the question up , he was determined in some stage of the bill to bring it under the consideration of the house . desired that he might be included in the reservation of his right hon . friend , not to be construed as approving of any project of the noble lord , until the house should be made acquainted with the deficiency to be supplied , and the amount to which the noble lord meant to increase the army . Then they could call upon the noble lord , from authoritative documents , to shew what he had done with the deficiency . He felt great difficulty in intrusting the right hon . gentlemen on the opposite side , with the management of a stronger disposable force , until they should show what had been done with the very efficient force voted last session . This , no doubt , the noble , lord would do . In opening his measure to the house the noble lord had abstained from entering into details , and seemed to think it a matter of course to take 26,000 men from the defensive force of the country for the increase of the regular army . As this was a military subject , he wished to ask the secretary at war when the Army Estimates would be laid before the house , and hoped that they would be presented in such a form as that the house would not have to discuss the Army and Ordnance Estimates on the same night , as happened last session , when , after a long debate upon the Army Estimates , the house at two o'clock in the morning was called on to vote the Ordnance Estimates , exceeding four millions . He hoped , too , that the noble lord would have no objection to lay before the house an account of the effective strength of the army , before the second reading of the bill . did not think this the proper time for discussing the merits of the measure , and hoped , that the debate would not be continued to any 166 length . With respect to the question of the hon . member , he was sure that his right hon . friends could have no objection to the production of the fullest accounts that could be desired . But he apprehended , that it would not be necessary to delay , till they should be produced , the discussion of a measure for adding to the strength of the army . If the right hon . gent . really thought that the army had been wasted , shamefully wasted , as stated by him , surely he could not think this the moment , in such times , to delay measures for repairing that waste . It was to protest against this imputation of waste that he had risen ; and whenever the question should be brought before the house , he was convinced that his noble friend could feel neither indisposition nor difficulty , to defend the application of the disposable force of the country . Whether it should be desirable or not to send out other assistance to Spain , or whether it would have been wise in his majesty 's government to abstain from sending out assistance at any time to that country , were questions , which there would be after opportunities of discussing . But if ever the house or the public should decide in the negative , it would then be for the hon . gentlemen to shew that there had been mismanagement . of that assistance , or how it could have been better applied under their more able management . After the various plans the house had heard for the conduct of the campaign , he was sure that neither he nor his colleagues had any thing to fear from the comparison . He had an