. He regretted that ministers had not availed themselves of the popular enthusiasm in favour of Spain to procure recruits for the army . Had they done so , he was persuaded the present measure would have been wholly unnecessary . However , as he heard of no other expedient from any quarter for keeping up the army to that efficient establishment which was universally admitted to be necessary , he would not , for that reason , and the extraordinary emergency of the moment , oppose the bill . observed , that notwithstanding the order of the house was 842 given on Friday se'nnight , the Army Estimates had not been printed till this afternoon . As soon as he was acquainted with the circumstance , he pressed the printer as much as possible to expedite the business ; but owing to the great mass of papers relating to the Inquiry into the Conduct of the Commander in Chief , it was not in his power to procure the Estimates sooner . However late they were ready , he trusted the house would have no objection to go into them to-day , as it would be a matter of great convenience to the regular army , the militia , and foreign corps.—Indeed , he could anticipate no objection , as the Estimates were nearly the same as those of last year , with the exception of 200,000l . arising from the actual increase of the establishment , which would be ascertained , by comparing the Estimates now offered with the last year 's accounts . The establishment had stood very high last year , but , by this comparison , it would be seen , that it had now reached much nearer the complete number of effectives . The Militia was nearly in the same state , and the Foreign Corps had rather increased . Another cause of the increase on the Estimate , was , from the additional expence in some things , which had before been voted among the extraordinaries of the army , but which were now introduced into the regular accounts.—It had been recommended by the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , to put every possible annual account into the Estimate ; and agreeing in the expediency of this mode , he had adopted their recommendation . The Estimate for the present year was also higher , on account of the last year 's expences exceeding the Estimate of that year . Another nominal addition also appeared on the face of the Estimate , namely , that of the allowance of a second Lieutenant-Colonel in regiments of cavalry , who , though they had formerly been borne , yet never appeared in these calculations . With regard to the number of effectives , which had been brought up so near the establishment , he could not now give a certain account , owing to the return of men lost in the Spanish Campaign not having been deducted . As for the non-effectives which appeared on the Estimate , that was very necessary , as the recruiting service was solely provided for out of that fund . Before he moved the several Estimates , he begged leave to notice , that in the course of the present session he should have to 843 propose some measure , for the benefit of Colonels of regiments , commensurate to the losses they sustained , in consequence of many late acts , which bore hard upon their accustomed profits . then explained the nature of these losses , and the hardship it was upon Colonels of regiments to pay at the rate of 35 per cent . as duties on necessaries exported for his majesty 's service . From this , and other taxes upon their profits , they were now 60 per cent . less than they were formerly . He was glad therefore to hear from the Secretary at War , that in consequence of the Sixth Report of Military Inquiry , some relief was intended to be afforded them in the course of this Session . said , that he had only waited till the whole Reports