army promotions , except in the case of lieutenant Sumner ? Certainly not , as being the subject of conversation . Had you any incidental conversation with Mrs. Clarke upon that subject ? A period 1151 of so many years having elapsed since that time , it is impossible to speak positively and accurately to a question so close as that , but to the best of my belief I do not think I had.—Do you of your own knowledge know that Mrs. Clarke used her influence in favour of any person whatever in the army with the Commander in Chief ? I do not.—Do you of your own knowledge know of any person asked her to use her influence with the commander in chief upon that subject ? I am not acquainted with any person that ever did ; I have heard reports of that nature , but I can not bring to my recollection any person positively , —Then you state positively that you do not know of any transaction of that nature ? None , to my certain knowledge . —Give a direct and positive answer to that question . I do not know of any transaction of that nature . —To my understanding , observed the hon . and learned gent , nothing could be more direct than this disavowal , and notwithstanding what had been said in every direction on the subject —notwithstanding what had transpired , and must have occurred to his memory—notwithstanding the publication of his own letters delivered in by Mrs. Clarke on the 15th of February , this officer does not offer to come forward until ten days after his first examination , prompted no doubt by the letters ; and what does he do ? He proposes an explanation of his former testimony ; and what was that explanation ? Why , truly , that he understood communication and conversation to mean merely personal , and that it had no reference whatever to correspondence . But does it appear that this officer had really no personal conversation with Mrs. Clarke upon the subject of army promotions ? On the contrary , we find in the letter of the Duke of York of the 24th August , a direct allusion to a request of this officer , where he states Clavering is mistaken in thinking that any new regiments are to be raised ; it is not intended ; only 2nd battalions to the existing corps . You had better , therefore , tell him so , and that you were sure that there would be no use in applying for him . What is the inference from this letter , and how is that inference confirmed , or rather made manifest , by general Clavering 's own letter of the 28th of August ? In this letter , the house will perceive he enters very fully into the nature of the proposal , respecting which Mrs. Clarke had applied to the Duke 1152 of York in vain , as his royal highness 's letter of the 24th of August explained . It will also be observed in this letter , that although general Clavering professed , at the bar , that he should consider it as a slur upon him if he had been overlooked in the promotions which took place in the 1804 ; if he had not been appointed a brigadier-general in the ordinary routine of merit , yet that he alludes to a recent obligation for his present appointment . Now , what does this recent obligation refer to , but to his commission of brigadier-general , which he had obtained on the 5th of June , as Mrs. Clarke stated . But let the house look to this officer 's letters of the 11th of November and 12th of December , in which he continued to address Mrs. Clarke upon military subjects : begging her to ascertain whether new regiments were about to be raised , and to acquaint him of it as soon as possible . With these facts in the recollection of the house , any gentleman disposed to acquit gen. Clavering of prevarication