overtures made to him from Erfurth , relative to excluding the Spaniards from the negociation . Perhaps he deserves the applause of mankind for his bravery and perseverance ; but what good , I may ask , can he thereby render to Spain or England ? When this vote of supply was proposed last year , I ventured to say , that the most prudent use Sweden could make of the money , was to procure a peace for herself , as it was totally impossible for her to resist her enemies , or be of the least advantage to her allies . Nothing can be more hurtful to us in the eyes of the world than endeavouring to involve the smaller countries in Europe in hostilities with France . The immense superiority of our naval power , our commerce , and prodigious wealth , enable us to look to a long continuance of war , perhaps with safety ; but what is that to the powers of the Continent ? Their resources are not great ; they have no means of offence against France ; and what advantage can we derive from the misfortunes of other countries ? Instead of being the arbiters and protectors of the Continent , we should , by so doing , be holding up ourselves as the cause of the ruin of other nations.—Having said thus much upon what comes under our notice in the speech itself , I must now take the liberty of making an observation or two upon what the speech omits to state—I mean in . regard to what relates to the United States of America . Much correspondence has taken place betwixt the American government and this country , as well as between America and France ; and we know that a direct overture was lately made by that power to us , and by us rejected . When the last session of 53 parliament concluded , we left America in a state of hostility and alienation , apparently with great probability of a connection with France leading her into a state of war with us . The commerce of America has suffered much—her own measure of embargo , ( whether wise or not ) is in itself a prodigious restraint on her trade , and indeed nearly tends to its total annihilation . It was always alleged that we were justified in our Orders in Council , because that neutral power had not taken the necessary steps to obtain from France a revocation of her Decree . The American government however seems to have conducted itself with much activity oh this subject . An application was made to France , which I think seems to acquit that government of any wish to favour France more than England , and also of any desire to do any thing more than was necessary for protecting her own interest . America now tells us , that she will take off the embargo with regard to England , and enforce it as far as regards France , the latter power being the first transgressor against her commerce ; and that we shall thereby have all the advantage of her trade confined to us.—The right hon . gent . opposite , in an answer , assigning his reason for refusing that proposition , states , what I think rash and unjustifiable , that his Majesty can not avoid hostility with America , by a concession , not made to America , but to France . Now , do the facts of the case bear him out in this assertion ? Did she not enable you by that offer , to make your own Orders in Council infinitely more efficacious than they otherwise could have been ? America suffered in her commerce ; you suffered also ; and you formerly said , that America had not applied to France to recal her decree : she has now made that application , and yet you will not accede to her proposition . The right hon . gent . assigns for his conduct another reason , which , if he does not review with wisdom and