was the object of this country , by a specific mission for conciliation , artfully concealing other measures which vitally affected the independence of America , to insult and to deceive them ? Added to this , although an official notice was delivered on the 20th of January by the President to Congress , that such Orders were issued by the British government , yet it was not until the 23d of the following February that his majesty 's minister to the United States ( Mr. Erskine ) officially communicated the existence of such Orders , to the neutral government most interested in their operation . There may , perhaps , exist in the minds of the great statesmen opposite , some good grounds for the delay ; but in every plain view in which I have considered the subject , I can find no other motives than a desire to deceive , to insult , and to irritate America ; and this was the course of policy which Ministers thought proper to adopt towards that country at a moment when America was irritated against France . An irritation of which the French government was aware ; as we find , in the note of Mr. Champagny to general Armstrong , a strong complaint of the inclination and partiality of America to Great Britain . A partiality to either belligerent was peremptorily denied by the American government ; and perhaps the very best proof it could afford of its impartiality was its being accused by both at the same time of being subject to an undue influence to its antagonist . This was not the first time that such charges were brought against America . Similar complaints were made during the presidency of the immortal Washington . That enlightened patriot however disregarded such accusations ; he scouted every partial influence , and solely looked to the interest of his own country.—I now proceed to the offer of America , as made by Mr. Pinkney , to suspend the embargo law , and its supplements , as regards Great Britain , provided you repealed your Orders in Council , as far as they regarded the United States . She had continued her embargo with firmness and with moderation . She did however avail herself of a proper opportunity to make 1174 to Great Britain a concession—a concession , which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) has plumply refused , although one of its most salutary consequences would have been to arm the merchant ships of America against France . What , in God 's name , would you have ? What do you want of America ? Have you any defined object in your policy with that country , and what is it ? The blockade of this country by the enemy is raised , as the right hon . gent . asserts ; the system is `` broken up into fragments harmless and contemptible ; '' the evil on which your Orders were to retaliate its own injustice has disappeared , as the foreign secretary has assured us ; yet , in the same breath , he avows the determination of adhering to this unjust and disastrous system of retaliation . Whatever consequences may result from the perseverance , I am convinced that such a system will descend to posterity as a striking illustration of arrogance , imbecility , and political folly on the part of the advisers . When the right hon . gentlemen insist , that America shall make France rescind her Decrees , are they not aware that Buonaparté is as obstinate as themselves , or can they suppose that America could march an army or send a fleet to force Buonaparté to comply with their request ? The matter is quite impossible . America can do nothing ; yet ministers have been so absurd as to slate the compliance with an impossibility , as the only terms upon which they would remain at peace with her . Was it not obvious , that the decrees of France had proved wholly nugatory against our commerce , and had been intended by the enemy