the hon . baronet who had just spoken . With respect to the negociation , had not government acted as they did , they would have been considered as abandoning the cause of Spain . For his part , he was satisfied that the only danger to which England could be expose would be peace with France . while he agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) in many observations , deprecated the idea of this being a sinking country , or that there was any necessity of shewing an anxiety to enter into negociation for peace . was satisfied that no peace was to have been expected from the Overtures at Erfurth , but on the abandonment of Spain and that it was by arms , and not by negociation , that the fate of Spain was to be decided . Our character with Spain was still to be gained , and if we wished to inspire her with a belief that we meant to make an exertion in her favour , our conduct should have been in unison with our declaration , and not calculated to raise any doubt in the minds of the Spanish people as to our sincerity , or that we meant to bring the cause of Spain into our market.—With regard to the observations so eloquently urged by the hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) , as to the propriety of taking part in the cause of Spain , whether that was right or wrong , we had already made our election ; our part was chosen , and an abandonment of it would have been alike detrimental to our honour and our interest . His lordship deprecated the tone of insult in which the answer of the right hon . secretary was conceived ; but at the same time he did not see any mode by which the intentions of the French emperor could have been altered . If the last words of the Address were meant to convey that we hoped the contest was to be persevered in , though in a manner very different from that in which it had been hitherto conducted , he agreed in it . If the object , on the other hand , was to imply an approbation of what was already done , he must protest against any such meaning being put upon it . He did not think this a sinking country , but he was satisfied that nothing had been omitted by ministers to render it so . animadverted upon the inconsistent grounds upon which the gentlemen who opposed his motion justified their opposition , and upon the equally inconsistent grounds of sense of those who agreed with him . But with regard to the noble lord who had just sat down , he could not help expressing his astonishment and regret to hear the unqualified manner in which that noble lord had thought proper to approve of the opinions delivered by the hon . baronet behind him ( sir F . Burdett . ) To the talents of that hon . bart . and to his sincerity also , no man was more willing to do justice than he was ; but , without meaning any thing personally disrespectful to that hon . baronet , he must observe , that he was grieved to hear the noble lord , who was naturally to be ranked among the great men of this country— who was to be looked to as one of its probablé governors— declare such an entire concurrence in those sentiments of the hon . bart . which appeared so dangerous in their nature and character . If the evils which the hon . baronet deplored were so grievous , why did he not bring them forward in some distinct and tangible form , and not fasten a general declamation upon a question of this nature ? Why not propose some practical remedy for the grievances he complained of—such a remedy as any minister could applv—and not continue to repeat his doctrine , that the whole frame of the government was not worth preserving ( a