any person unable to perform the duties . `` —On the question being put , begged leave to repeat what he had said on a former night upon this subject , and move especially as what he had then said had bean misrepresented . When first appointed to the office which he now had the honour to fill , it had been clearly understood by the noble lord at the head of the Irish government , by his noble and hon . friends near him , and by the illustrious person at the head of the army , that his appointment should not preclude him from accepting any military employment in the service of his country . Under these circumstances , when the expedition to Zealand took place , he was employed in it , and also in the expedition to Portugal ; and on both occasions it had been clearly understood that he had relinquished all claim to the civil office , if a successor should be appointed . He had retained the office solely at the desire of the lord lieutenant , who thought that he could assist him effectually , as he had already done , by the regulations which he had suggested . The Resolution of the hon . member went to declare , that a certain efficient government should at ail times exist in Ireland . He was not disposed to dispute the truth of the abstract proposition ; but he would ask the house to pause before it voted such a proposition , and to inquire whether any inconvenience had resulted from his absence , and whether in consequence there had not been an efficient government in Ireland . He would ask the hon . gent , whether any public business had been delayed even 24 hours , or whether all the affairs of the government had not gone on without interruption ? Had not the regulations which he had arranged with his grace the duke of Richmond , for the various departments of the state , been carried into effect , and the public service been thereby promoted without intermission ? Under these circumstances , he would ask the house to pause before it should vote 370 this abstract proposition , particularly as no inconvenience had resulted from his absence . As to the salary of chief secretary , he allowed it to be large , more even than the salary of a secretary of state . But then the Irish secretary had not the same rank for situation , character , and consideration as a secretary of state , and consequently the salary was given to him not so much for performing the duties , as to enable him to maintain the situation and the character that belonged to it . When he had proceeded to Portugal , the lord lieut . was desirous that he should retain the office of secretary , at the same time declaring , that if he did not return within a certain time , a successor should be appointed . It was at that time uncertain whether he should ever return ; but when he did return , as no successor had been appointed , he certainly considered himself entitled to the emoluments of the office . The hon . gent , had said , that if on returning he found another had been appointed , he would not have received the emoluments , and inferred from that , that as he had not performed the duties , he should not receive the salary . Unquestionably , if another had been appointed , he should not have received the salary ; but then he would not have had the establishment to maintain , and as whether absent or present , the expence of that establishment was defrayed by him , he had taken the salary . He had trespassed too much upon the attention of the house ; but if he had ever supposed that the circumstance would have attracted attention , or that he had not a right to the salary , he should never have received it . The example of his gallant friend