and in the impossibility of his fixing with certainty 176 the point in which his descent must be made ? Yet here the tables were suddenly turned and to attempt to secure any part of the coast , while another was left unguarded , was treated as trifling and childish ; because the enemy would be sure to chuse what was weakest , and must be able to guide his armament with perfect precision to the part , whatever it was , that he should chase . He urged this topic , with a view to expose the sort of reasoning , which was admitted often into concerns of the greatest importance , and might prevail possibly at the present moment in questions more critical and more certain , than that which he had brought forward respecting the coast of Suffolk . There was , in fact , no security any where with persons so wholly unsuited , to the arduous crisis in which they had to act , as the hon . gentlemen . In every part of their system little considerations were mixing themselves with great , so as to spoil the effect of the whole , and prevent its working truly in any of its operations . This was eminently the case in the pecuniary part , where a wild profusion was so combined with a mean parsimony , that it was like the conduct of a man , who in giving a great entertainment with all the dainties of the season , peas at a guinea a quart , should disgrace the whole by a scarcity of clean glasses , or by a coarse and ill-washed tablecloth . With this must be coupled , as it possibly arose out of it , an extraordinary passion for machinery , into which the hon . gents , had been led , partly , as it appeared , by the hope of working cheaper , and partly by that common error , of supposing that , a great machine must be calculated to produce a great effect . Their machines were much like that which Hogarth represents , where the wedge , the lever , the axis in paritrochio , all the mechanical powers were introduced for the purpose of drawing a cork , an operation which a waiter or butler would perform more effectually , as well as more expeditiously , by a little instrument from his pocket called a cork-screw . It was of the nature of all machinery , that in proportion as the parts were complicated , the movement was likely to be slow ; not to mention that if any part should happen to be misplaced , or wanting , or ill-adjusted , the whole must be at a stand . This was very much the case with some of the machines of the hon . gentlemen . In order to keep their expenses out of sight , and to throw as much as possible upon individuals without the intervention of Parliament , they had set up their grand system of lord lieutenants , deputy lieutenants , lieutenants of division , inspectors of divisions , superintendants of parishes , & c. & c. persons very proper to be appointed , and 177 to be held in readiness , but very improper for much of the work on which they wore employed , namely , that of getting the country into a state of military defence . Of all the instruments to work with for such a purpose , the worst , surely , that could be devised , was that of a deputy lieutenant 's meeting . Every one had heard , frequently , and almost proverbially , of the slow progress of official business . But at what rate must that business proceed , which had for its office a canary ? Which , instead of clerks with salaries , amenable to superiors , compellable to a certain attendance , acted by country gentlemen , subject to no authority , who were bound by no especial duty , who might attend as much or as little as they liked , and who might