the volunteers would feel an emulation to equal at least , if not excel , either the . militia or the troops of the line , indeed , all these different descriptions of the national force , would feel laudable spirit of rivalship and emulation , which might be directed in a way to prove highly serviceable . Speaking of the system of discipline which he thought it would be proper to apply to the volunteers , the noble earl expressed his disapprobation of the plan of having majors attached to them : those probably would be inclined to assimilate the volunteers to the military system of discipline , in too great a degree and possibly may conduct themselves in other respects in a way not agreeable to the members of volunteer corps , Another consideration , and not an immaterial one , as considering the present contest likely to be protruded , militated against such a plan , namely , that of economy : the regulation alluded to , would certainly involve a considerable expense , but there was a certain description of regular assistance which he thought the volunteers stood in need of , namely , the assistance of adjutants properly qualified , and as still more indispensable , the assistance of Serjeant-majors , and these regulations would , comparatively be attended with no great expense . He had the highest expectations I from the volunteers , and it was to be remembered , that at the commencement of the French military operations , they were more indebted to the exertions of their volunteers than even to the troops of the line , and infinitely more so than to the services of those conscripts who were , dragged into action.—His lordship then proceeded to take a general view of a defensive system , with a reference to the event of invasion . One of the things which first struck him as most proper to be done , was the establishment of a great military depot in a central part of the kingdom ; considering its local situation , and geographical circumstances , he considered Warwickshire as the fittest county for such an establishment : from this county , stores , & c. may be forwarded towards different pans of the coast , as occasion may require . Near to this depot , a great rendezvous of troops may be also established , and which may be periodically changed . Their lordships would recollect that such a depot as he had in his 357 contemplation , was long since , and most judiciously , established in the center of Ireland , namely , in the town of Athlone . He would by no means recommend that military depots should be established on the coasts , or nearer to them than the distance of a forced march , or thirty miles . What would be the consequence if the enemy took possession of a military depot ? They would find themselves at once provided with every thing necessary , and , more especially , with several important articles , it was impossible they could bring with them . He then proceeded to recommend the erection at proper stations on the coast , of Martello forts . These would be found of inconceivable service in repelling the enemy ; the expense of erecting them would not be great , they were of a circular form , with a roof nearly flat , or but little sloped , and formed so as to be bomb-proof . In them a piece of ordnance was transversely fixed , and so as to move round , and capable of being pointed in any direction ; the resistance those erections were capable of was exemplified in an affair which took place on the coast of Corsica last war . One of these was attacked by a ship of the line he believed it was the Terrible ) commanded by Captain Young ; and which was assisted by a 40 gun ship : in the course of a spirited conflict , the Terrible Was more than once set on fire , as red-hot balls were discharged from