two such persons could not originate a misuuder- 231 standing on light grounds . This should have been done ; they should not have been like the Lord Lieut. , fearful of giving alarm ; but , inquiring into the cause of the coolness , they should , if they found his lordship 's insinuation groundless , have given him a reprimand . —I am sure the right non . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) is above all wish of being misunderstood . Does he mean to say , that the commander in chief of Ireland knew and was apprised of the intended rising on the 23d of July . —I meant to say , that the commander in chief had every opportunity of knowing the information disclosed at the Castle , on the morning of the 23d , that the Lord Lieutenant had . —As I have been in Dublin since the unfortunate events of the 23d of July , it may be expected I should say something on this subject , upon which I made it my business when there 10 make a minute inquiry . The civil government were apprised of an intended rising on the 23d of July . This clearly appears . Inconsequence they warned the civil magistrates , at the head of which was the superintendant of Dublin . The mistake is , that officer is unknown here . The lord mayor of Dublin is not like the lord mayor of London . It is not he , but the superintendent who has the charge of the peace . He was informed of the rising , and actually armed , and called out an additional number of peace officers ; from this , it is clear , the government of Ireland we re not surprized , and that they look every step which would be thought essential . The interview at the castle , between the commander in chief and the Lord Lieutenant could be proved . The details of the intelligence were then laid before them , and the civil government had certainly a right to conclude , that the commander in chief hail taken every military precaution which the circumstances would warrant . Whether he did or not , or what those precautions might be , I am not prepared to say , as , in fact , made no inquiry on those subjects . That the conspiracy existed , and that to a dangerous degree , I conceive to be the foundation of the late bills , for continuing martial law and suspending the operation of the Habeas Corpus Act . With this object , the late insurrection is unconnected . That was , in truth , contemptible . On the com vision of these two circumstances , the former insurrection and present conspiracy , depends all the difference of opinion now and lately expressed ; whereas , in fact , there is no inconsistency , no contradiction . The insurrection was contemptible ; the conspi- 232 racy is dangerous . Nothing in what I have here said , I trust , will be construed to the disadvantage of the commander in chief , relative to whose conduct I had no means of inquiry , and never have formed any opinion concerning it —I can not admit , Sir , that the insurrection on the 23d of July was a matter to be lightly treated . It was , in my opinion , a rank and dangerous rebellion . The castle of Dublin was certainly surprised . A plan was on foot to stop the mail coaches , and if that had taken place , the whole country would have risen . Under these circumstances , I think inquiry should be instituted , for heavy blame , must attach somewhere . —Sir ; upon a question of national defence , and at a moment critical as the present , I feel it to be my duty , notwithstanding the lateness of the hour , to trouble you with a very few observations . I give ministers full credit for the exertions they have made in caliing forth the strength of