they conveyed an aspersion . Ths hon . officer himself thinks so ; nor is he the only person who does think so . The right hon . gentleman said , that early intelligence was sent to the commander in chief . —What I said was , that information had been sent , at an early hour , to the superintending magistrate . observed , that to any gentleman acquainted with Dublin , it could not appear at all surprising , that the insurrection of the 23d of July should happen ( even if such had been the case ) without the knowledge of government or the commander in chief It took place in the most obscure part of the city , proceeded only through three 146 streets , and was put down in one hour . He also observed , that the night was remarkably dark . From these circumstances , the hon . member inferred , that this disturbance might have occurred without the knowledge of the civil government or the commander in chief ; without attaching any blame to either , for neglect of duty or inattention . not having before taken any part in the discussion of the measure before the House , did not mean to oppose it in the stage to which it had arrived ; nor should he have , on this occasion , troubled the House with any observations , if some expressions , which had fallen from the right hon . secretary , had not compelled him to it , in order to exclude himself from that general conviction of the necessity of the measure which had been said to exist . He should not take up the time of the House , by entering into an inquiry whether the measure were necessary or not ? but he would contend , that from the information which his Majesty 's ministers had thought proper to give , no inference could be drawn of the existence of that necessity . When his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , on the first introduction of the measure , had applied for a short delay , in , order that information might be laid before the House , his application had been rejected on the ground that the smallest delay would be dangerous in the then existing circumstances . Though he was not in the House himself on that occasion , he was at the time fully sensible of the justice of the application , but whatever argument might have applied in that instance against delay , there could be none to apply in the present . The two bills now in their stages through the House , would not expire till six weeks after the commencement of the present session . The session had commenced on the 22d of November , and the bills would of course not expire till the 1st or 2d of January . He therefore put it to the House , what possible argument could be used against a short delay , until such information should be communicated to the House , either by the report of an open or secret committee , us should justify the adoption of such strong measures . It had been more than once his lot to complain of the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , in bringing forward measures of great importance , without laying sufficient information before the House ; and he took this opportunity of protesting against die manner in which the two bills before the House had been introduced . There was another circumstance too that should weigh with parliament , and 147 which materially affected the spirit of the constitution : he meant the operation of such a course of proceeding in the legislative union . Since the passing of that measure , it had become more than ever the duty of his Majesty 's ministers to shew to the people of Ireland , that every measure involving their interests , not only claimed but received us much discussion and attention as it would , it their own legislature still continued to assemble . It was particularly