satisfy either my own feelings or discharge the duty which I owe to the public , if I did not express those sentiments with respect to the future , which are deeply impressed on my own mind ; and , first , as to the improvement of the force now in existence , and in particular , of the volunteers . Although unprepared at this moment to express any opinion upon the detailed suggestions , which have fallen from my right hon . friend ( Mr Pitt ) vet I have no hesitation in concurring with him as a general principle , in the expediency of improving , as far as may be consistent with a reasonable attention to economy , the discipline and efficiency of these corps . I also concur entirely with my right hon . friend in opinion , that it is not the apparent abandonment by the enemy of their menaces of invasion , or even the failure 209 of any attempt which they may make upon our coast , which should induce us to relax in the vigilance and exertions , to which alone , in tunes like these , the safety of the country can in prudence be entrusted . Were even a peace , of that description , which in wisdom we ought to conclude , within our immediate reach ( and that such a peace may yet be very remote , who will be so so sanguine as to deny ? ) we have seen enough of the temper and spirit of the councils which pervade the rest of Europe ; we have had such experience of the age in which we live , as can leave us no alternative in true wisdom , but to place the security of these realms , in peace as in war , upon such a basis of internal strength , as shall for ever lay the question of invasion at rest . To such a system alone can we look for the preservation of peace itself , The liberties which have descended to us from our ancestors , and the unexampled and accumulating prosperity which has crowned our own labours and industry , whilst they furnish us with the most ample means of providing for the public safety , have already drawn , and will continue to draw upon us the jealousy and malignity of the enemy . Feelings of this nature can only be met and controuled by demonstrating to him , that our strength , whether in peace or in war , is such , as to render his views hopeless He may then perhaps learn to respect what he can not hope to destroy , He may be the more disposed to leave us at peace , when he is taught how little he can effect in war . Whatever may be the exertions , and whatever may be the sacrifices connected with such a course of policy , these the sound sense and persevering character of the British nation will , I am confident , prepare them chearfully to encounter . They will , for their own tranquillity , as well as for their own safety , determine to be no less distinguished in arms , than in commerce and in freedom . The public safety must henceforward be confide to the manly energies of the country ; and we may then hope that the British oak will continue to flourish for ages to come , a proud monument , that as a nation we have had the virtue to defend those blessings , which under the favour of Providence we so eminently enjoy . —I do not rise , Sir , to enter into a discussion of all the points that have this night been touched upon in the course of the debate ; they are all , no doubt , of high importance , and deserve a distinct and full consideration . But I shall now abstain , as much as possible , from every 210 topic that is not necessarily connected with the subject more immediately before the Committee . I shall first , however , make a