to the motion.—The hon . member having accordingly approached the table , and deposed upon oath the grounds of his motion , acquainted the house , that the grounds of the motion were , that James Pedley , Fsq . was called to Jamaica by very urgent private affairs . That he had taken his passage on board a vessel that was to sail from Portsmouth for that island , and that he had received a letter intimating to him that the ship was ready to sail without delay . after stating these grounds , moved , that James Pedley , Esq . have leave of absence from further attendance on the Waterford Committee.—On the question being put . rose , and observed how painful a task it must be to any man to oppose a motion supported on such grounds as those upon which the present motion was rested . But the house must feel how essential it was to pause before a precedent of such importance should be established . He certainly could not now pretend to make up his mind upon the question , and should feel it his duty to take advice upon the point , before he gave it his assent . The learnedgent . then proceeded to observe that the Waterford Committee was already reduced to twelve—that should the leave of absence now solicited , be granted , the number would be eleven , within two of the number absolutely necessary for prosecuting the business before the committee . Thus might a complete suspension of the most essential business of the House of Commons be brought entirely at a stand ; be- 48 sides sickness , and other equally embarrassing difficulties , might preclude the attendance of the remaining members , which might induce a total suspension of the most important and essential proceedings . Under that impression , he felt it his duty to move that the debate on the motion be adjourned till to-morrow.—The question was put on this amendment and agreed to . seeing the Secretary at War in his place , rose to ask a question respecting the mode in which the house were to be informed of the expense of the barrack department . When he had inquired into this matter yesterday , an hon . gent . [ Mr. Vansittart ] had not been able to give him an answer which he could consider satisfactory . What he desired to be informed of was , whether the expense of the barrack establishment was mentioned in the general estimates to be laid before the house . The contracts for the building of barracks were enormous , particularly in the part of the country ( Sussex ) where he had lately resided . At a time when the general expenses of the country were so great , it was of importance to have the expense of contracts fully considered . With the view of bringing the matter under consideration , it was , however , previously necessary that the point to which he had referred should be explained . [ Mr. Bragge ] could not at present give a decided opinion in what manner the estimates for the barrack department would be brought forward . He could mention , however , generally , that it was not intended to include them in the estimates for the expense of the army . As to the amount of the contracts , he should only observe that they were formed on principles of as strict economy as government could obtain . It was not to be supposed that , in the present circumstances of the country such works could be executed at as cheap a rate as in other periods . Labour had necessarily increased in price , and the difficulty of procuring workmen to complete the works with sufficient celerity naturally enhanced the demands of those who contracted with government . took the oaths and his seat.—The Speaker acquainted the house , that the petitions complaining of undue elections , and the returns to the boroughs of Hull , Leominster , Shaftesbury , and Boston , had not been renewed in the