bargain was thought a very-good one , yet in the course of three years , a further sum of 17,000l . was wanted to complete her for service.—In short , Sir , we are called upon to decide , without proper 885 documents , that Lord St. Vincent is to blame , and that the naval law laid down by the right hon . shipwright behind me , is to be considered as undeniable . Are we then to pass an opinion , that the navy of England is hastening to its ruin , and this on the suggestions of one who calls for general exertion and cordial co-operation against the enemy ; bat who now seems to be affected by a panic which he formerly treated which contempt ? I wish then to ask the right hon . gent. , and I will put it to the House ; whether he believes that the attack he has me this night on the Admiralty , is likely to do good either in this country or abroad ? —With respect to the number of seamen , I have no objection to agree lo the production of that account ; but the right hon . gent , has not taken a fair comparative view of the number raised within the first year of the last war and the year 1803 . At the former period , after a peace of 10 years , the navy derived a very considerable increase in men from the spirit , of enterprize , the prospect of prize money , and the great distress of the mercantile interest . There was also at that time no supplementary militia , no army of reserve , nor a variety of collateral circumstances which , in the actual conjuncture of affairs , prevent the supplies of men for the sea service . The success which has attended the levy of men in the present year is truly satisfactory , when we consider that the land service has required great efforts , and that the volunteer force alone amounts-to 450,000 men ; and so far should we be from blaming Lord St. Vincent , that his conduct in this respect is entitled to the highest praise . It appears , that of the 100,000 men voted by Parliament , there are not quite as deficient ; for by the returns made , there were in actual service , to the 31st of December , 76,000 men ; according to the returns made to the Admiralty by the regulating captains , 6,441 ; and the marines amounted , on the 10th of March , to 15,673 men ; giving a total of 98,174 seamen and marines . I will now , Sir , put it to the House , whether a more successful exertion could have been made in the teeth of the volunteers , of the army ' of reserve , and of the supplementary militia , where only 1,700 men were wanting to complete the whole of the estimate ? But , Sir , this is not all ; we have also a force of 25,000 sea fencibles for Great-Britain , putting Ireland out of the question . In all these instances I may safely ask , whether the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty is a fit object for distrust and 886 suspicion ? But I am entitled also to inquire where the right hon . gentleman has had his information ? If he has obtained it from some great naval officer , it certainly may be worth attending to ; but until I am satisfied of this , all I beg of the right hon . gent , is , not to attack , by a side wind , a character that deserves as much from the hands of the country as any man that ever lived in it ; a character who has fought the battles of his country with as much bravery and as much gallantry as any hero of any country , ancient or modern and from his recent exertions , zeal , and activity , has shewn himself as well qualified to