matter , into the discussion of which , be was not now disposed to enter . There were , however , words in the petition , which , if the house should order a bill according to the petition , would render that bill objectionable . The petition alluded to works to be raised for the defence of the harbour and town of Liverpool ; the house would not countenance the raiding of any works , without the express order of the King . He gave every credit to the zeal and public spirit , from which the petition originated . This remark , he was called upon to make , by his not being aware of the particulars of the petition when he gave , his Majesty 's consent ; a defect which the house itself would correct , and which it would allow him to supply . He recollected an instance of a similar petition in 1798 . He had not then objected , for he could not make any objection ; but his sentiments were such as he now slated , and he was glad to find they had the approbation of the chair . [ The Speaker appeared by signs to coincide in the sentiment of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . ] It would be for the house to decide , whether it would sanction the precedent then established . thought it never had been conceived by the inhabitants of Liverpool , that their town and harbour were particularly in want of fortifications . During the last war , and all former wars , they looked upon themselves as perfectly secure ; but now the commander in chief of their district ( Prince `` William of Gloucester ) found out that Liverpool was a very vulnerable place , and very much in danger of attack . If , contrary to his own judgment and that of many others , 60 such fortifications were necessary , let them be defrayed , as they ought to be , by the public ; let them not be imposed as a partial and heavy burthen on Liverpool itself , but let them be erected , at the general expense of the nation . It was , besides , an error to conceive that the expense would fall on the majority of the inhabitants , if the money were to be raised in the manner proposed by the petition : it would fail on a very small part of these inhabitants . moved , that the petition be referred to a committee , to consider the matter thereof , and to report the same as it should appear to them to the house . begged to be understood , not to pledge himself to the measure , by giving his Majesty 's consent , so far as his Majesty was concerned . He had given it thus qualified , in order not to debar the petition from coming before the house . said , the measure proposed in the petition , had certainly the sanction of the majority of the most respectable merchants of Liverpool . The town had already raised a considerable sum by subscription . Twenty thousand pounds had been raised , but that was not sufficient ; it was to supply the deficiency , that the measure stated in the petition was resorted to . If assistance was necessary , he was sure , though he had no pledge , that it would be afforded . It would have been highly indecent in the town , when informed by so high an authority as its commander in chief , and the general officers under him , not to shew the greatest alacrity to come forward in the most liberal manner.—The petition was referred to a committee . gave notice , that it was his intention to submit to the consideration of the house , a bill for preventing the arrest of parochial clergymen , while actually engaged in the duties of their respective cures : a bill , for their relief , had been introduced in that house last session , but had not been entertained ,