possibly , it might not have because had before Been all that had happened , or , rather , all that had not happened but had been wished from that measure , and by which the objections to it , as well on the part of Ireland , a. ; of England , might in his mind have been overcome ) : whatever previous ? opinions and feelings might have been entertained by any one , ah persons must now agree in endeavouring form ender its effects as salutary and complete as possible.—Assuming , then , what he concluded was not seriously denied , the right of the House to I examine the question before them , one of the facts that first presented itself was the length of time , that the hon . gentlemen op posited to had had required , before they could make up their minds , whether they chose to be negligent or ignorant ; whether they would be bulls or bears in the transaction : where they wished to pass for person ? , HJI ' I had not foreseen the danger , or who had neglected to provide against it . They did nor seem perfectly to have made their election even to that moment . One of the difficulties of arguing the question against them and one of the means which they had at escape , was , that yon could never tell on what ground to take them . Surprise , indeed , they had at length disclaimed . But then , the evils that had happened , or were upon the point of happening , 798 the near seizure of the Castle , the murder of the Lord Chief Justice , the possible and not unlikely possession of the city for some time by the rebels , were said not to be the effect of negligence : no : it was a deep design , now first disclosed , but even now not distinctly asserted , to avoid the use of repellants , to let the disease get to a head , in order that they might make a mere effectual cure of it . He was ready to confess that is as the only intelligible solution of their conduct ; though he might be allowed to call in question the truth of it , because in fact it had , as yet , only been thrown out , without any assertion being made that this case was positively so . He could not , however , allow that the justification was a very good one , though he admitted that it was the only one that could by any possibility tally with the assertions that the Irish government was not taken by surprise , and yet not toiletry of any negligence . The only possible third course , was , that , seeing the danger , they chose , as was now hinted , to let it come on , in order that they might defeat it in the end with more elect and advantage . The objection to this course , supposing the fact to be as stated , was , that it was more proper for the case of a foreign them , than for a domestic traction . In the case of a foreign enemy it might be indifferent how many were destroyed ; or it might be desirable to destroy as many as possible ; but the feeling could hardly `` be the save on the pan of a government with respect to a domestic faction , that to say , with respect to its own subjects . Prevention there seemed to be a duty more strongly called than punishment.—The rebellion had been called a `` contemptible riot , '' and names of great reproach and contempt given to all concerned in it . But it must be recollected , that names of that description were equally applicable to those concerned in the rebellion of 1798 , which yet was not a contemptible riot . He could not moreover but thins '' , that those who described their antagonist in these terms did not very