measures of precaution . Now , I mast say , that if ministers did not believe there was danger after the 16th ; if they could not see it , there must be an extreme blindness ; if , seeing it , they did not provide against it , there was an extreme and culpable remissness . My noble friend found this a pinching part of the case , and therefore he took tile usual course of very ingenious men upon such occasions : instead of meeting the thing itself , he endeavoured to call the attention of the House off from it , to another , namely , the supposed misinterpretation of his opponent , for he has said the number of pikes , were not 8,000 as had been erroneously stated , and 50 considerably exaggerated on the other side , but that they were only between 3 and 4,000 . Now , my noble friend ought to be correct upon this subject , because he has the best means of obtaining information ; and when he made his statement , and endeavoured to divert the attention of the House to that which was not the truth , or from pursuing that which was the truth , he ought to have taken care that he was accurate in his fact ? . And here I do not accuse my noble friend of an attempt wilfully to mislead the House ; but I must say , he has some way or other failed to obtain correct information ; upon this very subject in which he has been correcting the hon . bart . in his statement , he is glaringly incorrect in his own . hold in my hand a pamphlet , admitted , I believe , on all sides , to be pretty good authority , in which the fact upon the subject of the pikes , which my noble friend says , were only between 3 and 4,000 , is stated so directly the contrary , and so entirely refutes the statement of the noble lord , that I shall beg leave to read a passage out of it . This pamphlet states , `` that the rebels had on this occasion 36,400 ball-cartridges , scaling ladders , pikes , rebel uniforms , & c. and colours . 8,000 copies of a proclamation of the provisional government , & c. `` and 758 that with regard to pikes , '' the mob having been supplied from the depot with arms , & c. there then remained the trilling number of between 6 and 7,000 pikes , & c. '' But shall I be allowed to bring forward this assertion against that of his Majesty 's confidential servants ? I trust I shall . And that the House may see on what authority this pamphlet rests , I will state who the author of it is . It is not a speculative or vague opinion of an individual who had no source of information on the subject on which he treated , but a grave document of perfect authority , no less than the speech of his Majesty 's Attorney-General in Ireland , on the trial of Emmett ; upon the accuracy of which I apprehend ministers themselves will not affect to entertain a doubt . It has of late become the fashion in this country to rundown the Attorney-General 's law ; but I ask ministers , if they are ready , in like manner , to run down the Attorney-General 's facts ? My noble friend has stated , that there were only 3 or 4,000 pikes belonging to the rebels discovered . The Attorney-General in his speech addressed to the jury , the object of which was to persuade them to sited blood , says , I that the number of pikes , after those who had been discovered in arms had been supplied was between 6 and 7,000 & Now my noble friend shall take his choice . Did my noble friend make a wrong apology for the Irish govt . in stating the number of these pikes too low ; or was this