. I have lately seen half a dozen of them lying wrecked upon the rocks.—As to the possibility of the enemy being able , in a narrow sea , to pass through our blockading and protecting squadrons , with all that secrecy and dexterity , and by those hidden means that some worthy people expect , I really , from any thing that I have seen in the course of my professional experience , am not much disposed to concur in it . I know , Sir , and can assert with confidence , that our navy was never better found , that it was never better supplied , and 893 that our men were never better fed or better clothed . Have we not all the enemy 's ports blockaded , from Toulon to Flushing ? Are we not able to cope , any where , with any force the enemy dares to send out against us ? and do we not even out-number them at every one of those ports we have blockaded ? It would smack a little of egotism , I fear , were I to speak of myself ; but , as a person lately having the command of 6 ships , I hope I may be allowed to state to the House how have been supported in that command . Sir , during the time that I was stationed off Fervor , I had ships passing from the fleet to me every three weeks or a month , and so much was the French commander shut up in that port deceived by these appearances , that he was persuaded , and I believe is to this very hour , that I had 12 ships under my command , and that I had two squadrons to relieve each other , one of 6 inside , and another of 6 outside . '' explained . He could not possibly suppose that our naval force was inadequate to the task , of totally discomfiting the whole force of ( he enemy , if they came fairly out to them : but he meant to say , that they never could possibly have collected in the force in which they now are , if we had had a sufficient number of gun-boats to run in shore , and attack them in shoal water , where they frequently escaped from our large vessels , on account of their drawing too much water to be able to pursue them in shore . said , that , undoubtedly , the question now before the House was extremely interesting to every member of that House , and to every individual in this country , and upon which he was anxious to say what he felt . He wished to enter upon this question as a representative of the people of England should , and as the people of England , or he mistook them , expected their representatives to do ; and in beginning , he would say , that in his opinion , there would bean end to the security of this country , if subjects like the present were not treated with a becoming gravity in that House : this was what the people of England had a right to expect from that House , and did expect from that House . He did not think that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , who followed his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , had been happy in 'he choice of the manner in which he had treated this subject to night . He confessed , that the manner in which he took up the subject , the tone in which he spoke of it , the temper with , which he discussed it , the epithets he bestowed upon it , the character he gave to the motive with 894 which it was brought ( forward , and what was more of importance than the character . of any man 's motive ? ) the manner in which he passed over the important crisis in which this business was discussed , were all