what he had suggested could be of any service to the country , he should be glad of it . When lie came to speak upon this subject hereafter , he should have an opportunity of praising or of commenting upon this system , as it should appear to him to be right . observed upon one of ( he clauses , it was there proposed to put volunteers under the command of general officers when they were called out , which they would be in considerable numbers in the various districts of this country , for he knew of nothing so likely to improve them materially in their military exercise . Now , considering the different districts in which they were dispersed , as many of them should be , and he hoped they would he , put on permanent duty as much as possible , they should , therefore , be under the command of an officer of the line . The general rule was , that they were to be put under the command only of a general officer ; now , considering the variety of cases in which they might be out , and the different districts all at once , it might be impossible to provide for each of them a general officer to be their commander ; in which case it might be extremely convenient to put them under the very respectable command of inspecting officers , who were below the rank of general officers , and , therefore , he should move that the words of the clause should run thus , `` such general or other field officer . '' said , it was perfectly clear that lieut . generals were general officers according to military definition ; and this was a point which depended wholly on his Majesty , for he might at his pleasure commission his adjutants general officers , for his Majesty might , beyond all doubt , create the office of adjutant general ; there was such an officer now in France . No doubt his Majesty might give such a rank , and to as many adjutants as his Majesty might think proper , and then they would all take the rank of adj . general , and be to all intents and purposes general officers , and that this was within the general prerogative of the crown , was a matter not 724 to be doubted . Viewing this point as he did , he was persuaded that the words now proposed , `` or other field officers , '' should not be inserted in this clause , for then a lieut . col. might be placed under an inferior field officer . He was , however , perfectly aware that the volunteers should have the benefit of the assistance of officers who were not general officers.—With respect to the inspecting field officers who have not the rank of lieut . col. , the assistance from them would be as assistance from the adj . general , which would be that of giving advice and opinion ; but if advisable to give adjutants command , many of them , to his knowledge , were officers of excellent qualifications , and his Majesty might give them rank ; but he was afraid that if words of this kind were inserted , considerable difficulties would arise on account of the point of rank , because many officers might thus be put under the command of those who were inferior to them in rank , which might create unpleasant feelings in the service . He expressed a wish that this matter might take the course pointed out for it , as he conceived , in the system of the militia . seemed at first rather inclined to think the words proposed were necessary , but on hearing his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) again , his lordship declared himself satisfied that the words were unnecessary . agreed that there was no difficulty whatever when the volunteers were called out for actual service ; ( hat was removed by what was said by the Secretary of State