the security of the holder far beyond the reach of any danger merely local . He remembered to have heard it said many years ago by Mr. Burke , a man whose words and thoughts were well calculated to leave a lasting impression on their hearers , `` That the effect of the system of credit in this country was such as to make the whole commercial and monied interest of Great Britain joint proprietors and co-partners in the whole mass of capital existing in the country . '' In some sense this was undoubtedly loose ; and as these extensive interests had the benefit of such a partnership , so it must be added that they were not wholly-exempt from its risks . They had all an immediate interest in upholding the credit of all ; and he did not despair , that , by examination and discussion , a system might be framed , in which the paper of individuals or private houses might , if resting on a sure and due foundation , be supported toga limited extent , by some extensive and reciprocal guarantee against the effects of sudden alarm ; and to such a voluntary association , formed under the direction of Parliament , and countenanced by its authority , there might or might not be added , as should on the whole be judged expedient , some additional security from the intervention of the public . In his own mind , he had followed these ideas further , and pursued them into some detail ; but he wished not to trouble the House at this time with any discussion of them . No man felt more strongly the difficulty and delicacy of the whole subject . No man more sincerely distrusted his own judgment upon it : but , impressed as he was with its importance , satisfied that if we were unprepared in this respect , ail naval and ail military preparation , however extensive , would be inadequate to the safety of the country ; he had done his duty in calling the attention of Parliament to the question . He had no doubt that the danger of leaving it unexamined was infinitely greater than any danger that could , by any possibility , arise from the examination of it ; and it would therefore be offering an insult to the understandings of the House , if he delayed them by any farther explanation of the motives with which he brought it forward . He could have no interest in increasing the public danger . If this evil could not be avoided , we must prepare ourselves to meet it with resolution . But such a shock as the 311 sudden depreciation of the whole circulatory medium of a country , and this too in a moment of invasion , must , in its consequences , overwhelm all men , of whatever descriptions or situations in the country . He was confident that diligence , wisdom , and firmness , would avert this , and every other danger of the country : but this could only be done by ascertaining the nature and extent of the evils with which we were menaced . This bill was itself a proof that the subject of public credit was not thought unfit for public discussion , or incapable of parliamentary provision ; and the matters he had now brought before the House were nothing else than different branches of the same extensive subject . then rose , and spoke nearly as follows : —I rise , my lords , to offer some remarks in reply to what has fallen from the noble lord who has just sat down . In some of the general principles which he has stated , I most certainly can not but agree with him , though I can not concur in his application of them , in the present instance . And , indeed , in listening to some parts of his lordship 's speech , it was difficult for me to recognize the words of one who had so great a shire in proposing this measure originally . That