, I think the motion groundless . The present govt . I esteem a very good one ; under its auspices the citizen soldier is now in a complete state el array , and thus arrayed , is eager and zealous to defend his country against all attacks from external enemies , as well as against those internal foes and rebels with which it has the misfortune to be infested . In my opinion , English members are not the best judges of what is most advantageous to the interests pf Ireland . I could not pretend to judge so well what would suit the particular interests of Wolverhampton and its neighbourhood as the hon . bart . could ; and no doubt the non . burt 's . word and opinion would have far greater weight there than any thing I could urge on affairs which relate immediately to that part of the country . For all these reason , Sir , I shall give my vote against the present motion . —Sir whatever difference of opinion may exist as to the result of the motion of the hon . bart. , there can exist only one sentiment as to the propriety of its bring brought forward . Ministers must feel gratified that the challenge which has been so often given , has at length been accepted , that the gauntlet which has been so often thrown down , has , at length , been taken up : by some of the gentlemen on the other side . The introduction of the motion must also afford satisfaction to the people of Ireland , as it must shew them , that what is connected with their interests or their safety , are subjects of the deepest interest to the Imperial Parliament . The public at large must rejoice at the discussion , as calculated to remove that veil which has , hitherto , been so studiouly I thrown over the events of the 23d of July . It is now , I believe , pretty generally agreed-that blame does exist somewhere , and it is a matter of the greatest importance that it should be ascertained in what quarter that blame lies . If ministers adhere to their former professions , it is their duty to court , Instead of resisting inquiry . This is not a question personal to Lord Hardwicke , but , if it is fairly entered into , involving the conduct of the administration here , in com- 770 mon with the government of Ireland . If blame can be clearly brought home to the government of Ireland ; if it can be shewn that they were shamefully deficient in foresight and precaution , it is impossible for ministers here to free themselves from a certain share of the blame attached to such criminal negligence.—When , Sir , I had the honour of being the bearer of the Act of Union to the other House of Parliament , I confess that I felt a certain degree of pride , in being selected to carry to the other branch of the legislature , a measure from which t expected the must important benefits to both countries . To the period of peace , whenever it should arrive , I looked forward for the completion of this great national act . From its operation , I anticipated the introduction of a more wise and liberal policy in Ireland , the adoption of a system pf wise conciliation , designed to cover in eternal oblivion all former sources of animosity , to heal up all old wounds , to place the commerce of the whole empire on a footing of the most lasting friendship . At length peace arrived , but with it none of the blessings which had been anticipated Every tiling continued on the same footing in Ireland . Ancient grievances remained , and no effort at conciliation was resorted to . Instead of measures of beneficent improvement , ministers were studying polemical theology . New causes of agitation were introduced , and instead of mildness , new seeds of rancour were sown . No sooner were