of those connected with administration , appeared likely to be the result of his efforts , our doubts would be increased , not only respecting our capacity to meet the enemy , but our doubts would also be increased respecting the conduct of the nobleman who presided at the Admiralty . It was as much as to say , do not inquire into our conduct , for there are certain facts which can not bear public investigation . '' It was as much as to say , `` give us unlimited confidence , believe in our professions of vigilance and activity , but do not attempt to institute an inquiry , for we can never consent to such a measure . '' What sort of confidence does the Board want ? That blind and false confidence which exposes the safety of our country ! That confidence which sacrifices our public security for the sake of screening from censure a department of government the most important at this particular period to the interests of the country . Is this the kind of security which the hon . baronet ( Sir W. Curtis ) boasts of as operating so powerfully en his mind , as to induce him to retire this evening , and lay down his head on his pillow with confidence . It is a dangerous and alarming confidence ; a , confidence which benumbs our senses , and lulls us to sleep , while the enemy is at our gates ; a confidence which can not fail to excite the most 924 lively emotions in the minds of men of serious reflection , when contrasting the terrible activity of the enemy with the alarming supineness of our government . Some gentlemen , under the immediate influence of such a confidence , might accuse him of drawing a gloomy picture of public affairs . He begged leave , however , to be understood , that , he by no means presented such a view of the times as to depress our national spirit . He meant no melancholy forebodings to check the career of preparation against our common enemy and that of mankind . He only wished to remove the evil of deception from before our eyes , to scout that false confidence under which ministers sheltered themselves—a confidence which , if passed over in silence , may endanger the very existence of the nation , because it avows and cherishes a trick upon itself . Let the hon . baronet , therefore , retire to his pillow , if he please , and wrap himself up in his charm of naval confidence.—It was now necessary for him to explain to the House the extraordinary turn which the present debate had taken . When he cams down to the House , he had been requested to commune with one of his Majesty 's ministers on the subject of the motions which he was then about to submit to their consideration . After stating the purport of the motions , he received the assurance of those very ministers , that two of the five papers would be allowed . Believing that one of the two papers promised would afford sufficient information on which he could around an inquiry into the conduct of the Admiralty , he was less anxious to impress upon the minds of the House the tendency and necessity of his motion . Confiding in the assurance of ministers , and knowing their determination to resist the other motions preparatory to his inquiry , he thought it needless to argue on the policy of the measure . But at last , out came the real truth , and the ministers with their friends did not hesitate to refuse the papers , because , say they , `` you have not stated any parliamentary ground for the investigation . '' This was certainly not acting either with that candour or fair dealing which every member of Parliament had a right to expect from the servants of the crown . They first deprecate or check the strength of the observations intended by the compromise of these two papers , and then