, he could retort on him on another , and real to the recollection of the House the extravagant , expensive , and unnecessary schemes of the right hon . gentleman 's administration , and the enormous burdens to which that extravagance had subjected the country . The hon . baronet recapitulated his former observations as to the inexpediency of paying the volunteers . made several observations upon the point in question.—Much , had been 734 said of the little importance of expense in such a case , but he did not entirely subscribe to such a doctrine . One great question to be considered was , whether the objects proposed could not be got cheaper ? Safety was a great and imposing sound ; it was a thing of the last importance , but the committee should recollect that the present discussion referred only to a chance of safety , and that but a very bad one too ; it was also fair to consider whether the chance of safety they were about to purchase was worth the money to be given for it . There were other objects upon which the money in question might be laid out , and with far greater advantage ; the expense of these things was the grand consideration ; it was the very sinews of war : let them consider that after all they were always stopped by considerations of expense ; things went on smoothly and well until the expense induced hesitation . There were a number of ways in which the sum of money under consideration might be better applied—to the amelioration of the regular army for instance ; that most effective species of our force might be in many ways advantaged by money , and in an incalculably greater proportion than the advantages attainable in the present object . It was by no means thought in the country , that the monies under consideration were to be applied to the purposes now stated . In the county of Norfolk the general understanding was , that the money was to be given for necessaries , and not as had been held , in the shape of a bounty , and a bounty renewable as often as the force should be called out . rose , and made some observations relative to certain provisions which had been introduced into the bill , the effect of which , and more especially their introduction into a bill such as that under consideration , he highly disapproved . The provisions to which he alluded , went to authorise the collection of tolls upon the passage of army waggons , & c. over certain bridges . Having stated his grounds of objection to such a regulation , in some detail , the noble duke observed , that the principle upon which it proceeded was a novel one , with a reference to bills of a similar description of that before their lordships . His interference was guided by no other motive than a view to the public service . Mutiny bills may be said to be regular annual bills since the establishment of a standing army , and were necessarily so , as long as that establishment continued . He did not then move to expunge the provisions in question , but he trusted what he had thrown out : would have its weight with the framers of such bills , and induce them to amend the act accordingly.—Some private business was then disposed of , and the House adjourned . according to notice formerly given , moved , `` That there be laid before this House , an account of all sums of money assessed under the authority of the commissioners appointed to collect the duty proceeding from the military incomes of all officers on the half-pay , on the staff , or belonging to his Majesty 's army , in any regiment of cavalry , artillery , infantry , royal marines , royal garrison battalions , or corps of engineers , or of the militia , from the 5th of April to the 5th of October , 1503 , inclusive , so far