that causes 338 such as he had enumerated , and were obvious to every one 's observation , must not have some effect in checking the progress of recruiting . To take only one ; could any man in his senses suppose , that with fifty guineas offered for service in the army of reserve , men would go on to enter for the line , at a bounty of five or ten , in the same manner as if no such competition existed ? If the recruiting , therefore , kept up to nearly its former amount , as was contended by the hon . gentlemen , there must have been something to counteract the effect of these impediments ; and this something it was not difficult to find . It was a state of war ; it was the threat of invasion ; it was the stimulus of the compulsory service ; the discharge of numbers of workmen in consequence of temporary checks to trade ; the general military spirit , that filled and animated every part of the country . These circumstances were of force sufficient to uphold , to a certain degree , the recruiting service , even in spite of the causes which tended to depress and to annihilate it . How far might they not have carried it , had there been nothing on the other side to counteract their effects ? —The objection , therefore , to the volunteer system as contributing with other causes , to destroy the recruiting of the army , continued in full force , even admitting the statements of the hon . gentlemen ; and he must continue to urge these objections , even though he should be asked , as he was the other night , why he would persist in decrying a system , which , whether right or wrong , was now fixed and incapable of being altered . His answer was , that it was not fixed , but must , on the contrary , and infallibly would , and that , at no distant period , come again under revision ; and that it was with a view to that period , that these observations were made ; that the defects of this system were such as would never suffer it to go on long as it was ; and that , if other causes were wanting , the very failure of its funds must soon bring it again before Parliament . Unless Parliament greased the wheels the machine must soon stand still . He wished , therefore , that before that time , gentlemen would be prepared with their opinions on the several parts of the measure ; would consider how far the objections were valid ; how far the parts objected to might be corrected or got rid of ; and , failing of that , whether the whole system would not require to be new cast , and in great degree , possibly , to be done away . —sir the right hon . gent who just sat down seems very desirous of having the last word on the subject new 339 before the House . I hope , however , shall I be permitted to express for the first , and perhaps the last time , my sentiments upon it . There are many points of the right hon . gentleman 's speech on which I wish to make a few observations . The right hon . gent , and his associates in speaking of the volunteers , always ground what they say on a solitary instance . In the course of his speech , the right hon . gent , stated , that the subscriptions which have been raised to pay the expense of the formation of the corps of ; volunteers would soon be exhausted , and that then they will be obliged to call on government to give them assistance for their future maintenance . Nothing can be more futile than this observation . In the first place , I conceive shat the right hon . gent , is completely misinformed in supposing , that subscriptions