was precisely the same without any variation whatever , as he had formerly staled when that subject was before the House . The other objects were those of Hops and Coals . He then moved his resolutions , which were put and carried on the subject of Salt : after which he moved two other resolutions for a duty of 7s . 7d . Irish currency , upon every barrel of Irish Malt ; and a countervaling duty to the same amount , on every barrel of malt imported into Ireland , from the 24th of March 1S04 , to the 24th of March 1805 , which passed.—The House being resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Foster moved , `` That there be laid before the House an account of the existing duties now payable on the several articles contained in the resolutions of the committee of the whole House , reported on the 3d of Match instant , specifying each article on the several acts , & c. and the amount payable under each act , & c. '' Which was ordered accordingly.—Mr . Corry then moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Irish duty bill . The bill was accordingly read a second time , and ordered to be committed to a committee of the whole House on Thursday next.—Mr . Corry 719 then moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Irish countervailing duty bill . The bill was accordingly read a second time , and ordered to be committed to a committee of the whole House on Thursday next.—The royal marine mutiny bill was read a third time , and passed on the motion of Mr. Vansittart.—Mr . Creevey gave notice that to-morrow week he should make a motion for papers respecting the war in Ceylon.—Mr . Francis also gave notice of a motion on the same day , relative to the war in India . observed , that he had some time ago , before the last recess , given notice that he should , after the recess , bring forward a motion that would have reference to the Navy Board ; But since he gave that notice , various circumstances came to his knowledge , which he apprehended he could not introduce under the form of the motion as he originally intended to make it . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had also given notice he intended to bring forward a proposition relative to the naval defence of this country . He therefore wished to wait to find what the nature of that proposition was , for that tinder the discussion of it , he might possibly introduce what he had formerly intended upon this matter ; he would wait for that opportunity ; and if he could not then to what he intended , he should give another notice of the time he should bring it forward . moved the recommittal of the Volunteer Consolidation Bill . The House resolved itself into a committee , in which a variety of amendments were made . Some of the most prominent of the amendment are the following.—An amendment proposed by Mr. Pitt , for an alteration in the expression in one of the exemption clauses , from 24 days service , to be returned in three muster-rolls , at a distance of four months between each , to 24 days service within the year , without specifying the particular time , as a necessary claim to exemption . proposed another amendment , the purport of which was , that the lord , lieutenants of counties , or other persons who have the regulation of the ballots for the militia and other forces , should be instructed to apportion the quotas of men to be raised in each district with a view to the number of volunteers that were raised within the district , and not by the circuitous mode of drawing off the population , then admitting of exemptions on account of service in the volunteer corps , and recurring to another 720 ballot to complete