system of defence might have been equally improved ; audit is also of a nature perfectly obvious . The batteries which at present exist for the defence of our coast are so weak , that they may without difficulty , be taken possession of by the enemy 's infantry whenever it has effected its landing.—Now , think that it must be evident to every man , whether military or not , that where guns are necessary for the defence of the coast , the object will be much more effectually accomplished by putting them into works that can not be stormed , instead of these weak batteries ; for , in that case , even although some of the enemy 's infantry should get ashore , the batteries would still oppose the landing of his artillery and stores . Of this description are the Martello towers formerly mentioned in this House by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) . Coast batteries more capacious than these towers might also have been constructed in such a manner , as to render it impossible for the enemy to take them without a slow process of undermining them , or erecting counter batteries on shore . With respect to their having been plenty of time to erect these Martello towers since the war broke out , I do not wish it to rest upon my assertion . I know that an engineer officer of the highest respectability , and whose name would have great weight , has said , that if in the course of the summer he had been ordered to construct them , they might have been completely finished many months ago . What he said upon this subject , was not with any view to criminate government ; but merely expressive of his regret that a more effectual system had not been adopted for the defence of the coast . I should consider it as a breach of confidence to name him at present ; but , if his Majesty 's ministers , who have challenged us to shew in what manner they have neglected to do all that might have been clone for the defence ; of the country , will consent to a I day being appointed for going into the inquiry , I shall be most happy to accept the challenge , and I will then call the officer to whom I have alluded to the bar of the House . Whenever that inquiry comas , I am fully confident that I shall be able to prove , that many most material branches of our defence have been extremely neglected.—I am sorry , Sir , to have been under the necessity of taking up so much of the time of the House ; but I have felt it my duty to do so from a strong conviction that the measures pursued by his Majesty 's ministers are not such as ought to have been adopt- 601 ed to meet the attacks of the active , enter-prizing , and powerful enemy with whom we are engaged . said , there was much gallantry in the speech of the hon . member who had sat down , although there was not much novelty in it ; but he confessed he heard much of that speech with very considerable regret and concern . In looking at the preparations of this country , he might have been led to suppose that the hon . member would have looked at them as a whole , instead of entering into a minute detail , and dwelling upon particular parts with a curiosity of criticism . He should have thought that he might have taken some pleasure in stating points which appeared to be favourable to this country in the present prospect of things , in the present contest ; he should have thought some notice might have been taken of those things which were apparently to the disadvantage of the enemy—not a syllable of the army of France , but of its being an excellent army , headed by a man of uncommon genius and fortune , full of enthusiasm ,