say , that in these counties the spirit of loyalty was decidedly prevalent . The noble lord considered , nevertheless , that nothing short of martial raw could effectually keep down a spirit of insurrection , always ready to avail it self of favourable opportunities . A noble lord ( Earl Suffolk , ) had said a good deal of the grievances of Ireland , and had intimated his intention to move for a commission , composed of individuals connected with no party . He could not help considering this as a most extraordinary sort of proposition . Irish grievances formed now a very hacknied topic ; but , even at present , be declared himself somewhat at a loss to understand the exact import of the term . He believed that those who dilated so much on this subject would collect much useful information from the testimony of Doctor Macneven , Doctor Arthur O'Connor , and Doctor Emmett , the brother of the young man who had lately forfeited his life to the violated laws of his country . What were , he desired their lordships to reflect , the sentiments of these most reverend doctors on the subject of Irish grievances ? Was it catholic emancipation they sought for ? No ! this was beneath their notice . Was it equal representation ? the thing was ridiculous . Was it the abolition of tythes ? this was equally contemptible . in a word , it was nothing short of Irish independence , and 258 the abolition of kingly government . These were the grievances of Ireland , about which , some noble lords appeared so concerned . The noble lord , after dwelling a little longer on this topic , sat down by giving his decided vote in favour of both bills . said , that he would not have thought it necessary to trouble their lordships on the present occasion , had ho not deemed it a duty which he owed , both to himself and to the House , in a question of a constitutional nature , to express openly and broadly the ground on which he supported the measure . He , along with the noble lord who spoke last , had , on a former occasion , given his most decided approbation of the adoption of a similar measure in . this country at a period when the exigency of the case seemed to demand it . He felt gratitude at the recollection of that circumstance , and he entertained , and , to the last moment of his existence , should entertain , the deepest sense of gratitude to the noble lord , and to his colleagues in office , for the adoption of that measure . To it , he was morally convinced , their lordships were indebted for their present tranquillity and comfort , and for the privilege which they now enjoyed , of deliberating how far they should submit to a temporary relinquishment of port of their rights , for the permanent preservation of the whole . That the measures now proposed were necessary he was conscious in his own mind . The whole circumstances , which had occurred , had convinced him of that necessity ' . He agreed with the noble lord , that it was not on the word of ministers that such necessity was to be taken for granted . Noble lords must be convinced that it actually existed , before they could agree to any measure which had for its object to encroach on the constitutional liberties of any part of the community . In considering this point , he could not throw out of his recollection that a measure , similar to the present , had been adopted with regard to Ireland , on the representation of several of the members for that country , after it had been previously gone into by their own legislature . Whether properly or not , he should not pretend to say , the measure had been allowed to drop ; and another application for its renewal became necessary in consequence of the proceedings of the 23d July