inquired , how this could happen and the explanation might be given , by stating only what had taken place in the county to which he belonged . When the deputy-lieutenants signified to the lieutenant of division , that stations must be prepared for the reception of the naval officers : the lieutenant of division did not care to stir in the business , till he knew whether the sums which ho should advance , would be repaid to him by the deputy lieutenants . The deputy lieutenants on the other hand , were a little shy of engaging for this money , till they should know , whether they could make it good from the county : and , on the part of the county , it was quickly replied , that the lieutenants would look in vain for repayment there : for that the sums in question were no article for a county-rate , and in no county-rate should they be admitted . Here the matter hung for some time , and here it might have hung still longer , if the Deputy Lieutenants , weary of this slow return of correspondence , and impatient of further delay 179 in a matter so important and urgent , had not received to take the risk upon themselves , and to direct the completion of the work , trusting that government would see them finally repaid . This government had engaged to do so ; and the county of Norfolk might by that time , perhaps , be in possession of its signals . But by whose fault had it happened , that it was not in possession of them sooner ? It must fairly be said , not by the fault of any one . The striking feature of the case was , that with so great a delay and such a succession of persons , no one could be found to whom the delay was imputable . The Lieutenant of Division could not be blamed , for not being willing to advance his money , till he knew by whom he was to be repaid . The Deputy Lieutenants might well have been justified , had they persisted in refusing to the last , to take upon themselves an expense , which they had no means of recovering from the county . The county was well warranted in insisting that their charge was one , which was incurred for the general safety , and which ought to be defrayed by a general tax . The Admiralty were not to blame for delaying to send officers , and commence the expenses of their establishment , till they should know that houses were ready to receive them . But this successive justification of all the parties concerned in the measure , was the most complete condemnation of the system to which it belonged . What must that system of proceedings be , in which , when every party under it had done his dnty , nine months could elapse , before the maritime counties were furnished with their establishment of signals ? With this example be might safely close his account of the conduct of the hon . gents , as persons fit to direct the energies , and call out the resources of the country , at the present moment . The instance itself , as a circumstance in the situation of the country , was how of no great importance ; as it might be hoped , that by this time , or at least in about a month more , the evil was , or would be , at an end , and the maritime counties be prepared with their signals . But it was not so with the state of the army , and of the military force of the country . Here was not only a great misconduct , but a great national evil and danger , present arid future . The hon . gentlemen had not only not provided an army , but had brought things to a state , in which , without some great change , it was impossible that an army