Sir , will do right , if we can , and while we do so , we will expect the support of the country . With regard to the principle of fortifying , although that is the exclusive province of the Board of Ordnance , yet I shall make a few observations on that branch of our military system . I entirely coincide with the idea , that security is our best economy ; and I will candidly allow , that in my opinion , that part of our system has been too much neglected ; and it is on that account , that the plan which was submitted to Parliament , so far back as the year 1786 , had not been adopted . Not that I think , consisting as die population of this country does of a brave and gallant race of men , surrounded by the sea , and encircled by a navy the most numerous , enterprizing , and well-appointed of any in the world , that we have any occasion to resort to a very extensive plan of that species of defence . As to the Martello towers , which the right hon . gent , has recommended so strongly , and the advantages of which he has illustrated so clearly by an instance which I shall not attempt to dispute , I will say that their establishment depends upon the opinion of military officers 187 and , if adviseable , most certainly should be adopted , wherever they are practicable . To the objections which the right hon . gent has made to the particular mode of employing the Sea Fencibles , I will observe , that it is intended that some farther arrangements , with respect to that branch of the national defence should be made in tills session . Constituted as they are , even at this moment , they are eminently useful . They are competent to the manning of the gun-boats , and in that capacity , I am convinced , would be more than a match for any force of the same kind that France could send against us . Indeed , I think I shout not say too much , if I hazarded the assertion that they would be able to beat all its boasted flotillas . The right hon . gent . has said much about adopting a compulsory system of recruiting the army , by a novel and rather extraordinary mode of putting an end to the volunteer system . I do not know , at least I have not made up my mind to say , whether the kind of compulsion the right hon . gent , recommends , be strictly constitutional or not . I know that it is within the omnipotence of Parliament to ordain it ; but I much doubt that the army could ever be efficiently recruiting by adopting the system of fining , and employing the revenue drawn therefrom in the manner the right hon . gent , has suggested . Much less do I approve of the practice resorted to on former occasions , I mean ; that of allowing individuals to raise regiments . The bad effects of that system have been felt from experience , and it has not been thought adviseable to recur to it again . I think there is but one more of the right hon . gentleman 's suggestions , which it is necessary for me to advert to , and that is , the recommendation of enlisting for a certain term , of years . To this there is one insuperable objection , and that is , that it could not be done without disorganizing the whole of our military system ; for it mast be extended to the whole of the army , or it would inevitably produce jealousies and dissatisfaction , that might prove fatal to that strict discipline and prompt obedience and alacrity , without which an army is nothing . I am aware that such a practice prevailed in the Austrian service , and I know that it was one of the greatest defects in it .