larger number would hardly effect without them to enable them finally to prevail over ' the assault of a foreign invader , with less ex- 192 penditure of their own lives , and with less peril to the country.—From what I have observed , and from what I have heard of the state of the discipline of the Volunteers , I am more and more convinced , that in order to bring them to any considerable degree of discipline , they must be assembled it bodies , and that if they continue in companies they will make , but little comparative progress . It seems desirable , therefore , that , wherever it can be done , they should be formed into battalions . When that can not be done , they ought to be formed and brought together into as numerous connected bodies as circumstances will permit , so as to have the benefit of inspection and discipline . It appears to me extremely desirable , therefore , that every battalion of volunteer should , in addition to its own officers , have the assistance of two officers of the service , one a. field officer and one an adjutant , to assist in the instruction and discipline of the corps . These officers should be considered as belonging to the army , and should in every respect enjoy their rank , pay , and other advantages , as it they were actually serving in the army . The expense of this arrangement would be considerable ; But from what I know of the great superiority which a battalion , with the benefit of such officers , has over one trained under their own officers without such assistance , though with the utmost zeal and diligence , I am satisfied that the expense would be abundantly compensated by the perfection which the corps would attain . I do not know what the expense of allowing two officers of the description I have mentioned would be . At present I see no provision made for such an object . Neither do I know what proportion there is between the volunteer corps formed prior to the 3d Aug. and subsequent to that period ; nor how many adjutants are allowed agreeably to the regulations now existing upon the subject . I should imagine , however , upon a conjectural view of the matter , that the whole expense of a field officer and adjutant for every battalion Would not exceed 160,000 or 180,000l . a year . Now this expense surely is trifling in comparison with rendering 350,000 an efficient and improving force . If the expenditure of such a sum were to contribute so materially to the efficiency of the volunteer force , no gentleman could hesitate to purchase , at so cheap a rate , this permanent and solid source of public security.—I confess , however , that though I consider this arrangement as of the first importance to the discipline and perfection of the volunteer corps , some farther regulations will be necessary , in order 193 to obtain the fall benefit we desire . Even all the service which experienced officers could render , would be inadequate , if the number of days which the volunteers are by law required to drill , were to continue so limited as it is at present . I understand that the number of volunteers existing previous to the 3d Aug. is 40,000 . Where pay is allowed to those accepted and embodied , since that period , it is allowed only for 20 days . All are agreed that this is not sufficient . Even government seem to be aware of this , for the condition of which one adjutant is allowed , is that the corps shall drill 84 days . But , surely , it is unreasonable to expect that these corps , which are to receive pay only for 20 days , shall drill 84 , in order to entitle themselves to the advantages of an adjutant . Probably it would be right that some change in particulars should take place , and that the number of