should appear too long , the time might be shortened for there was power to vary or repeal the bill at any time , contained in the bill itself.—After a few Words from Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Swann , the amendment was agreed to . The bill was ordered to be ingrossed , and read a third time to-morrow , if then engrossed . Inspector of Convicts on the river Thames , presented an account of the state of the hulks from Christmas to Michaelmas . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Robinson , from the London Dock Company , presented an account of receipts and disbursements , from the 1st of June 1802 to the 31st of May 1803 . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Johnson from the office of the Chief Secretary in Ireland , presented an account of the distribution of the sum of 500,000l . voted last session to the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland , and of the different sums granted to Grand Juries , which were ordered to lie on the table.—Sir F. Burdett brought up the Report of the Committee on the Petition of the Parish of St. Pancras , which Was read and agreed to , and a bill ordered.—The Secretary at War appeared at the bar and stated , that he was commanded by his Majesty to acquaint die House , that his Majesty had caused Major-General Napper Christie Burton to be put under an arrest , for a breach of military discipline.—He then moved , that an humble Address be presented to his Majesty , that king his Majesty for his most gracious communication , and for his tender regard for the privilege of that House , Ordered , —Mr . Secretary Yorke moved , in pursuance of all order of the day , that the House should go into a Committee on the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill , The bill having gone though the Committee ; 133 the report was brought up , and ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Secretary Yorke moved also , that the House do go into a Committee on the Irish Martial Law Bill . The House having accordingly resolved into the committee , and the clauses having been filled up , the report was brought up , and ordered to be received to-morrow.—The Report of the Committee of Supply of yesterday on the Transport Service , & c. was brought up , and the Resolutions read , and agreed to.—The Indemnity Bill , after a clause was received into it , on the motion of Mr. Corry , extending the provisions to Ireland , past a Committee of the whole House , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow r.iorning.—The Irish Sugar Bounty Bill went through the same stage.—The Bill to prohibit Distillation from Oats in Ireland was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—As also the Portugal Wine Bonding Duty Bill.—The Bank of England Restriction Bill was read a third time and past.—The Malt Duty Bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to a Committee of the whole House to-morrow morning . The Irish Small Note Suspension Bill went through the same progress.—The Five Million Exchequer Loan Bill went also through the same progress—The Irish Corn , Potatoe , and Provision Bills , in like manner , past the same stage.—As did also the Curates Relief Bill , and the English Sugar Drawback Bill . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Irish Bank Restriction Bill and on the motion that the bill be now read a second time , rose . Pie said , he did not see any reason why the restriction of payments in specie should be continued , either on the Bank of England or Ireland , to the protracted period of six months after the ratification of the preliminaries of peace It must be obvious , his lordship thought , to every person , that the paper currency of Ireland was already carried to an alarming extent . It was his intention ,