previous instruction . 270 With this arm I am convinced , that , in opposing a disembarkation , and on many other occasions , they would add very powerfully to the effect of an attack , if they were judiciously managed , and not exposed to the enemy 's fire until the moment presented itself for charging him . said , it was by no means his intention to oppose any of the resolutions , but he wished to make a few observations connected with the general subject before the House , The principle point on which he meant to trouble the House , related to the measures necessary to be adopted in the event of marchingivotunteers to the coast . It appeared to him that the sum , proposed to be voted for volunteers , was too small , because , upon the best calculation he could make , it would require very little less than one million . If they were to be employed at all in that way , he thought that some provision ought to be made for their families . Upon this subject he had lately had some correspondence with one of his Majesty 's principal Secretaries of State , and he begged to acknowledge the great readiness which that right hon . gent , bad shewn to attend to his representations . There was in one of the acts a provision upon this subject , in case the volunteers were called out upon actual service . Some doubt had arisen respecting the word `` called '' out on actual service ; but , in his opinion , if they were out , some provision ought to be made , for their families , Some or the corps in his neighbourhood were now upon actual duty , and when they offered their services fos that purpose , they made no stipulations upon the subject . When he learnt from the Lord Lieut . that it was wished that some of the volunteers should march to the coast , he assembled the corps nearest to him , and when the proposal was made to them , they cheerfully offered their services : of 296 there was but one man that made the smallest objection to it . Afterwards , some of them came to him , and represented the impossibility of their maintaining their families . The corps , to which he alluded , was in general composed of labouring men , who earned , upon an average , about nine shillings a week ; with this they were enabled 10 maintain their families . If they were marched from home , they would receive a shilling a day , out of which it was obvious they could not maintain both themselves and their families , it would , therefore , be absolutely necessary that some provision should be made for their families , otherwise it would be impossible for them to 271 continue , in the service . The corps to which he alluded , were animated with the most ardent desire to devote their services to the public , and to go wherever their services could be useful . When he was speaking to them about marching , and explaining to them their district , they said , `` Do n't , tell us , Sir , about districts , we will follow our officers any where . '' Out of 296 men , of which the corps was composed , 294 marched from home , and were now actually on duty . He had heard regularly from the commanding officer , ever since they marched , and every letter was full of applauses of the conduct of the men . This spirit was not confined to the spot to which he alluded , it was , he was sure , general all over the country , and he should be sorry indeed to see such a spirit damped . It at first occurred to him , that the allowance to their families ought to be paid by the county ; but , upon consideration , he thought otherwise , because the burthen would