combustibles , I so massive and unwieldy , that less than 10 men could not easily move them.—Then I how could the House credit , as it had been asserted. , that 8 men only were employed in the work . Ail this had been quietly going on for some weeks previous to the rebellion and within a few hundred yards of the Castle gate , and this being admitted , ( for it can not be denied ) , bow is it we are called upon unblushingly to extol the vigilance and exertions of the government of Ireland ? if 795 the Lord Lieutenant had the power sufficient to crush this insurrection in the bud , which he ( Lord De Blaquiere ) always shrewdly suspected he had not , why was it not exerted ? If the Lord Lieutenant had those powers and did not exert them , he was Criminally to biome ; but if , instead of being armed with those powers ( so indispensible for the executive government in a disturbed country ) it should appear , and he thought he had picked no as much in he course of the debate , that Lord Hardwick was not only unarmed with those power but that he had actually applied for them to his Majesty 's ministers in England , and had been refused ; sure , said lie , my Lord Hardwick can be no longer to blame : the blame , the neglect , the responsibility , no louder attaches upon him , it reverts with accumulated weight up n the shoulders o the right hon . rent , who sits in the next bench—upon him and those with whom he has advised.—The noble lord who said that 3,000 pikes only were taken , had been misinformed , for there noble lord , he knew , was utterly incapable of giving the fiat of his word to at thing which he did not believe to be true ; therefore was that 13,000 pikes we taken on the 23d of July , and the succeeding day . Ins authority was from one of the persons persons appointed by government to collect them.—To go into the military disquisition of the business , was at that hour too late : and , moreover , had been sufficiently explained by hon . gent , who had gone before him ; but , that some thousand strangers had come into the town in the night between the 22d and 23d of July , every body knew . The government bad express information of it , not from ordinary and ill paid spies , but from Some of the not it respectable gentry of the country ; and , that their object was to cot the throat of every loyal man . These are facts , said his lordship , for the truth of which , I desire to be brought to the tribunal of truth , for enquiry ; that is , the committee moved for by the hon . baronet . He wished for the sake of the country in which lie had so long lived , and for the honour of the government under which he had so long served , that he might be put in the wrong : but , he supplicated , he implored the House , to satisfy the people of that neglected country , and let them know , whether all the calamities they hid so recently endured , were brought upon them by the visitation of God for their sins ; or , whether they owed these disasters to the misconduct of men who were no more than themselves ? —That an inquiry ought to be induced , if argument can prove any thing , bad already been proved.—The hon . general 796 who had been alluded to , did not go to Ireland to make a character ; and it was the bounden duty of the House , to see , that he did not loose a character without a cause . The friends of that gallant officer , he was sure would vote for the inquiry ; the hon