only doing no good , but were even injurious to the interests and defence of the country . ; Is the right hon . gent , so grossly ignorant of ancient and modern history , as not to know ; what glorious exploits have been performed by the patriotic and voluntary energy of men like our volunteers ? Such examples will not be lost , I am confident , on my countrymen If real danger should present itself , what may not be expected from men , animated with one spirit , fired with an unexampled unanimity , to lake arms in defence of a monarch whom they love , of a constitution which they revere , of an independence which they cherish , and for the protection of every thing that can be valuable and precious to them as men and as Englishmen . in explanation , observed , that he had never said that 400,000 men in arms would be of no use . in order to set the 341 right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) right as to the subscriptions which were set on foot in the metropolis , thought it his duty to state , that the object of these subscriptions was to defray those charges for which the corps were not entitled to call upon government , and the sums subscribed were to such an amount , that they could not be expended for years ; neither was it an idea with these volunteers , that they were only to be shewn to the enemy in their red coats ; they exercised and manœuvred almost every day in all the evolutions necessary for a regular army . As to the committee , they only managed the money : they never interfered with the discipline of the men . He wished that adjutants should be added to the corps , but not field officers . As a proof that this was the general wish many of the corps had already procured adjutants , and settled on them an adequate income . They were , in fact , in every respect effective soldiers , and ready to act as such wherever the appearance of the enemy required . As to the bounties for the army of reserve , 26 guineas was the highest sum given in the metropolis . Before he sat down , he should just ask the Sec . at War , why the marine and river fencibles were not noticed in the return of the volunteer corps ? Was it from their being a force of an extraordinary description , which could not exactly be classed with the others . had not inquired into the reason of the omission alluded to by the worthy alderman ; but he supposed it was because the corps mentioned by him were not understood to be of the description to which the return was to apply . Probably they were understood to belong to the Admiralty . complained that his right hon . friend below ( Mr. Windham ) had been grossly misrepresented . He did not think that 4OO,000 men could be of no advantage to the country . On the contrary both he and his honourable friend gave the volunteers the highest credit ? they only complained of the manner in which they were constituted , and that they had a tendency to starve the regular forces . He expressed his regret that any exemptions had ever been granted . He believed it had been by accidence . It was doubtful whether it was intended , even by ministers themselves , to give these exemptions : for , so late as the 23d of Sept. they had consulted his Majesty 's Attorney-General whether they were to be given . If he had himself understood that they were to be given , he would have came down prepared to oppose them . As to the volunteers in general , he was of 342 opinion , that they ought to be carried to the highest perfection of which they were capable , and he was , therefore , sorry , that the suggestion of a