, it was one which he held in common with ail enlightened writers on this subject ) the best security against a total want of circulating medium in the time of our utmost need , would be found in the necessity , which persons in the middling classes of life already feel , of providing beforehand for such an occasion . How , indeed , could it be expected , that when a man of that description joins the volunteer ranks , and serves his country in the field , he should leave his family to rely entirely , and for their daily bread , on the paper of a private banker , whose counting-house may be at that very moment occupied by the enemy.—The steps taken by such individuals to make provision for this case , must then of necessity produce at this time an increased demand for specie ; that demand will in this , as in every other article , produce an increased value ; and , unless the nature of things be inverted , tire increased value must , in its turn , produce air increased supply . He was therefore beyond measure astonished to hear that , in some other place , this conduct in persons of such a description had been spoken of as a fit subject of reproach and censure ; and that this opinion had proceeded from a quarter which ought to be of the highest authority in matters of this nature . Such language could have no other tendency in this case ( as in that to which lie had already likened it ) than to raise popular odium , and to excite popular tumult , against men who used their own discretion in disposing of their own property . If it were lit to censure such a disposition , it must be essential to endeavour to prevent it . There were two precedents in history which might be resorted to for this purpose : two cases where , in support of an excessive issue of paper , government had regulated by law the quantity of specie which each individual should be suffered to retain . Those were the Mississippi scheme , and the scheme of the assignats . In both 308 instances the measure had immediately annihilated the paper it was intended to support . He had no fear that the same principle , by whatever authority it had been countenanced , would be acted upon to the same extent in this country but he must take the liberty to say , that , in so far as it was followed up , either in speech or action , exactly in that proportion the public credit was affected and injured by it . The danger of such a shock to private paper , as he had stated , in the case of invasion , was not to be guarded against by such language , which had no other tendency than to increase that danger . Neither was it one which , on the other hand , it was prudent or safe for us to overlook . The wretched policy of neglecting necessary precautions for fear of creating just alarm began now to be sufficiently understood . In every instance in which it was resorted to , it always would produce the same effects as had already been so fatally experienced from it . Yet , by the present bill , while we confess the nature of the danger , the slightest glance at the proportion which private paper bears to that of the Bank will shew how far we are from providing for its extent . Those who at all understand the subject , know that the Bank paper possesses a stability not to be shaken but by such a total subversion of the country as no Englishman wishes to survive . Yet we think ourselves obliged to protect even this corporation , resting on such immutable pillars of security , against the danger of sudden pressure from temporary alarm . Shall we then wholly overlook the private paper , so much greater in extent , and so much less