argue the question of the competency of any petitioners complaining of an undue election . They had not the evidence on which any fair decision could be formed . They were not the court before which the general question was to be tried . It was very clear that copyholders had not a right of voting ; but of a petition signed by copyholders , the House were not entitled to bold an opinion . He mentioned this case from its being so clear , and when he stated this , he meant to include in the observation the incompetence of the House to assume to themselves that right of determining the merits of petitions , which was reserved for a special tribunal . Whether petitioners had , or had not a right ( o vote , was the subject of future consideration . The House had a simple task to execute . They were to determine , whether a petition complied with the terms of the act . In the present instance , he trusted , that he had shewn that the petition was irregular , and he should therefore conclude with moving , that the order of the day for the consideration of the petition of certain persons , stating themselves freeholders of Middlesex , be read.—The order was read accordingly.—Mr . Fox then moved , that the said order be discharged.—The motion being put from the chair , rose to reply . He had listened with the utmost attention to all that had fallen from the hon . gent. , and the result was , that the impression which he felt yesterday , when the subject was first mentioned , had not only remained unimpaired , but was now considerably strengthened and confirmed . He was ready to concur heartily with the hon . member in his views of the importance of the subject , both as it respected the propriety of adhering rigidly to the provisions of every act of the legislature , and the necessity of avoiding all restraint on the right of the sub- 395 ject to lay their petition against any supposed infringement of their elective franchises before Parliament . He allowed that the Grenville Act was founded on a principle of jealousy and distrust of the judicial proceeding of that House , and that the intention of the act was to annihilate the existence of discretionary powers of decision . But it was his very conviction of this meaning of the act , which at present made him particularly desirous of resisting the motion now submitted to the House . He thought that the interference proposed was of a very dangerous and unconstitutional nature . It would be nothing short of breaking in upon a regular course of precedents , and counteracting the fundamental principles of all the laws for arranging the exercise of the elective franchise . As to the persons entitled to petition , he had a few observations to submit to the House . After the passing of the act of the 10th of his Majesty , the number of persons conceiving themselves entitled to petition under the set was so great , that the table of the House was covered with petitions , and very material inconvenience was experienced . It was to remedy this inconvenience that the 28th of his Majesty was passed . In that act , the persons entitled to petition were designated ; but he wished to ask of the hon . member , whether he meant to affirm , that the act expressly required that , persons petitioning should expressly state their right of voting in the body of the petition ? having answered this question in the affirmative , The right hon . gent . resumed , and contended that this was not what he , conceived to be at all in the contemplation of the legislature at the time the act was framed . All that was meant by the clause was , the general designation of freeholders should be observed . If the general qualification of the freeholders , and their right to vote was stated , then be would