should be provided . The army of reserve , the only channel of recruiting not yet dry , would 180 soon , possibly , be dry likewise . It had yielded 7000 men : it was doubtful how many more it had to yield . Whatever it gave to the army , was so much in diminution of its own numbers.—How much might continue to ooze in from it , in its decreased and decreasing state , was very uncertain ; not to mention the dreadful expense and ruinous example of those successive enrolments—this double bounty . At all events the supply , in this way , had necessarily a termination . It was an artificial , not a natural cascade . As a supply , it must at last run out . When recruits should have entered from this army , equal to the original numbers , the measure was at an end . The array of reserve , therefore , could not be looked upon as a permanent mode of recruiting and reinforcing the army ; and , in the mean while , by this and their other measures , ministers had laid the foundation of such difficulties , as would render it nearly impossible that any such mode should be devised in future . The probability was , that after yielding to the army a few more thousands , so much would just remain of the army of reserve , as would be sufficient to preserve the example of this anomalous force , and to make recruiting impossible by contributing , with the militia , to continue the high rate of bounties . In aid of all these mischiefs came the effect of the volunteer system , which , as the hon . gentlemen had managed it , whether by design or by mistake , locked up 400,000 men of the active population of the country . What a blow was here ! He was tempted to call out to the hon . gentleman , as the Roman Emperor did to his General , Redde mihi , Vare , legiones . Seventy thousand men and more , withdrawn from the supply of the army of reserve , by the militia ; and 400,000 men withdrawn from both militia and army of reserve by the volunteers ; and the army of reserve , the only source for recruiting the army ; with what sort of men , and at what rate of recruiting , was the army likely to be supplied ? All this , as a future consideration , the hon . gentlemen thought nothing of.—They had got , or thought they had got ( they had in fact got no such thing ) , what was sufficient for present defence ; and , beyond that , they never thought of looking . Defence was their utmost horizon . All beyond was clouds and darkness . But to those , who did not wish to bound their views merely by that consideration , who thought that if the country was to exist after the present dangers , it was of some consequence to consider what that existence was to be : to such 181 persons it would be a matter of anxiety to know , how the country was to proceed without the use of a disposable force , and if such a force should appear necessary or desirable , in what manner it was to be obtained . His ideas upon this subject had long since been declared , and he had not been able , by any subsequent reflexion or inquiry , to get beyond the notions which he had at first formed . His opinion had been , and was , that , as a first step , there should be an universal abolition of the system of substitution . That all commutation for personal service ( as commutation there must be ) , should be made by fixed fine , so as lo render government tile only recruiter in the market without competition from militia , army of reserve , or any other service . That to meet , and co-operate with the