of , he meant the expense . Three hundred or three hundred and fifty would at least be necessary , and these would be placed on half-pay to the end of the war , whereby they would lose their prospects of promotion in their profession . said , he would take an opportunity of bringing forward his proposition on the resolution respecting the volunteers . as one who had mistaken the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , declared himself satisfied with his explanation . He thought the appointment of field officers would be too expensive , but was of opinion , that adjutants and Serjeant majors should be appointed to battalions , and that the adjutants should have the rank of captain by brevet.—The Report was then received . On the first resolution , that a force of 129,039 men be granted for guards and garrisons , being read , expressed his satisfaction at so large a vote , but desired to be informed what the actual effective force of the country was at present , what its deficiency from the number in the vote , and what mode was proposed for supplying the deficiency ? supposed the right hon . gentleman alluded to a statement of his on Friday ; he had then stated the effective force of the United Kingdom to be 176,000 men , 80,000 of whom were militia , and of course 96,000 regulars , of whom 26,000 were only for limited service , so that the force for general service was 69,000 rank and file . The most material deficiency , therefore , was in the regulars . There were of the 50,000 of which the army of reserve was to be composed , 14 or 15,000 not yet raised , which arose from the time of the year at which the act passed , in harvest . In Ireland , too , it was later , but the execution of it was proceeding favourably at present , and if the country were to continue its efforts , that deficiency would soon be made up . The crown would have a discretion in promoting the recruiting of the regular army from the army of reserve , by allowing a bounty . wished to be informed by what mode the deficiency , below the number voted , which , in his view amounted to about 23,000 , was proposed to be raised in a short time . He considered the reserve as regulars , though engaged only for limited service . As drummers and non-commissioned officers were not included , they , he supposed , might be considered equal to 9 or 10,000. replied , that the deficiency , making allowance for drummers , & c. did not exceed 20,000 , which was to be made up by the 15,000 of the army of reserve , not yet raised , and by such modes as should be deemed most likely to promote the general service of recruiting . If the country would put its shoulders to the busi- 278 ness , there would be no reason , on the meeting of Parliament , to regret any deficiency . With this supply from the reserve were would only be 5,000 deficient , and on the gross militia of the United ampire , there was only a deficiency of 8,000. observed here that chearmy of reserve was by the act intended to have been raised in proportion to the population of the several districts , and no substitute was to have been received who should not be of the same , or of an adjacent county . The provisions of the act were violated whenever crimps were employed to procure substitutes , and considerable inconvenience was felt in many places , by adhering to the dispositions of the act.—After a few words from the Secretary at War and Mr. Fuller , the resolution was agreed to.—The several other resolutions were then read and agreed to.—On the question being put on the last resolution relative to the volunteers , said , he was sorry to be obliged on this resolution , again to address the