men were not agreed in their sentiments respecting his Majesty 's indisposition ; this was a circumstance of the last importance , and certainly ought not to be with-held from the legislature and the public . To remove the apprehensions on this head , to satisfy the legislature that it was not proceeding with the business of the nation when there was no executive government , to satisfy the nation there was no intention to mislead them ; he wished that some explicit answer should be given with respect to this point . He would therefore , request , that before the question was put , some of his Majesty 's ministers would be so candid as to satisfy the House . followed on the same side . He urged the point that an explicit answer should be given to the question of the noble lord near him . He really wished , that the mystery which appeared to him to hang over the circumstance of a fifth physician attending his Majesty , whose name did not appear in the Bulletin , should be satisfactorily cleared up . If the opinion of that gent , was as favourable as that of the other physicians , why should it be with-held from the public ? If it was not , the public had still a right to know what it was ; it was a most flagrant breach of public duty in the ministers , if , from motives of false delicacy , or 639 any other motives , they took upon themselves to conceal from the nation that it had no executive government . If that was the fact , he wished , that , instead of clothing their communications on this subject in general terns , they would remove the public anxiety all at once by an explicit declaration upon this subject . These general sort of answers always left an impression that something was with-held material to the question . The ministers ought , therefore , to be more explicit and particular , in order that there might be no possibility of misunderstanding their words , and being led into error . This was a most awful moment , which required that the government should , in every point , be exercised with full vigour ; and it was the highest injury that could possibly be done to the legislature and the nation , to keep them in doubt on a subject that so nearly concerned them . He admitted that this was a point of delicacy , and he could well conceive the critical situation in which ministers stood at present ; but they had a duty to perform to the public , which ought to overcome every notion of false delicacy . He confessed his doubts had by no means been satisfied with regard to the indisposition of his Majesty , and it was , on this account , that he begged that the noble lord on the woolsack , or the noble Sec . would give a more particular answer to the last question of his noble friend . then rose . He had been personally alluded to , he observed , by the noble lord who had begun this discussion . He would assure the noble lord , that he was fully sensible of the responsibility that attached to himself in particular . He had considered , and that deeply , the duty which was incumbent upon him at this trying crisis . He was aware , that while he was , on the one hand , constantly to keep in view what was due from him , in point of delicacy to his Sovereign , he ought , on the other , never to forget that he had a duty to perform to the legislature and the public . He had settled in his own mind what line of conduct he was to pursue on this occasion , and kept that line exactly , which , in his own idea , appeared to be his duty . What the ideas of others might be on the same subject was another question . But