opportunity of knowing an instance of one house having issued bills of this kind to the amount of 400,000l . without half a farthing property to support it . It was easy to see ( acquiring goods with this issue of paper ) how the proprietors might grow rich , but , at the same time , how others would grow poor indeed & —He conceived discussions on these subjects useful , and though he could not agree with the noble lords who opposed the motion , he had listened to what fell from them , as well as others , with satisfaction and improvement . The restriction was originally an evil prescribed by necessity . The national banks were enabled to pay their own notes with others of their own : it was however a mistake to suppose that private bankers could , or even with Bank of England notes . They were compellable to pay in cash , and were only exempted from arrest on tender of Batik of England notes ; but if afterwards sued to judgment , they were compelled to pay the cash . This was a hard case , and a great exercise of power in the legislature ; but so it was , and not as seemed generally conceived , that private bankers were not obliged to pay in cash . However hard , he was among those who originally advised the measure , as the lesser evil of the two , and indeed as prescribed by an over-ruling necessity of the case.—Lord King said a few words in explanation ; after which the question was put and carried , and the bill ordered to be committed to morrow.—Adjourned . said , that an apprehension having prevailed than the duties on Beer were intended to he reduced , and an additional duty laid on Malt , he wished to be informed whether any such measure was in contemplation . said , he had no hesitation in giving the hon . gent . an explicit answer . There was no intention on the part of Ins Majesty 's ministers to propose any additional duties on Malt , nor any reduction of those on Beer . took the opportunity afforded by the reading of one of the clauses , to offer a few observations upon the measure . He was of opinion that some limitation should be set to the issue of the Bank of Ireland paper ; and he should have felt it a serious public duty to have called the attention of the House forcibly to the subject , were it not that the provisions in the bill set his mind at ease , under the present circumstances , upon that part of the subject . Of that clause which empowered the legislature to alter , modify , or repeal the bill , in the course of the present session , he particularly approved . Without these salutary provisions , he was open to acknowledge , that he should feel some apprehensions respecting the issue of Irish Bank paper : the excessive issue of which , he entertained no doubt , was the principal cause of the great depreciation of the currency in that part of the United Kingdom . He calculated there was at present six times the amount of paper in circulation that there had been prior to she restriction upon the Bank ; indeed , that an excessive issue should cause a depreciation , resulted from the very nature of things , as a glut in ( he market of any commodity tended to lower the price . expressed his coincidence in opinion with the noble lord , as to a part of his observations , but not with respect to the whole of them . He was at present averse from giving an opinion their affirmatively or negatively , as to the real cause of the depreciation of the Irish currency ; and in like manner , he would then refrain from stating a decided opinion upon the point of an inquiry being set on foot in that House , similar to what was instituted in the other House