, the demand for guineas by the manufacturers of the north , which obliged their employers to obtain guineas for them at any rate , and thus raided the price of them 10 per cent . Another cause stated by an hon . gent , the other night ( Sir John Newport ) , was the prevalent disposition to hoarding of guineas , in the three other provinces , which , he was very ready to admit , operated in no inconsiderable degree to the disappearance of gold . But , whatever were the causes altogether , the lamentable result was , that the whole bank paper of the country stood this moment at a depreciation of 10 per cent . Whether paper was or was not depreciated in value , was very easy to be ascertained . When paper was convertible into gold of equal value , it 651 was not depreciated , but now when it was necessary to give more than 2s . 4d . premium for a guinea , it was obvious that the paper was at a depreciation of 10 per cent . And he begged the House to consider what must be the situation of a country whose paper was at such a depreciation ! —There was another cause to which the evil by some was imputed , namely , the excessive issue of paper from the Bank . Whether this was the cause he would not determine , but he had no doubt but that there was an over issue , seeing , it was well known , that , at the time it was thought necessary to restrain the cash issues of the Bank of Ireland , the amount of their paper extant was only 6,90,000l . and that the sum of their paper extant , by their last returns , was 2,600,000l. , of which one million was in notes under 5l . There was every probability that this quantity must continue to increase , as it was well known , that the paper of the Bank of Ireland was the stock upon which all the private banks in the kingdom traded and , in proportion to the quantity of the national bank paper the private , banker was able to get into his possession , he was enabled to issue his own paper ( which he was bound to pay in national bank paper ) , to a much more considerable amount ; according to the principle of banking stated by some writers , in the ratio of three pounds for one , so that the greater the number of private bankers , and the more they increase their trade , the greater becomes the source of issue for bank paper , and for the increase of any evil of which it may be the cause.—Another cause that might operate , was the supposed insecurity of the country . He was not inclined , however , to think that the state of the country had much effect in producing this very unfavourable state of exchange . No man , he said , ever presumed to call in question the undoubted validity of the national bank of Ireland ; therefore , no inconvenience was ultimately to be apprehended from any portion of the paper which it would think fit to issue . Of the excessive issue of bank paper , there were few who entertained a doubt : and that this might be a very prominent cause of the evil complained of , was not problematical.—Now , with respect to the remedy , he should think there was one simple one , which , if it could , under the wisdom of the legislature , be accomplished , would prove at once most effectual . It was the establishment of one common circulating medium through both countries.—There was another point which had not yet been touched en by any person in the course of those discussions which had already taken place on 652 this subject , and to which he now begged leave to call the attention of the House . In this commercial intercourse between this country and Scotland ,