? Could not the House appoint a committee of secrecy ? Was the House so intirely destitute of means of making inquiry that they must let matters go on as they may , though they thought them injurious to the country , for fear of giving information to the enemy ? He thought that we were in no such dilemma , he thought that means might be found , if necessary , of making this inquiry , without any of that publicity which appeared , to the right hon . gent , so dangerous . But what was the alternative ? If there had not been a sufficient degree of exertion used in bringing forward the best mode of naval defence for this country , what was to be done ? —must we continue to go on in a defective mode of defence , rather than risk the danger of publicity in adopting a better ? He owned , that between the two , he found no difficulty in taking his choice , and he must say , that a prima facie case had been made for the inquiry , nor had he heard any solid reason given , or even a prima facie case made out against such an inquiry.—Another argument used by the right hon . gent , was , that perfect content reigned throughout the whole country with regard to the merit of our naval service . He was aware that here he trod on delicate ground , and he would abstain from saying a word upon that subject , if he did not think he should betray the duty he owed to the people of this country , if he past it over . Every man must speak of discontent at the conduct of any department of government , as it might appear to prevail generally among those with whom he had an opportunity of conversing , and his opinion must be formed from what he 896 heard from such men , and from the opinion he might entertain of the means of information and judgment of such persons . The subject of content or discontent with the-conduct , of any department under govt , must be thus considered , and thus had he been endeavouring to consider this subject , and he must say to the House , that he had not found a single professional man in the navy , who had not professed himself privately and confidently to him in the highest degree dissatisfied with the conduct of the Admiralty . Every one with whom he conversed upon that subject , had expressed himself extremely dissatisfied with the general system of conduct pursued by the board of Admiralty in this war . He had asked professional men of different habits , of different classes of life , in the profession of the navy , of different attachment to parties , and of different connexions in life ; some of them of the highest rank , gained , as he wished men might always , to a given extent , gain high stations , where there was no objection to them on the score of ability , by the influence of those with whom they had the good fortune to associate ; he had conversed with another class of men who always were , and always would be respected by every body , those who had advanced to high stations purely by their own personal merit ; from all of whom he had received one and the same general answer . He had made it his business to consult persons not only of the highest rank , lint also of as long experience , and as intimate acquaintance with naval subjects as , perhaps , any person in the service , and he must declare , that the terms he just now used , were milder than any he heard from these officers ; the terms he used , were not only milder , but they were weak in comparison to those used by such officers to signify their discontent at the system adopted by the present board of Admiralty with reference to the