and patronized by too many , of collecting with avididy every ridiculous story , or disagreeable circumstance , in a body of 380,000 men , and circulating it for the purpose of depreciating them . As to the riot at Chester , it was in the hands of the Attorney General ; however , the men were turned out of the corps with every mark of disgrace . But if the right hon . gent , would , with equal curiosity , examine any regiment in the King 's service , he believed he would discover little occasional irregularities in an equal proportion . Indeed , were he to consult the orderly book of a new-raised green regiment of regulars , he should not be surprised to hear him lamenting the risk of the constitution of the country , through the defective system of the army.—His lordship then thanked the right hon . gent , under the gallery , ( Mr. Pitt ) for the great attention he had given to the mode of recruiting the army ; a subject which had , indeed , occupied much of his own reflexion , There would , however , be a better opportunity for the discussion of that point . It might then be found quite expedient to make the militia sacred from the recruiting service . That difficulty of recruiting was so great , in various points of view , that if adopted as a general system , it would drive Parliament to the necessity of increasing the militia ; that force being so much more easily raised , merely because it is raised by ballot.—The next point , and one of great consequence , to which he wished to request the attention of the House , was the 557 subject of naval defence , on which the right hon . gent . under the gallery had expressed a doubt , though he was happy to observe , without any disposition to censure that establishment . On this subject he was glad to be able to present the House with accurate statements , in which they would see , on a comparison of our present state of naval defence in an advanced period of the last war , that our exertions had been very great . To begin with ships of the line : we had at present in commission 91 ; last war that number was not reached till the third year . Of frigates we had now manned 129 ; a number we had not last war , till 1798 Of armed ships of various kinds , we had now 20s , which was as numerous as in 1793 . So that , open the whole , we had 411 ships of war already , though not a year had elapsed since the commencement of hostilities ; whereas last war , at the end of the year 1793 , we had but 375 . At the end of the first year or this war we find ourselves as strong in naval defence as in the fourth year of the last war , when we gained the two great and celebrated victories of Lord House and Lord Rridport . All this statement was exclusive of the E. India Company 's shipping , which consisted of 20 ships ; of those of the Trinity equipped and manned , of 10 ships ; of various small craft to the number of 602 , at different ports ; of the armed vessels in the-dock wards 373 ; and of armed vessels on the Irish coast 137 ; making altogether 1,122 armed vessels , exclusive of our regular ships of war . Our seamen too , amounted to 77,012 , whereas it was not till the end of two years in last war , that they equalled that number . Our marines were 11,990 , which they were not last war till 1795 , a space of about three-years . From all this statement of facts , his lordship concluded , that the present state of naval defence was such as must give complete satisfaction to every person who candidly considered that important subject