succeed , while it continued in existence ? Or what was now become of that company , no longer visible ? Here then was a criterion by which the House might judge ; and to prove that the only advantage that could arise from the passing of this bill , would be to gratify the monopolizing speculations of a new and unknown set of men , to the almost certain ruin of so many thousands of industrious individuals , who had devoted their lives and industry to the business of fishing in all weathers , and at all risks , for the regular supply of the London market , of the sufficiency of which supply no complaints had been made ; a body of men , who , in all exigencies , afforded a supply of able and expert seamen for our navy , and whose community , within the last year , afforded a supply of above . 200 pilots for the service of govt . Such an object as the livelihood of such a community , was too great to sacrifice to any such speculation as the present bill . It was before the House last Session , and rejected upon the clearest ground of its inadmissibility . What new proofs , he would be glad to know , had since been discovered of its propriety ? He had the authority of an hon . friend of his , member for a neighbouring county , a very great portion of whose inhabitants would be materially injured by this bill , to declare his opposition to it ; and he concluded by moving an amendment in the order for the committal of the bill for this day , that instead of the word `` now '' the words `` this day six months '' be inserted . rose to second the 1050 motion of the hon . Member , and at the same time begged leave to add a few observations to what had fallen from him on the occasion . he asked the hon . gent . 's pardon for reminding him that the bill of last year on the subject , was not rejected by the House , but withdrawn by its framers for that time , with a view to reconsider the propriety of bringing it forward at a future day , in a more perfect shape ; and he must own , he thought it rather extraordinary those gent , after having coolly reconsidered the bill , could again think of offering it for the adoption of parliament ; for he could consider it in no other view than as a measure calculated merely to favour a monopoly , and he therefore trusted the House never would consent to pass it into a law , as it was of a tendency not only extremely injurious to one of the most useful , industrious , and important classes of the community in the country , but of the utmost danger to the very existence of that fishery which it professed to improve . To his certain knowledge , a number of persons , who , as well as their grandfathers , and great grandfathers before them , had been deeply engaged in , and derived their livelihood from , this trade , had recently , under the apprehension , which he thought unfounded , namely , that this bill would pass into law , actually sold off the ships they occupied in the trade , and many had even forfeited contracts into which they had entered , and-risked all the penalties they incurred thereby . He was sorry that any class of the community should be induced to entertain apprehensions that the legislature would , in the wisdom of its deliberations , suffer any measure to pass into a law for the advantage of one set of men , so injurious to the interests of so numerous , useful , and industrious a class of individuals . Ha stood not there merely a representative for a particular borough , whose inhabitants would be materially injured by the bill , to oppose it ; but as a