he would by no means resist the proposition , nor could he have any objection to consult the Crown an a subject of this nature . was of opinion , that his right hon . friend was sufficiently justified by the precedents he had adduced in his behalf . He had at any rate given the House an opportunity to investigate the proper mode of proceeding . For his own part , he was perfectly satisfied , at the same time , that should the Crown withhold its consent from such a measure , no precedents whatever could justify the House in their farther proceeding where the interests of the Crown were in any degree affected . Put this consent might be given or with held at any stage of the bill . It could not be learned from the title of the bill that the interests of the Crown are concerned . It was from the statement of the right hon . gent . only , that he had learned that the Crown was concerned in the present bill ; and having learned this , he had applied to his Majesty , and had authority to say , that his Majesty gave his consent in the most ample manner . stated , that the duties on tea and tobacco were far from being prominent objsct3 in his mind when he had started the objection . It was the interest of the Crown in general he had considered , and those not only as they related to the life of his present Majesty , but as they affected his successor . said , that the House might , perhaps , not be aware of what was the proper mode of procedure on such an occasion , but it was certainly much obliged to the right hon . gent . for his objections on a former evening , as it had led to an application to his Majesty , the result of which was so agreeable to the House . The question certainly was not in regard to the amount to which the Crown might be interested , but in regard to the principle . It was quite indifferent whether it was 500 or 5,000 , but whether the measure was constitutional . It was unconstitutional , be thought , that any alteration should take place in the fixed revenues without a message from the Crown . Whatever may have been the practice of the Irish Parliament , such a proceeding was certainly contrary to the practice of the British Parliament . The House may perhaps be satisfied with this method of getting information of the consent of the Crown , but he wished it to be understood , that , in his opinion , it was by no means the usual way , and that nothing less than a message was constitutional . was willing to appeal to the House , if a message was at ail necessary on such an occasion . Many instances such as this had occurred on grants , and on Committees of Supply , where 843 the Crown was interested , and where the consent was not deemed previously necessary . But so far as the interest of the Crown was concerned , he again repeated , that the consent in question was fully given . again begged leave to say , that in regard to the consolidation of the duties in 1797 , the interests of the Crown were perfectly safe , and that the cases were cot quite analogous . was surprised that on this bill no communication from the Crown should be thought necessary . When a bill of nearly the same nature passed in Ireland in the year 1793 , a message had been received from the Lord Lieut. , and that message ordered to be ingrossed in the books previous to any proceedings of Parliament . begged to remind the House , that in the 34th of the King , an act passed of nearly the same nature , without any message whatever from the Crown . stated , that his principal motive in rising was only to say in