being given , the bill was accordingly brought in , and read a first time , and 58 ordered to be read a second time to-morrow . It is then to be committed , in order to fill up the blanks pro forma , when it is to be printed ; and after a sufficient interval for consideration , to be recommitted for discussion . ( who was not in the house when Sir William Scott made the above motion ) said , he understood that a motion had just been made , and leave given , to bring in a bill similar to that of last session , to encourage the residence of stipendiary curates . It would be in the recollection of gentlemen , that in the progress of the former bill , a motion had been made , for the house to go into a committee , to consider of the propriety of making compensation to such curates as should be deprived of their cures by the bill for enforcing the residence of the clergy . The provision , which the committee thought it adviseable to make , had been incorporated with the bill , and the bill had been rejected in the other house as informal , it was now designed , to bring forward a plan , for the relief of these deserving men , in a separate bill . He should therefore move , `` that the house should tomorrow , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of the expediency of affording a temporary relief to such curates as have been or shall be displaced , in consequence of the act of last session , for enforcing the residence of the clergy . '' He was authorised to state , that the proposition had the consent of his Majesty . moved for leave to bring up a petition from the merchants of Liverpool , praying for leave , to bring in a bill , to enable I hem to fortify their harbour and town at their , own expense.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer said , the petition was recommended by his Majesty , so far as the crown was concerned.—The petition was accordingly brought up and read . It stated , that the commander in chief , and other general officers of that district , had represented the harbour and town of Liverpool to be in a very inadequate state of defence . The mayor , bailiffs , and other officers of the corporation , having , on their part , offered to raise a great portion of the necessary fortifications at their own expense , the merchants wished to con tribute to carry the plan into full effect , so that floating batteries may be stationed across the mouth of the harbour , and by erecting batteries on such points of the coast as were thought to require fortification . For this purpose voluntary donations had been sub- 59 scribed , but the amount of them being insufficient , it was wished to raise the remainder of the necessary sum by loan , as a security for which the merchants were willing to pledge their ships , and other property . It was to enable them to raise this loan , that the aid of Parliament was required . said , that though some of the gentlemen near him had communicated to him the substance of the petition , he was not acquainted with the form of it , till he had heard it read . If he had been aware of the words , in which it was expressed , he would not have exercised in its favour , the discretion which his Majesty had vested in him , to give the approbation of the crown where he should think it called for . What were the avowed designs of the enemy , referred to in the petition ; and what the zeal and spirit of the merchants of Liverpool to resist these designs , which he had no doubt were as great as those of any other class of his majesty 's subjects , were