in a volunteer corps , that such drill serjeant could not be tried by martial law . recollected the case alluded to by die hon . gent. , and that the reason of the reply which was given upon that case was , that the drill serjeant , respecting whom the complaint was preferred , did not belong to the corps , but was merely employed to instruct it . here took occasion to observe , that it was improper that any person in arms should have regular pay from any other source than that of government . proposed the addition of these words , `` when she same shall be signified '' by his Majesty 's proclamation.—This amendment was adopted . then brought forward his promised proposition , that the volunteers should be invited to go on permanent duty , for the purpose of improvement , for any time from 722 seven to 21 days , and that during such period , they should be subject to martial law . Of this he conceived that no volunteer could complain , nor could any objection be advanced against it , as it was to be recollected that it was at the option of every volunteer to engage in such duty or not . The right hon . gent , then proposed the addition of these words , `` or on being placed on permanent duty for any stated number of days , for the purpose of improvement in military exercise , with the concurrence of his Majesty . `` —Agreed to . To a question from Mr. Pitt as to the intention of ministers respecting the bounty to be allowed to volunteers going on permanent duty , whether such bounty was to be deducted from the marching money fixed for the event of invasion or rebellion , or to be an additional grant , no answer was given , and the right hon . gent , announced his purpose of bringing forward the subject again at a proper time . When the clause was read which relates to the appointment of general officers to command volunteer corps when called into actual service , objected to it as an improper interference with the royal prerogative , which could , in the event of invasion , call his subjects to arms , and place them under the command of such officers as it might be his pleasure to appoint . stated , that an exemption from such an operation of the royal prerogative , was one of the conditions upon which the volunteers had originally engaged to serve . took occasion to observe , that , as he had been informed , there was a difference of opinion between the right hon . gent , who brought this measure forward , and most of the colonel commandants of the volunteer corps , as to some points of law by which the volunteer system was supposed to be regulated ; if that was so , the better way would be for that right hon . gent , to state his opinion upon the law to the committee , in order that the matter might be settled , and all disagreements done away . said , that the law upon the subject to which the hon . general had referred , was not at all doubtful . When out on actual invasion , the volunteers , like all other parts of our military force , would be under the command of general officers of the line , but not unless they were out . They had , however , consented in many instances to be in some measure under the command of officers of the 723 line . They might be said to be so when they were inspected , and they were wise in so submitting , for it was a measure without which they could not be effectually improved ; but when they were so assembled they were under the command of a general officer of the line . said , that the opinion he had upon that subject he should carry with him out of the House to night but if