must state themselves in such a way , as to shew that they had , or claimed to have , a right to vote at the election of which they complained . There being no form of words pointed out by the act , what were the petitioners to do ? They naturally thought they should do that which others did before them . He could not conceive what could be the use of a precedent , if a poor ignorant man was not to be guided by it in drawing his petition in such a case as this ; and , more especially , if that was a precedent received and adopted by the House immediately after the passing of the bill , and followed up by several others , without any objection , for thirteen years together.—Now , as to the substance of the petition , it appeared to him to be sufficient . The petitioners called themselves `` Freeholders of the County ; '' from that the obvious inference was , that as such they claimed the right of voting at the election of which they complained . Would it not then , on a mere dry technical objection , be hard to shut the door against them ? By rejecting this petition now , there would be great and manifest injustice . By receiving it , there would be no injustice whatever to any one human being for all that could be done by the House , by entertaining this petition , would be to give it a hearing . His mind was satisfied that the substance of this act of parliament had been complied with in this petition . As to that part of the object of the act which was stated by the hon . gent . namely , that of preventing strangers from presenting petitions against the elections of members of parliament , he thought tint the best remedy for that was the provision of the act which made them pay costs . They stated themselves not to be strangers , but that they were freeholders of the county of Middlesex ; upon which the only doubt that could be entertained was , whether they were not persons who had become freeholders since ? That was matter for the inquiry of a Committee . The general current of petitions ; I was , that the petitioners were electors , and it might be said that they were minors then , but that they had become electors since ; but that would be matter for the investigation of the Committee . But he should have ; thought , that the hon . gent . who had brought forward this motion , would have said , that he suspected the persons who had 405 signed this petition were not freeholders , but , on the contrary , he had stated , that he hid no doubt they were freeholders ; and the act of the House had decided , it thought they were , by receiving the petition . He was , indeed , confident , that the hon . gent . who made this motion would be desirous if he succeeded in it , to have some legislative provision , for the purpose of allowing these petitioners a hearing ; for , really , if this petition was informal , it was the fault of the House that the parties could not be heard upon it , for the petitioners had stated it in the common form the House had been accustomed to receive it , that they were freeholders of Middlesex , and , whatever difficulty there was in receiving the petition under the authority of the act of parliament , the House did not tell them of it while it Was in their power to correct the error . Now he asked for no legislative provision , for the purpose of hearing these petitioners , for he had not the least hesitation in giving his negative to the motion of the hon . gent . and , in so doing , he should give a conscientious vote , for sending this matter