convinced will not escape the attention of gentlemen , that the great augmentation of our navy does hot arise from ships began , in a period of war , but from ships which have been laid upon the stocks for several years antecedent . During the last war , I can state , without the possibility of contradiction , that out of 24 ships of the line , prepared and finished for actual service , two alone were supplied from his Majesty 's yards . What conclusion then , it may be said , do I intend to draw from these facts ? I wish to establish it as a system that should be acted upon , that when the circumstances of the times require extraordinary efforts , you should look in the building of ships by contract , and that you should also lock to the augmentation of your navy , not in the precise moment when necessity calls for exertion , but many years antecedent to the pressure of any unforeseen exigency . As to the difference 880 of building between the King 's and the merchants ' yards , it was evident that no material difference arose in point of expense , since , in the latter , the amount of the expense was regulated by public advertisement , and the work was to be executed in the best manner . Now , Sir , if I am not very much mistaken , I am enabled to state , that since the present Lords of the Admiralty have come into office , only 2 ships of the line have been contracted for to be built in the merchants ' yards . I mean to shew that , entering on the present war , when our navy could not be in so good a condition as at the beginning of the former war , every possible means should have been taken to augment and strengthen it ; that it was a period which required greater exertion ; and that only 2 ships of the line have been contracted for ; while , during the last war , out of 2g ships of the line , the King 's yards furnished but two . But if the Admiralty be liable to censure for these omissions , it will be found still more so from details which lean pledge myself to prove in the most satisfactory way . I have explicitly to state , that there are at this moment docks and slips in the river unoccupied , which are calculated for building 14 or 13 ships of the line . When , therefore , all these circumstances are put together , and fairly considered , I hope I shall not be told , that they do not constitute grounds for an address to Iris Majesty.—The next motion I have to make is , `` that there be laid be laid the House a list of such ships as have been built in the King 's yards in 1793 and 1801 . `` But if gentlemen should think any information on this head might be the channel of improper intelligence to the enemy , I shall feel it my duty to abstain from pressing the motion on the House ; for I am aware that there will still be grounds sufficiently strong to convince the House , that the construction of vessels in the merchants ' yards , is preferable to that which is now adopted in those of his Majesty 's . I shall afterwards submit a motion for the production of a list , similar in substance and time , of the vessels built by contract in private yards ; and to this , I conceive , no material objection can be made , A noble friend `` of mine , on the bench below me ( Lord Castlereagh ) has , on a former night , entered into a comparative view of the state ; of our naval force in different years ; but it was so generally couched , as to be very little suited to the present inquiries which form the objects of my motions