considered that it was not a permanent tax , but intended to continue only during the war . Upon this principle it met with his concurrence , though , otherwise , he confessed he should have been disposed to oppose it . maintained that , notwithstanding the tax complained of , they still go to market with advantage , as had been fully explained by his right hon . friend . The duty his lord-hip considered not as a burden , but rather as a subject of glory , that they were called upon to pay their quota in support of the country in the present crisis . did not wish that it should go abroad that the linen trade was taxed more than it could really bear . The truth was , that the tax as in every other article of manufacture must fall not on the manufacturer , baton the consumer . he great question was , whether the tax was of such a nature as to prevent the manufacturers going to a foreign market , or if it was of such an extent as to operate as an embargo on the export of the article ? But if the tax was of such a nature , his lordship maintained , as not to shake the export nor to harrow the circulation of the article in a foreign market , there could be no reasonable objection to its imposition , particularly when justified by other circumstances . Other wise his lordship allowed that that tax would certainty be impolitic . Another question that would naturally occur on this subject was , whether the export during the operation of the tax . was greater or less than in former years , when unencumbered with the tax ? The duty fell at all events so moderately on the linen traders , that they were not entitled to complain , unless it could be shewn that it affected in any material degree their usual rate of exportation . did not understand that there were any particular complaints in Ireland on the subject . The opinions of the people here were not particularly hostile to he measure . stated , that in regard to the linen board , to opinion had been asked of them , nor had they entered into any resolution , or given any opinion on the subject . He understood it , however , to be the general desire of people in Dublin to 696 have the tax removed . The question still he before the linen board in a state of indecision . He would wish , he said , to have the different statutes on the subject laid before the House . ackowledged that resolution had been entered into at the meeting to which the right hon . gent , alluded , but that that meeting had been called merely to explain the grounds of the tax . At the same time there was no disapprobation expressed , and considering the attention which the right hon . gent , himself had given to the subject , he was willing to consider his not expressing positive disapprobation as a tacit acknowledgment that the measure was justifiable , for he was certain that if that right hon . gent , regarded the measure as incompatible with the public good , he would not have hesitated to have given it his most decided and peremptory negative . Since this was not the case , he was willing to construe his silence into approbation . With respect to the motion of laying the different statutes before the House , he would accede to it with the greatest satisfaction , but it would necessarily require some time.—The report was agreed to , and a bill ordered to be prepared and brought in accordingly . Alter which , moved , that a list of the articles contained in the book of rates by act of Parliament be laid before the House , with some other papers connected with the Irish revenue , which was agreed to accordingly . them moved for some accounts relative to the real and official value of the