of these occasions , in answer to ray right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Windham ) , will not easily be effaced from my memory . He told us that there were in this war , none of the odious restrictions on the liberties of the people , which it had been necessary to impose in the last . No suspension of the habeas corpus act . No martial law bill . Loyalty , harmony , and zeal for the public service , prevailed universally throughout the united kingdom , and all these benefits he described as the result of the peace of Amiens ; and yet within a week afterwards , I assert positively , within a week afterwards , the same hon . gent , came to this house , announcing an insurrection in Dublin , and bringing in his hand two bills , one for the suspension of the habeas corpus act , and the other for the declaration of martial law . And here , Sir , I trust , will terminate their vaunting encomiums on the peace of Amiens ; for I protest , from past experience , I never hear such exalting and ostentatious statements from the treasury bench , without a sort of superstitious apprehension of some approaching calamity . But , Sir , I must maintain , that the mysterious circumstances of this very transaction of the 23d of July , which is the basis of the present measure , furnishes an additional reason why the house should not proceed without further information . It now appears , that , while his Majesty 's ministers were accumulating eulogies on the treaty of Amiens , the rebels in Dublin were collecting military stores ; and that a large magazine was actually formed , without , as I have good foundation for believing , even a suspicion of it on the part of the Irish government . The government of Ireland , however , was not without pretty urgent intimations of some treasonable confederacy . The explosion of a secret gunpowder-mill , the detection of the conveyance of prepared ammunition in the streets of Dublin , and the intelligence , given by several most respectable individuals , of sure indications of approaching commotion , were formidable warning nevertheless the government seems to have been surprised . But when this suggestion was made by my right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Windham ) , his Ma- 98 jesty 's ministers denied the imputation with indignation . `` Why , '' said my hon . friend , `` it was not unnatural for me to suppose it a surprise ; because , a few days only have intervened , since you gave this house the most captivating description of the internal tranquillity and loyalty of Ireland . '' Still the answer from his Majesty 's ministers was , `` that the government in Ireland had been prepared . '' `` What precaution did you take , except strengthening two or three guards in the vicinity of Dublin , '' asked my hon . friend ? `` Did you make any previous communication to the privy council ? No . To the lord mayor ? No : the Mansion-house was robbed of a considerable quantity of arms . To the chief justice ? No : he fell a victim to his ignorance of the information government possessed . '' Nevertheless his Majesty 's ministers persevere in asserting , that proper provision was made against impending danger , and that the conduct of the Irish government was full of energy and alertness . The fact may have been so , Sir , but I honestly acknowledge I have my doubts of it ; and f do in my conscience believe that a majority of this house , and of the public , doubt it . Sir , I criminate no man , for I know not , supposing there is ground for censure , to whom the blame a teaches . There is no one who entertains more personal respect and esteem for the individual at the head of the administration of Ireland than