they certainly could refuse to accept the Treaty of Amiens , as the period from which the defence of the country ought to have been a subject never absent from their minds . But as he did not wish to deal hardly with the hon . gentlemen , as it would be mean and niggardly to be sparing of concessions where the materials of charge existed in such abundance , he would be content to date his examination from a much more recent period , and to leave out all the intervening space between the Treaty of Amiens , and the Bill of March , the day on which his Majesty 's message was brought to Parliament . He would suppose it to have been perfectly right , that from the moment peace was made , no matter with what circumstances , you were to proceed according to the established rule in such eases , were to reduce your army , dismantle your fleet , dispose of all your stock and implements of war , sell off gun-boats for little more than the value of the old iron , refuse for five guineas men whom you would be happy now to get back for fifty ; discharge others , whom you could not get back at all . All this he would conclude to be right , and that , without the observance of these accustomed forms , ministers would never have been able to persuade the country , or to satisfy themselves , that the peace which they had made was a real peace , and not a mere make-believe . He would consider their conduct only during the period subsequent to the 8th of Mach . The establishments of the country were then happily brought to the standard at which it was proposed they should remain ; all the reductions had been completed ; no subsequent alteration had taken place ; a vote in parliament might have passed , but nothing more : all the means of defence were as much to be re-collected as if the country had never been at war . Giving ministers full credit for the completely defenceless state in which the country then was , he would proceed to consider , what the change was which they had since effected , and what the means which they had possessed for that purpose ; so that by a comparison of the means possessed , and the work done , a judgment might be formed-as to the degree of blame or merit ascribable to their conduct . And here he would wish to adopt a method , such as was often employed on other subjects , where , when the quantum of objects could not be ascertained with exactness , means were resorted to for assigning at least a maximum or minimum ? He had heard , where in the case of exorbitant election charges , in a bill for cockades 165 for instance , the candidate had offered to pay for all the ribands that could be proved to have been in the shop for the last six months ; or where the charge was for liquor , instead of attempting to calculate the number of drinkers , and the average quantity they might severally have drank , he had proposed not only to pay for all that had been in the cellar within a certain time , but to gauge the House , and to give credit for all that could have been contained in it , supposing it to have been one entire cistern of liquor from the cellar to the garret . He would pursue a course somewhat similar in estimating the merit of the exertions of the hon . gentlemen . Instead of saying 'so much ought to have been done in recruiting , so much in completing the militia , so much in procuring defence in other ways , ' he would rather beg the House to take a general view of the means possessed by the country , of the manner in which ministers had the dispasal of these means , of the time they have had to