of agreeing to the amendments . This was the more necessary to be observed , because by it the House could see the bearing of the amendments altogether , before it entertained any discussion upon them.—The amendments were then read ; they were all verbat except the first , or which the substance is already stated.—On the question for the second reading , took an objection to the House , at present , in this matter . He said it was usual to adjoin n the consideration of all amendments made by the Lords , in any bill sent to them from the House , in order to give the members time to understand it . He did not profess to understand this amendment , thus brought down and read upon the sudden . He saw no harm in postponing the consideration of it for twenty-lour hours . He said , that an idea had gone abroad , whether true or not , he did not pretend to say , that the amendments made by the Lord 's in this bill , were such as the House had not been accustomed to receive and acquiesce in . He dared to say , that was not likely to be the case upon such an occasion as this , but that was a point , however well assured , it was imposable for the House to know ; for which reason , he thought this subject ought 10 stand over until to-morrow : this he pressed the : more particularly , as many gentlemen had gone away under an idea that this bill would not have been brought from the House of Lords tonight ; and that if these amendments were now agreed to , these gen- 371 tlemen would be deprived of the opportunity of delivering ; their sentiments upon them . said , that if he thought there was any amendment which required much consideration , lie should wish it to be deferred , to give every gentleman who wished it , an opportunity of delivering his sentiments upon u , but there really was nothing of that kind . It certainly was not difficult to understand the first amendment , as he had already stated it ; and , as to all the rest , they were merely verbal . With regard to the idea of the amendments being material , and of its hiving so gene forth to the public , that was one of the inconveniences which resulted from permitting the publication of the proceedings of Parliament ; under which , some persons had the audacity , in direct defiance of the standing orders of the . House , not only to misrepresent the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament , but sometime actually to invent matter , which created great confusion in the public mind . A clause was proposed by a noble lord in the other House of Parliament , by way of amendment to the bill , which amendment was now before the House , and which went only to make up for an oversight of the House of Commons , by which it was provided , that if any volunteer should quit his corps , he should no longer be allowed to avail himself of the exemptions to which volunteers were entitled ; that was all—a thing too plain for discussion . professed to have no wish to procrastinate this business , but he could not help thinking it was quite necessary that this amendment should be inquired into , which could not be done unless it was postponed until to-morrow at least . he was satisfied that a much more respectable attendance in point of numbers , would have taken place in the House if it had been thought that these amendments were to have been proposed to be agreed to to-night . He knew of no reason why the House might not take this matter into consideration to-morrow . He was quite sure none had been alleged . said , that all those , gentlemen who had heard the amendment and attended to the bill , who thought that it