. That this change too should be chosen , as the right hon . gent , recommended , merely in order to reduce us to a level with the French boats , for no other argument to support the choice has been advanced , really surprises me . It is something like this , that if we had a stone wall to defend us against the shot of an enemy , it should be recommended to us to throw down the wait and fling stones at our assailants . An anecdote has been very generally mentioned with respect to the right hon . gent who has commenced this debate : It is said that he proposed this sentiment— '' The Volunteers , and a speedy meeting with the enemy on our own shores . '' This I toast , I understand , was proposed among a number of volunteer officers above 6 months ago , at a time when he volunteers , upon whom we are so much to rely for our security , could not be much acquainted with discipline , if , according to the right hon . gent . 's assertion , they are even now very defective in that respect . I am as ready as any man to pay a just compliment to the right hon . gent . 's active endeavours to pro- 905 mote the improvement of the volunteers . I acknowledge that his solicitude for their advancement and glory is considerable , and probably he wishes to remove any impediment in their way . His desire is , perhaps , that they should have a full opportunity of distinguishing themselves pursuant to the toast I have quoted . If such be his view , he certainly could not accomplish it by better means than by contriving to have the defence of our country committed to his favourite gun-boats , instead of men of war . Independently of the other objections which I have offered to those gun-boats , there is one which occurs to me of too much strength to be omitted , if they were of the same kind as those of the last war , any description of men would be good enough , or too good , for them ; and if good men were required for them , they could not be had without deducting from the number necessary for our important shipping . Why , then , join with the corrupt band of detected speculators in censuring the Admiralty for not paying all the attentions which the right hon . gent , desired to these gun boats ? A little consideration ought to be sufficient to prevent any man from complaining of that respectable Board—that Board which is respectable in the estimation of all men but mistaken partisans or fraudulent contractors—that Board which has had such numerous difficulties to encounter , all incurred by a solicitude to expose and punish fraud , to recover and to spare the public money . Has the right hon . gent , read the five reports from the commissioners appointed to inquire into the abuses committed in the several branches of the naval department ? It so has he not there seen the foul corruption , the abominable artifice , with which the Admiralty has had to struggle ? Has the right hon . gent , observed the frauds exposed in the second report—the block and coopers contracts , where 2000l . have been paid for work proved not to be worth 200l. ? Has lie read the description of the plunder practised on seamen by the prize-agents : and if so , can lie , can any man who loves the friends of his country and virtue , refuse his gratitude and admiration to the first lord of the Admiralty who originated this inquiry ? an inquiry which has unto ed against him a host of enemies . They are enemies , however , which that noble lord must despise . It was but the prejudice of defeated vice against triumphant virtue It could not disturb the noble lord 's mind . While he was only assailed by those worms