He said he wished to be careful of incurring great expense : he did not say it was an expense that ought not to be incurred , although the price was stated to be 500,000l . It certainly was not absolutely necessary to be voted to-night , because the present resolution proposed to the Committee , if adopted as it stood , would 199 not preclude the other from being adopted afterwards ; for it might be voted at anytime , as a sum of money on account of the volunteer service , and that , if necessary , might be very easily granted ; but ( hat would be improper now , not only because it was not clear that the plan was eligible , although he did not say it was not , but also because the expense of the volunteer corps , as it stands at present , is not yet well ascertained ; for these reasons he should hope that the right hon . gent , would not persist in this plan for the present . With regard to the advice of the right hon . gent , with respect to the maritime counties , that they should have a larger proportion of volunteers than the inland counties , it had been already adopted , he did not know whether to the full extent or in exact proportion that they ought to be in each particular instance , but certainly to a very considerable extent . In Devonshire , for instance , there were not less than 12,000 , exclusive of Plymouth and the Dock . The same might be said of Portsmouth . As to Kent , there was a difference of opinion ; it appeared , however , that from 10 to 11,000 had been raised there , beside those of the Cinque Ports , some of which were in Sussex , as the Committee knew , but in all they amounted to 5,000 men ; so that the volunteers in the county of Kent were not less than 15,000 men . This , he apprehended , would show the Committee that the maritime counties in the South of the island had been allowed to raise volunteers , in a manner suitable to the distinction stated by the right hon . gent . So again in the counties of Cumberland and Durham , and those that extended to that part of the coast , there was a greater number of volunteers raised than in other counties ; not that the inland counties were scanty , but the maritime counties were abundant in the number of volunteers.—Now , on the subject of exemptions , it was a subject on which he should not enter into detail : there had been doubts entertained , and these doubts arose out of the act of Parliament ; some of which doubts , he could not help saying , were occasioned by those who had not read the bill . Some of these points he had stated.—However , if these doubts were so considerable as he apprehended them to be , it would be proper , even before the recess , that a bill should be brought in to remove those doubts . He then proceeded to explain what he understood to be the operation of the army of reserve , as it bore on the subject alluded to , by those who hail already spoken , and then repeated , that as he understood a considerable number of gentlemen wished to have the matter of exemp- 200 tion of the volunteer corps better explained titan it is at present , he should propose to bring in a bill for that purpose , and observed , that he should propose it before the recess ; for he thought it essential to remove doubts upon that subject . explained what he meant in that part of his speech which adverted to sea fencibles , to refer only to the places in which they were to be employed ; all he wanted was , that they should be employed in proper places , and for proper purposes . was surprised that