if his money served him rightly , that it would be manly in ministers to bring forward a measure which would reader the extension of the militia service a 1057 duty , instead of a favour . It might be manly , perhaps , but it ought to be recollected that it might also be dangerous to force men who had enlisted for one service to engage in another . It would , besides , be a positive instance of bad faith , that ought to be particularly avoided . He saw no danger whatever in accepting a voluntary offer of extended service ; and he deprecated all idea of forcing men to undertake a service for which they had not been enlisted , nor had in their contemplation at the time . The men had engaged for a particular service , and beyond that they could not be carried without their own consent . He gave his warmest approbation to the address . observed , that as this motion did . not go to pledge the House to any thing , but was merely an address of thanks to his Majesty , stating the satisfaction of the House at the offer which had been made , he did not mean to throw any difficulty in its way . But he certainly entirely agreed in the sentiments that had been delivered by the noble Duke , ( of Montrose ) . He was fully convinced of the impolitic and injudicious nature of introducing into the army a deliberative spirit , which had its origin in the volunteer system . Parliament was the place where deliberation ought to take place ; and they ought , in the first instance , to adopt measures which it would be incumbent on the military of every description to obey , instead of having their deliberation dependent upon any voluntary offers that might be made . It was impossible certainly to withhold the highest tribute of applause from the men who had made the present patriotic , spirited , and loyal offer of an extended service . He did not at all mean to throw any reflection upon them . He most entirely concurred with what the noble Marquis ( of Sligo ) had said , that the two countries ought to be united closely together , not in name only , but in effect ; and lie believed that the reciprocal services of the militia of both countries would be a desirable thing ; but it ought to be recollected , that his Majesty 's ministers had been advised to extend the services of the militia of Ireland , when they were raised at the beginning of the war , to this country . They were raised by bounty , not by ballot , but the advice was rejected . It had been said , that our hands were tied by good faith to the militia : it was true ; but to whom was this owing ? 1058 It was to those ministers who rejected the sound advice given them , when that might easily be done which was now impossible ; and thus their Lordships were compelled , instead of originating a measure , to follow the lead of these voluntary offers . The offers of the militia , during the late war , to serve in Ireland , had arisen from the spur of the occasion , and were therefore properly accepted and appreciated . But it was now the fault of ministers , that it had been left to the patriotism of the Irish militia to make an offer of their services to England . He had nothing to offer on the motion itself . He admired the patriotism of the Irish troops in quesion , and agreed in the applause which had boon bestowed upon them , but he wished to impress the House with a sense of the danger of encouraging deliberation among armed bodies of men . in reply to Lord Grenville , observed , that he recollected no such advice as had been referred to , but now it was impossible to break our faith with