being persuaded , that it never could succeed.—Had the volunteers been willing , or , more properly , had they been advised or permitted , to assume the character of an armed peasantry , and to have trained themselves accordingly , they would not only have been far more useful , but would have been free from the inconvcnicncies now chargeable upon these corps in the form in which they at present subsisted . One of these he had already described to be , the factious tendency which they might discover hereafter , and the general dangers to be apprehended from bodies of armed men , subject to no military controul . But an evil more immediate , and more certain , though somewhat more confined , was to be apprehended from their effects upon the army . These were of several sorts . The first and most obvious was the reduction made in those numbers , from which the militia and army of reserve were to be supplied ; the latter body being the only fund from which they could now look to recruit the army . 400,000 men , who , if it was hoped to make soldiers of them , must be considered as men capable of military service , could not all be persons , whom no temptations could induce to enter into the army , or who , if drawn for the militia or army of reserve , would all decline to serve in person . Such a portion , therefore , of the active population of the country could not be withdrawn and set apart , and other services not be the worse for it , The convenience would certainly be augmented , by measures such as those recommended by his right hon . friend , and in 286 general by whatever tended to give to the volunteer corps more of the shape and air of regular troops . Volunteer captains or colonels might not care much at present about restraining their men from entering into other services , nor feel very confident , probably , as ; to the powers they possessed for that purpose . But in proportion as the corps improved in appearance and regularity , these powers , if they existed , would be ascertained and exerted ; or if taken away , would be followed by the same complaints , which had been heard from militia colonels , that they would not submit to become recruiters for the army . Such could hardly fail to be the effect of the volunteer system in respect to the recruiting the army . But were there no effects which might be apprehended with respect to its discipline and character ? The volunteers were , to be sure , and necessarily must be , so inferior to the regular army , that little possibly might be apprehended from their example . Men were not apt to take examples from those whom they did not look up to . But it must be remembered , that what was wanting in authority , might be made up in numbers . Between volunteers and militia , the notion of a regular army had nearly dropped from their minds . They hardly inquired what it was or where it was to be found . It seemed to be the least part of the national defence : Pars minima est ipsa puella sui . It was so enveloped and hid in the force of various kinds that surrounded it , that it might be all withdrawn , and for a long while its removal not be perceived . But was there no danger , that in this state , forgotten by others , it might at last forget itself , and feel by degrees the contagion of that mass under which it was thus concealed and buried ? A long communication with troops , who with appearances the same were , in habits , notions , constitution , and practices , so widely at variance with all that was military , might in time produce an effect even on the regular army.—He would not dilate upon this danger