, the absolute nullity of the bill before them . For what had been the conduct of the right hon . the Sec . of State ? Much of the time of the House had been occupied in hearing him make his recantations and renunciations of clauses which he had before offered , as the result of much deliberation and communication with persons who were competently informed respecting their , among which was the identical clause , which if that passed , according to I be right hon . gents admission , would have been the extremity of injustice , to at least 3–4ths of the volunteers . There were also 4 or 5 other clauses , which he acknowledged required alteration . With such glaring defects in the bill , he put it to the candour of gentlemen in the least acquainted with the form and practice of that House , whether a Committee was not the only place in which such defects could be properly corrected , and any important amendments proposed . stated , that if any gent , had a clause to propose which could not be introduced into the bill without going into a Committee , he would vote for the motion , but not otherwise . said , that if the House would to it to the Committee , he should there real it his study to propose a clause respecting the grant of additional pay to the volunteers , and also a further a allowance for clothing . observed , that the recommitted of the bill was not necessary in order to enable the hon . gent , to 949 propose the clause he alluded to , as he might bring it forward in the present stage , and it might afterwards , if adopted , be referred to the consideration of a Committee of Supply.—The House then proceeded to divide , when there appeared moved an amendment , `` that all volunteers , whose services had been accepted subsequent to the 22d June , 1803 , should not be entitled to the customary exemptions ; , unless they bound themselves to extend their services , in case of invasion , to any part of Great Britain . '' opposed this amendment , as being in substance the same which had been rejected at another period of the bill . There were local and particular circumstances which rendered it unadvisable , that corps should on all occasions volunteer for general service , supported the amendment , on the principle that it would be extremely desirable that the House and the country should know with certainty what description and extent of service they were to depend upon in case of invasion.—After several other observations from different hon . members , the question was put , and there were obtained leave to bring in a Bill for paving , lighting , and cleansing the parish of Lambeth in the county of Surry.—The Two Millions Exchequer Bills Bill was read a third time and passed.—Sir Jacob Astley moved , that there be laid before the House an account of the malt imported into Gt . Britain from Ireland , and into Ireland from Gt . Britain , during the 6 years , ending 5th of Jan. 1804 distinguishing the duties upon each for each year , as well as the separate duties appertaining to Scotland ; also , that there be laid before the House an account of the quantity of malt carried coast ways between England and Scotland ; also , an account of the quantity of beer imported into Gt . Britain from Ireland , and vice versa ; also , an account of the quantity of malt , on which a duty was charged in Gt . Britain , and in Ireland , during the same period . These several motions were agreed to.—Mr . King moved , that there be laid before-the House a list of all public accompanies , in respect of whom any process had been suspended , prevented , or controlled , under the authority of the act of the 29lh of the King . Ordered.—A person from the