Exchequer presented at the bar the accounts relative to the surplus of the Consolidated Fund , moved for on the preceding 951 day by Mr. Gregor . They were bid on the table and odered to be printed.—The Highway Statute Labour Bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed only pro forma , and deferred till after the Easter recess . observed , that he had on a former day given notice of his intention to bring forward a motion relative to the assessments which had been made on the military incomes of subaltern officers . But since he gave that notice , several other oases of a similar kind had presence themselves , which lie conceived to bee usually strong and equally deserving the at tention of Parliament , with that of subaltern officers . He should therefore conceive , he hid acted wrong , if ha did not bring all the other cases under the consideration of the House . He now , therefore , withdrew the first notice he had given , and gave notice , that shortly after the recess , he would bring forward his motion in a more enlarged and extended shape . His motion should be for a Committee of the whole House to consider the propriety of revising and amending the act for laying a duty on property . moved , that the report of the volunteer consolidation bill be taken into further consideration . The report was accordingly taken into consideration , and the clerk proceeded to read over the several amendments and causes , adopted in the Committee , in order to be agreed to by the House.—On the clause respecting the allowances to volunteers on being called out . said , that as the clause stood , the guinea to which each volunteer would be . entitled who came out on permanent pay and duty , was to be placed in the hands of the commanding officer to lay out the whole or part , as he should think tit , for necessaries for the use of such volunteer . Now , when h first took the liberty of suggesting to the House the propriety of improving as rapidly as possible , the discipline of the volunteers , he conceived , that the idea of the House was to hold out to each volunteer distinctly a bounty for so doing . It was agreed , that many must make great sacrifices in coming out upon permanent duty , and he did understand , that the principle of giving a bounty to each individual was acceded to . Bat he could not help thinking , that the bounty being disposed of as provided in the bill , it must operate as an impediment in any encouragement to the volunteers to come out , as the sum to be given would no longer be at the disposal of the individual , nor would he be enabled to provide for his fa- 952 mily out of it during his absence . The money was thus prevented from becoming what it ought to be , a substitute for his earnings during his absence . contended , that the guinea ought not to go indiscriminately into the pockets of the volunteers , as , though there might be several industrious men with families , who might wish to appropriate the money to the use of those families , yet there were others who might probably lay it out in procuring those indulgences which were not very consistent with the character of a soldier . denied that this guinea was an inducement to the volunteers to come out , at least in Scotland , because , m fact , they were not paid . He wished to know , whether this guinea was to be paid to them , and if it was , whether it was in the discretion of the commanding officer to lay it out for the men in the purchase of necessaries for them , and he also wished to know , whether that guinea was to be considered as a part of the two guineas which