not have his assent ; because the to duct of that noble lord had his most hearty approbation , it it was meant to convey any censure upon the government of both countries , as with respect to the particular occasion , he should feel equally averse to vote for it , I convinced , as he was , that blame ought not to attach : but , if it was directed to an inquiry into the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , for not having directed ( heir investigations to the slate of Ireland , with a view to move the cause of discontent , and thereby prevent house lamentable ebullitions of popular discontent , which unhappily agitated the country , it should have his most hearty concurrence , because he had repeatedly endeavoured to impress upon his Majesty 's ministers the necessity of such an investigation , but without effect ; and because he thought their resistance to such inquiry most extremely culpable . In addition to this conduct he had to arraign that of a noble lord ( Redesdale ) at the head of the taw department of Ireland , in the prorogation of those letters which had appeared in the correspondence between had 805 and a respectable nobleman in that country , and in which the most wanton and unfounded insult was directed against three-fourths of his Majesty 's subjects in that country , by the unjust impeachment of their loyalty , which was to his knowledge , and from every thing which had been manifested in their conduct , most unwarranted and unjustifiable . said he would take up the time of the House but for a few moments , by way of reply . He left his personal motives to be judged of by the House , from a knowledge of his character . It was in vain to make professions . He knew gentlemen , who said they took places from patriotic motives , but others were not satisfied of that fact , and thought they caught at them from low and mercenary motives . His object was certainly to implicate the conduct of both governments , relative to the transaction of the 23d July . In order to show that Gen. Fox was not duly apprized of the approaching rebellion , and that the Irish govt . were taken by surprise , he read an extract from a letter to Gen. Fox , sent at seven o'clock , 23d July , signed `` A . Marsden . '' Was it , he asked , justifiable to protect and nourish such a man , and discharge , almost at the same moment , the gallant and meritorious officer whose conduct had been brought into question ? Surely this was too weak . After recapitulating several other points of his former arguments , and she wing the insufficiency of the observations by which they were opposed , he concluded , by professing his adherence to the motion he had made.—The Attorney General and Mr. Fox said a few words in explanation . After which the question was pat , and on a division the numbers were rose , and addressed a va- 808 riety of observations to the House relative to the state of his Majesty 's health , with a reference to the important proceeding then about to take place . He observed , he had reason for entertaining doubts that the state of the Sovereign 's health was such as to militate , in some degree , against the exercise of that very important part of the royal functions , which , he understood , was about to be acted upon . He spoke from an authority on which he thought he could rely . In endeavouring to illustrate the first position , he lordship made a variety of observations upon the reports made by the royal physicians at different times , and argued from the general tenor of such as he alluded to , that the Sovereign was not in a state of actual convalescence : the reports seemed , in his idea , rather calculated to flatter the expectations