unanimous expressions of joy and satisfaction at the communication which has been made , and of this additional proof of the zeal and loyalty of the Irish militia . I should conceive , Sir , that there can hardly be any person in the House who can rind any difficulty in expressing his concurrence and warm approbation at this generous and spontaneous return on the part of the militia of Ireland , for an equally generous and spontaneous effort which was made on a former occasion by the militia of England , who offered their services to go to Ireland , at a time when that country was in a state of considerable danger . But , as his Majesty 's message applies only to a part of the measures that are under the consideration of govt . for augmenting the disposeable part of our military force , I hope shall be excused if I advert shortly to other subjects which form a part of that general plan . Before I proceed to state those points , I think it may be material to recall the recollection of the House to the present state of our military force , because although it has been stated on former occasions in a general way , yet it has never been slated in that distinct and detailed manner which was necessary to make a proper impression upon the House . After having stated the 1074 present state of our military force , I shall take a short comparative view of our military force at two former periods , viz . in Oct. 1801 , when the preliminaries of the peace were signed , and in April 1803 , immediately after his Majesty 's message . The total of the regular force on the 1st of this month , including cavalry , infantry , and militia ; amounted to 252,841 men ; this body consisted in round numbers of 20,324 regular cavalry , 133,200 regular infantry , and 99,257 militia . The number of the artillery at the same period amounted to 14,202 men , making altogether the actual state of our force on the 1st of this month 207,043 men . Now , with respect to the comparative view which I proposed to take of our force at two former periods ; on the 1st of Oct. 1801 , the effective strength of the army amounted to 266,800 men ; the artillery to 12,287 , making together above 7.9,000 men ; consequently , taking the whole of our force together , and comparing them at those two periods , viz . Oct. 1801 , and March 1804 , it will be found that our force , now that we have only been engaged about 10 months in war , is within 13 or 14,000 men of the amount of the army , at the close of a war which lasted nine years . The number of cavalry in Oct. 1801 , was 26,350 ; but it should be recollected , that the cavalry is a force that can not be raised so quickly as infantry , and that the number of our cavalry was thought at that time by many gent , to be greater than was necessary.—I have now , Sir , stated very shortly- , but very accurately , the comparative strength of our military force at the two periods to which I have alluded , and having done so , I will leave it to the fair and unprejudiced determination of any man , whether there are any grounds for those charges which some gent , are so constantly in the habit of throwing out , of the want of exertion on the part of his Majesty 's ministers , and of the neglect of the military force of the country.—Now , Sir , with regard to our force in April , 1803 , immediately previous to the rupture with France : it amounted at that time in G. Britain and Ireland to 124,843 men . Now , Sir , I will state the distribution of our force at the two periods to which I have alluded . I The