be die necessary consequence of following the course proposed by those who wished to send this petition to a committee . He said that this was not a case within the act of Parliament , and therefore that all the House did upon it must in law be null and void . said , that perhaps the monstrous injustice of this case might have had some influence upon his judgment , for most unquestionable it was , that monstrous injustice would he done to the petitioners , if the petition should now be rejected . If the argument upon which the motion was founded was wrong , the reason which was proposed by the hon . gent , who moved it would be worse even than adopting the petition , supposing ins objections to it to be well-founded , because it would be trespassing more upon the act of Parliament , than even a wrong adoption of this petition , which he maintained they were not ; it would be open for the committee to consider the merits of the petition . If they were wrong in receiving the petition , the judgment of the committee would correct them , whereas if they were wrong in rejecting the petition , the question would be shut for ever . He thought , therefore , that in a question where these was a considerable degree , of doubt , the House would do we 'd to send it to a committee , rather than decide for themselves ; for , in the one ease , the error might be corrected , and in the other , it was impossible . From the year 1788 down to the present time , the practice or the House upon this question did not create any doubt whatever ; for , petitions similar to the present had been frequently entertained , and it might be called an interpretation of the law by that House , and by receiving such petitions , they may be said to have pronounced judgment upon tins statute . The case was not such as his hon . and learned friend over the way ( Mr. Jekyll ) stated it ; for lie had compared ibis case with the decisions of courts of justice upon cases of quo warranto , & c Between the proceedings of courts of justice in such cases , and the decisions of the House upon questions of petitions , he perceived no analogy ; for court ? or justice , in cases of quowarranto , had frequently decide , that individuals were worng , in the apprehension of their own rights , but , in this case , it was the practice of the House which had decided 409 upon the forms of petitions that were presented to it ; besides , it the practice of the House for so many years was inconsistent with the true spirit of the act of Parliament , he was of opinion , that the best mode would be to pass another act , specifying the very words which such petition should contain , rather ban now , by a single vote , overturn that practice ; because in that case the House could not be said to be legislating ; for itself ; for they must have the concurrence of another House of Parliament , as well as the royal absent , before such vote could have the force of Jaw . As to the preamble of she act , the grievance to be avoided was , that persons should not be allowed to petition , who did not at least claim a right of election , that nobody should be allowed to call in question the merits of an election , but those who claimed the right to vote at it . Now this was not all which electors were obliged lo do upon presenting a petition , they were not only obliged to state an apparent right of election , but before they could succeed in the object of their petition , they were bound to prove it . The committee could go into the question as it