only went to supply the defect of that bill as it went from that House , would agree to the amendment . But if any gentlemen in the House would have the goodness to attend to the amendment while it was read from the chair , and then would declare , as a member of that House , that he did no : understand the amendment perfectly , net only would it be matter of jus- 372 tice to allow further time to consider it , and therefore he should not oppose it , but he should himself move for further time for that purpose . obsersed , that several gentlemen who , he believed , intended to be present at the discussion of these amendments , had gone away under an impression that these amendments were not to be proposed to be agreed to until to-morrow . His lordship said , he understood it to be the general practice of that House not to take amendments made by the lords into consideration until the next day after they were brought down . desired the Speaker to read , first the bill as it went up to the House of Lords , and then the amendment made by their lordships , which being done . took leave to observe , that although sometimes amendments made by the lords were taken into consideration on a subsequent day , yet it was extremely frequent for the House to agree to amendments made by the lords on the same day they were brought down . One of the amendments had been already explained : as to the rest , they were merely verbal . It was for die House to say whether it would consider them now , or defer them to a future day . of the Exchequer said , that the substantial amendment now before the House was only to carry into effect the manifest intention of the House , but which intention had been imperfectly expressed . Here he went over the clause again , and observed , that the bill as it originally stood , only affected volunteers who should be ballotted , & c. but did not provide for the case of those who ought have been balotted and exempted on account of being volunteers , but who ought not to have such exemptions longer than they should serve as volunteers . said , that the importance of the subject was unquestionable . The propriety of adjourning the discussion of it was to him obvious . He professed himself incapable of understanding this amendment on the sudden , at least of being sure he understood it . Gentlemen had gone away under the idea that in was not to be discussed to-night , and he thought it was little more than matter of course to defer it until to-morrow . He was really ignorant of the possible effect of certain words being introduced into a bill like this , and his ignorance strengthened his argument in this case , for it was impossible without time to remove 373 it . There was no necessity of thus going backwards and forwards in a hurry with bills ; and therefore on these grounds , with every reason for the adjournment , and I none against it , he should think the House Would not prooceed en this matter now . said , that by the word substantial amendment , he did not mean that which the right hon gent . who spoke last , might suppose ; he meant it only by way of distinction from those amendments which were merely verbal . said , he considered the bill as new amended by the lords , to be precisely what the House intended it to be when they passed it , but from an oversight had omitted to express with precision , for which reason he supported the amendment , and saw no reason for delaying the consideration of it . adhered to his former opinion upon this subject , on account of gentlemen having left the House under an idea I that the subject was not to be discussed