If he had said at the time of presenting this petition , that the petition could not have been received , because the words were not in it which the hon . gent . contended the act required should have been in it , the petition might have been rejected without any hardship on the petitioners ; so that the formality of the proceedings of the House would have been preserved , and substantial justice might have been done to the parties complaining at the same time , for then another petition might have been presented , and the words , now said to be wanting , might have been supplied . But what was the 403 consequence of being silent then and loud now , if the House should adopt this motion ? That of placing the petitioners in a situation in which they could never have their complaint heard at all . The House would recollect that the parties were brought into this situation by the act of the House itself , in which the hon . gent . had acquiesced , as well as every other member . No objection was made to this petition when it was presented the last session . The petitioners would have been subject to a penalty of 200l . if they had not renewed it in this session , that was in other words , if the hon . gent . was right in his motion , there would have been a penalty of 200l . attaching on these petitioners , if they did not repeat the offence , that of renewing an irregular , illegal petition . It was said , that the spirit of the Grenville Bill , as well as the letter of if , required it should be stated in the petition , that the petitioners had a right to vote at tile election , which this petition did not ; and , therefore , this petition ought now to be rejected . If that was so , he could not help remarking , there would be a great hardship on the petitioners , and that by the course which had been taken to bring forward this motion ; and it would look very odd if , on the very day before the petition was to come on , and a Committee to be ballotted to try the merits of if , a gentleman could get up hi the House of Commons and persuade the House that the petition , on account of its informality , could not be heard at all . Besides this , if the order for taking this petition into consideration , was discharged , it would appear strange upon the Journals , for the informality of the petition would not appear upon the Journals ; ail that would appear there would be , that the petition had been presented in one session of parliament , and ordered to be taken info consideration on a given day , that the same petition was renewed in another session , according to the rules of the House , and that on the day before it was to have been taken into consideration , it had been rejected . No reason for its rejection would appear at all . Nothing would be seen to govern the future proceedings of the House by way of precedent , but , merely , that the House had received a petition in one session , made an order for taking it into consideration on a given day in another session , and had , on the day before the time for taking it into consideration , rejected that petition ; a precedent which he thought would be dangerous . As to the wording of the act of parliament , if the act of parlia- 404 ment had set down the precise words to be used in such a petition , and they had not been inserted , the argument would have been invincible ; but the act of parliament did not so provide , and the hon gent . did not say so , he only insisted that the petitioners