are to maintain our present high rank among the nations of Europe , but whether the British empire was any longer to enjoy existence . Our commercial strength depends upon our military strength . We must recollect , that our enemy is as regardless of the lives of his soldiers or subjects , as he is of those of his enemies . Such being the case , we must therefore powerfully feel the necessity of strong exertions . He was persuaded , that the spirit which prevailed in the country was amply sufficient to enable it to encounter its dangers . So long as there existed any apprehension of invasion , it was necessary to guard against it ; and the system which had been adopted was the most proper for that purpose . We must recollect the great number of vulnerable points on our coast , and how near our metropolis is situated to the coast of the enemy . It was impossibly for the country to supply a regular army , sufficiently numerous for its immediate defence , without the assistance of the armed population . The only question was , how is that to be obtained ? For his part , he could not see any means more efficacious than those which ministers had adopted . As to the excellence of an armed peasantry , he thought it was quite ideal . Had any person asked him , previous to any of the discussions on the volunteer bill , why he preferred volunteers in the present situation of the country , he would have answered , that it was because the volunteer system was one which did not interfere with the militia , army of reserve , or the recruiting of the regular army . The objections stated against the system constituted the very reasons for which he approved of it . It was not from theory alone , but from practice , he grounded his opinion . The militia force was already nearly completed . The volunteer system lessened the number of balloted men , but increased the number of substitutes . The volunteers were much greater sufferers than if they had actually endured the bal- 1046 lot . The very circumstance of handling arms inspired great numbers of young men , who were volunteers , with a military spirit , which encouraged the recruiting of the regular army . This he experienced during last war , when a proportion of 50 out of 600 volunteers entered yearly as recruits for the regular army . The volunteer system did not tend to interrupt offensive operations , for it would certainly be the greatest madness not to provide in the first place for our safety at home . He thought his Majesty 's servants stood upon safe grounds , when they had thus far followed the steps of their predecessors . Never was there such a large force collected in such a short time , and for that his Majesty 's ministers were justly entitled to the approbation and the thanks of the country , for their great exertions and attention to the public interest . During the present war , we had already reason to be thankful that we have defended our own possessions , taken those of the enemy , and blockaded their own ports , so as hitherto to prevent them from putting their schemes into execution . He had every reason to believe that the measures which govt , had adopted , and which the present bill went to improve , would be the means of continuing those blessings to the country which we had hitherto enjoyed . said , he by no mean ? entertained such gloomy apprehensions as some noble Lords appeared to do , respecting the probable duration of the war , or the final result of it : he hoped that the end of it would be , that France would not be permitted to retain her dominion over the continent of Europe ; but whether the termination of it was near or at a distance , the country had this year placed itself higher than ever in the