to the Castle , to receive such information as might have been procured by the subordinate officers of the government . He had come to the Castle , on the 23d , and after receiving the information respecting the projected insurrection , had held a consultation on the expediency of his remaining in the Castle , the result of which was , that it was considered better for him to return to the Park , as the circumstance of removing his family to town might create considerable alarm . Every body who knew his lordship , would do him Use justice to suppose that he would not leave Dublin from apprehension on such an occasion ; nor was it probable that he should consider a Serjeant 's guard in the Park a better security than a garrison of 4000 men in Dublin . thought , that as a charge might arise out of the statement that had been made , either against the Irish government , or the Commander in Chief , that the hon . Admiral might , notwithstanding the explanation that had been given , bring forward his motion , though not for crimination for the justification of his hon . rela- 149 tion.—The question was then put , and the bill ordered to be read a third time tomorrow . adverted It a motion which had been made by him during the last session of Parliament , respecting the dismissal of a gentleman from his employment in his Majesty 's dock yards . He wished now to know , and he was happy to rind that an hon . baronet was now in his place in that House , who might possibly have it in his power so inform him , whether it was the intention of the commissioners appointed under the authority of that house , to make any report upon the subject ? said , that in his opinion there 150 was not any such an idea at present among the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry . then desired to be informed if it was not intended to mention the name of that gentleman , or make any observation whatever upon the subject to which he alluded ? then told the hon . baronet that most probably that gentleman 's name might be mentioned , but he did not think it a circumstance by any means likely to occur , that any comment should be made upon the subject . observed , that , in consequence of the absence of his right hon . friend who had been the mover of that bill , he thought it would be most proper to postpone the consideration of that report for the present ; and as he had no doubt that the house would immediately concur in that opinion , he should move that the report be taken into further consideration to-morrow . There would most probably be a good deal of business then before the house , but it could easily be farther posponed till a more important discussion should happen to arise . The consideration of the report was then deferred till to-morrow . presented a petition front the Siena Leona Company , praying for pecuniary assistance from Parliament . observed , that he thought it his duty to inquire , before such a petition was entertained as the present , whether it had received the approbation of his Majesty , as it would , if the prayer should be finally agreed to , be voting away the public money to the use of individuals , which requited that fact to be first ascertained . stated , that he thought there could be very little difference of opinion as to ( he probability , or even the certainty , of his Majesty 's giving t a most gracious reception , as a petition for a grant of 10,000. had at a former period received that sanction . then moved , that the petition be referred to a committee , to examine the matter therein contained . stated , that the report of the state of the company 's funds had been to very favourable , that