compensated by to many advantages , and in what specific cases does he think that the principle of prevention is not the best ? Such doctrines I must ever hold in the utmost horror . As was justly said the other night , on the subject of invasion , that every inch of Kent or Sussex is to be defended , so every man in Dublin , every house , every chamber , is to be saved front destruction if the system of prevention can be applied . Such conclusions would be a disgrace to the policy of the worst governments , would disgrace Machiavellians so much injured , if given as the result of the principles often so erroneously imputed to him . But I hope I mistook the scope of the noble lord 's argument , though I am sure I do not mistake his words.—The defenders of the Irish govt . can not agree about the proper name of the transaction of the 23d . Sometimes it is a `` contemptible , riot , '' at others , a dangerous rebellion . It is said , there could be no danger , for there were 4C00 regular troops in Dublin . That force , I have no don but , would be able to suppress even a 787 formidable insurrection , but if an insignificant riot was expected cu the 23d , why was not the commander in chief directed to hold troops in readiness at the call of the civil magistrates ? And why were not the magistrates in attendance to give their sanction to the operation of the troops if necessary ? If it was a `` contemptible lint , '' why did ministers , upon such a ground , call for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus , and the introduction of Martial Law ? If , on the other hand , it was , as Lord Redesdale says , not 8 persons of the ringleaders , nor 8O rebels in all , but that persons came from all parts of Ireland to cooperate in a plan long meditated ; are not ministers culpable in being ignorant of that state of the country ? With respect to Lord Redesdale 's letters , it its been said , that next to the indiscretion of publishing then '' , would be the indiscretion of discussing them . With all that genius which the Irish possess , ( and I think they possess genius in a degree superior to other nations ) , with all this valour which they possess in an equal degree with the inhabitants of this country , with all the good qualities of every kind which belong to them , the people of Ireland have never been very famous for their discretion . It must no doubt , then , have been very gratifying to them , to find that a grave English chancellor sent over to then : had been guilty of an indiscretion , to which , indeed , nothing could be second : for it was of that sort that nothing simile et secunadum could exist . These letters are more than indiscreet . They must be infinitely mischievous if the author of them continues to fill his present station . It had been denied that Mr. Marsden had treated any one who came to give him information with want of attention ; but I have heard , that in the case , of a Mr. Finlay , something of this kind was complained of . I do pot assert this to be the fast , but if an Inquiry is grated , I pledge myself to shew , that it is impossible any man of sense can be of opinion , that the lord haut of Ireland did believe that an insurrection , great or small would take place on the 23d of July , and that till within half an hour of the explosion , the Cory nagged chief had no intelligence with manner it was expected he should act it was sail by the noble lord very boldly , that the ; was a complete far to