respecting the drawback on the exportation of sugars , & c. and renewing also the regulations respecting various articles that have been permitted to be imported without payment of duty ; renewing likewise all the last regulations respecting the trade , & c. of Malta till after peace , & c. which were all agreed to.—Mr . Vansittart moved for leave to bring in a bill to indemnify such persons in Great-Britain as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments , and justices of the peace who have omitted to deliver in their qualifications , officers of boroughs , & c. as required by law , & c. Granted.—Mr . Vansittart then moved , That there be laid before the house , an estimate of the charges of barracks in Great-Britain and Ireland , from the 25th of December , 1803 , to the 25th of December , 1804 . Ordered.—He concluded by moving an address to his Majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to give directions for that purpose . Agreed to.—Mr . Corry gave notice that he would to-morrow , move for leave to bring in a bill for continuing the acts relative to the importation of provisions to Ireland , and also for continuing the sugar act.—The right hon . gent , then observed , that as the act which passed last session , respecting the issue of what is called in Ireland silver-notes , would expire on the 1st of January , 1804 , and as he thought it necessary to wait for information , from gentlemen of that country , respecting the state of that species of circulating credit , he should , on Monday , move for leave to bring in a bill to suspend , for a limited time , that prohibitory act , in order 63 to give Parliament an opportunity to receive the desired information . moved the order of the day , that the house do now resolve itself into a committee , to consider of the most effectual and expedient mode of affording a temporary relief to curates , who might be deprived of their cures , by the operation of the clergy residence act , passed last session . expressed his opinion , that this was a business which deserved the most serious attention of the house . Nobody , said the honourable baronet , can feel more than I do , the inconveniencies to which that valuable body of men , the stipendiary curates , may for a time be subjected , if no relief can be granted them by the legislature . But whilst I look on this side , of the question , and admit the expediency of affording relief to these men , who must otherwise labour under considerable difficulties , I ought not to neglect to glance a little at the other side , and observe the circumstances that form more than a counter-balance to the necessities of the curates , and that is the necessities of the country . In the present situation of the country , so burthened with taxes , to support the arduous contest in which we are engaged , nothing can excuse a compliance with an application of this sort , but the most absolute necessity . In the present instance , I am by no means satisfied , that such a necessity does exist . The clergy , who before kept curates , but who are now compelled to reside on their livings , may very well spare a maintenance for those who were in the habit of performing the duty of their functions , until another provision shall occur . The clergy are certainly able to afford this expense , as it is notorious , that the value of their livings have of late received a very ample increase . These few observations , I have thought it my duty to throw out at present ; at the same time pledging myself , that whenever any subject of expenditure , that is not indispensably necessary , does come before the house in the present circumstances of the country , I shall