right of one volunteer corps it w is equally that of another . answered , that the principle upon which that corps was constituted , differed most materially from every other in the service . They were a much older corps than any other , and the principle of electing and recommending their own officers , was a compact agreed to by his Majesty , upon their formation . They had beside another privilege peculiar to them , that their appointments came , not through the lord lieutenant of the county , but direct from the Secretary of State . So long as his Majesty should think it expedient to continue the services of this corps , his Majesty would , no doubt , maintain towards them the terms of their original constitution ; but certainly no such principle was implied or understood by government in respect to the volunteer corps in general , as now formed . replied , that though , according to the argument of the right hon . gent , the crown had the privilege of rejecting the claims of the volunteers to chute their own officers , he hoped its ministers would have the wisdom to advise the crown not to exert it . Me was sorry to see the right hon . secretary treat the matter so lightly . He conjured ministers seriously and cautiously to pause. , before they ventured to 456 precipitate a measure which , at such a crisis is the present , might be productive of the most mischievous consequences . rose , and expressed some surprises , that the Right Hon . Secretary of State , in speaking of the constitution and privilege of the . London and Westminster Light Horse , on account of their long services , had made no mention of another respectable corps , which he conceived no less-entitled to consideration for its early , long , arid active services , alluding , we presume , to the Bloomsbury and inns of Court corps , of which the hon . and learned gent , is a member . He could not avoid expressing , in coincidence with a right hon . gent , on the other side of the House ( Mr. Windham ) , his surprise and astonishment , not at what the right hon . secretary had this night expressed , but at his omission to have expressed much more upon a topic of such vital importance to the country . Upon a subject , in which the whole nation was so deeply interested , the mind of the metropolis , and of the country at large , had been bent with anxious expectation to the measure proposed to have been this night explained by the right hon . gent . ; a measure which was expected , as it was proposed , to remedy all the defects , and amend all the errors , which had crept into the volunteer system , and excited so much disputation and animosity throughout the country . But what did this great measure amount to , now that it was explained ? Merely to a change in the number of days of public exercise necessary to exemption , to a declaration that the corps have no longer a right to elect their own officer , and to a recognition of the right of resignation . He could not but I agree with the hon . member opposite to him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , that such an alteration in the volunteer system certainly amounted I to a breach of faith , and that such a charge in the number of days necessary to the volunteer 's exemption was a most material departure from the original condition of service ; nevertheless , he was ready to acknowledge it was an alteration necessary to the exigencies of our situation . He did hope , that his Majesty 's ministers would have taken a lesson from then precable consequences which had already flowed from I the errors and imperfections of the volunteer system , as formed by them , and would have reported to the wisdom of that House