of Radnor . There was also another from Worcester , precisely of a similar nature , presented the 30th of October , 1796 . It further appeared , that there were two cases of the same kind which had occurred during the present Parliament . The first was the petition of freeholders of the county of Caermarthen , on the 1st of September , 1802 ; and the second related to the freeholders of Stirling . It should not be forgotten , that fn the Committee to which they had been referred , a question was started , similar to the one started that evening by the hon . gent . ; yet , notwithstanding the discussions arising from the question , the Committees proceeded , and the petitions were not only taken into consideration , but that from the freeholders of Stirling was renewed . The Chancellor of the Exchequer concluded with observing , that he could cite many other cases in 1790 , and 1796 , of a nature precisely the same as those which had been read , but he felt ii his duty not to trouble the House with any precedents in addition , which he 399 trusted would prove satisfactory and decisive . took an historical review of the custom of Parliament which preceded , and the motives which urged to , the introduction of the Act of the 10th of his present Majesty , commonly called the Grenville Act . The grounds of that act be described to be a strong jealousy of the discretion which the House had previously exercised in deciding upon election returns , and petitions relating thereto . The surrender of that discretion to Committees to be appointed by the House , precluded , in his apprehension , such a decision upon the ease then under discussion as the motion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) called for . According to the form of proceeding which prevailed previous to the enactment of the law he referred to , he believed it would be found that the general , he would not say the invariable , rule was to receive petitions from those only who claimed the right of voting at the elections to which their petitions related , and who had an interest in the decision of the same . The cause of the change produced by the Act of the 10th arose from the strong persuasion which existed in the mind of the author of that act , that it was necessary , for the best purposes , to limit the authority of the House upon Election cases . The course prescribed by that act had gone on without any alteration until the period when the Act of the 28th of the King , upon a clause on which the motion professed to be grounded , was brought before the House , in consequence of its appearing that , notwithstanding the many advantages which resulted from the act of the 10th , to which the respectable mover of the bill of the 28th bore ample testimony , yet that in the instance of persons presenting petitions , it was safe and prudent to resort to the old established custom that prevailed antecedent to the former act , and to restore to the House some part of the discretion of which it had deprived itself by that act . From that consideration arose the clause now under debate , and , KS it struck his mind , the petition to which the motion alluded to , was not , in the point of formality so much insisted upon , inconsistent with the custom to which , after an experience of 16 years , the House , by the act of the 28th , had thought proper to recur.—This observation he put as to the equity of the case , and , with respect to the actual mandatory words of the clause , as they were described , by the hon . mover , he put against this construction of that clause , the practice of the 400 House since the clause was enacted . From that