he viewed it in the opposite light . By all loyal arid well-disposed individuals , it would be considered as a measure not of oppression , but of protection : not of vigour , but of wise precaution , on the part of the government . It would dispel their apprehensions , and give them new energy in their opposition to the designs of the disaffected . It would enable them to check rebellion at its first opening , and leave to them the privilege of appending for the redress of injuries to the ordinary tribunals of their country . The proclamation of martial law , by the exercise of the prerogative was , what every friend to the constitution would be anxious to avoid . It was to avoid the necessity of such a measure , that the bill was originally introduced , and W3s now proposed to be continued . Without such a bill traitors might escape unpunished , and loyal citizens might be deprived of their constitutional privileges , and dragged before military tribunals . On these grounds the bill had his hearty support , and he hoped it would also obtain the support of the house . It was 83 a bill which , from his knowledge of the present state of Ireland , he had no difficulty in pronouncing essential to the continuance of tranquillity . begged the indulgence of the house , while he made a few observations . His hon . friend under the gallery , ( Mr. Burrows ) had urged two objections to the re-enactment of the bill , at least , without more mature consideration . The first objection was , that no facts were produced to justify the necessity of the measure . The second objection was drawn from the thinness of the members particularly connected with Ireland , and best fitted to give information to the house on the subject . With regard to the first objection , it was unnecessary for him to take up the time or attention of the house . His right hon . friend had fully removed this objection , and he heartily agreed with his right hon . friend , that if the measure were not renewed , the same system of terror , which had been alluded to , would immediately be renewed in ail its horrors . With regard to the thinness of the attendance of members connected with Ireland , he should make one or two remarks . Having been very recently in Ireland , and having had occasion to ascertain what were the sentiments of at least three-fourths of the Irish members resident in that country , as to the expediency and necessity of the measure , he requested the house , on his veracity , to be assured , that they were to a man convinced , that the re-enactment of the bill was indispensably necessary to the preservation of tranquillity , and to the protection of all loyal subjects . They were so thoroughly convinced of its necessity , that they expected the re-enactment of the bill would be one of the earliest acts of the session . If they had not indulged such an expectation , they would , at this moment , have been in their places to solicit its re-enactment . This sentiment , of the necessity of the measure , he might add , was not confined to members , but was entertained by every loyal man in every part of the country . He , himself , had been the only Irish member , who had expressed doubts respecting the loyalty of the lower orders , in opposition to the opinion of a number of other most respectable individuals . He rejoiced to find , that the opinion he entertained of the disloyalty of the lower orders was erroneous , and that the spirit of disaffection was much less general than he had dreaded . At this moment all good men of every party were animated with feelings of loyalty , and convinced of the necessity of defending the country against the common enemy . Every man who possessed only 201