the causes that made it desirable ; nor suffering it , whenever the time should come , to die a natural death , but giving to it a kind of forced existence , by means of motives which must equally operate * whether a force of that description was desirable or not.—This was the purpose ; and therefore , in estimating the merits , of this measure , they were to consider , not merely what its present effects would be , but what its operation at more distant periods . And in this view they must not overlook one 981 great head of danger , on which he had rarely dwelt , but to which he must not , on that account , be considered as insensible ; namely , that which must arise from the existence of great bodies of armed men not subject to military law . Upon this point possibly , though upon this only , his opinions might vary , in some small degree , from those of an hon . gent , ( his hon . friend as , he , was sure , he would allow him to call him , and as he well might call him on subjects on which they so generally agreed , having commonly found it so difficult to forbear calling him so on subjects on which they completely differed ) , who , from the general turn and cast of his mind , might be less alive to eventual dangers of the sort which he was alluding to . He would so far agree with his hon . friend , as to admit that there was no danger of that sort at present . He was as much persuaded as any man , that whatever disaffection there was in the country ( and they must never flatter themselves that it would be wholly extinct ) , was , for the present , confined within very narrow limits , and in a great measure absorbed arid lost in the general care of providing against a danger which would make no distinction of friend or foe , but involve all in one common ruin . Of this disaffection , a less portion would necessarily be found among the volunteers , than among any other equal collection of people . Where there was so much zeal and loyalty , and patriotism , there could be little room for feelings of an opposite sort . But they must not suppose that this would be always so ; there was in this institution , `` nature , that in time would venom breed , '' though there might be `` no teeth for the present . '' Evidences of this were perhaps already to be discerned . The volunteers , even in their present infant state , just new from the egg , had already shewn their strength , in obtaining a complete mastery over his Majesty 's ministers . It was not the infant Hercules that was strangling the full-grown serpent , but the infant serpent that was subduing the full-grown strength of this Herculean ministry . His Majesty 's ministers did not venture to stir a step upon this subject , without a previous consent obtained from the volunteers.—He could not but strongly-reprobate the outcry which had been raised , and principally by the gent , of the Treasury bench , against all those who had freely delivered their opinions in condem- 982 nation of the volunteer system . Such an outcry , he had no hesitation in saying , was disgraceful to any man who contributed to raise it , and would be equally disgraceful to any man who suffered his conduct to be influenced by it ; but it was evidently one of the characteristics of the present administration , that they had too much a view to that popular favour , which , unless under certain modifications and restrictions , should not operate upon the proceedings of government . They fancied , perhaps , that if they could succeed in exciting popular clamour against a member , they should restrain him from declaring opinions hostile to their