the whipping and spurring which had been applied , had come to what , in the language of sportsmen , was called a dead stand-still , at the distance of 14,000 men from its projected amount . There it was for the present , incapable of moving a step further . And though he would not pretend to say , that by the aid of a little nursing , with the help pf a feed of corn , it might not again creep forward , yet he would venture to predict , shat it would never reach the place of its destination , would never produce the number for which it was calculated.—-Even in this view alone , speaking of the system as a , permanent 984 establishment , he could have no difficulty in saying , that the prejudice it would occasion , with respect merely to defence , was beyond comparison greater , than any advantages to be derived from it in the improved state of discipline and expert , ness in the volunteer corps . The great question , however , still remained ; that which seemed in gentlemen 's minds to put a stop to every other , viz . could the volunteer system , false and faulty as it might have been originally , be then abolished ? Would not the suppression of exemptions instantly disband the corps ? And could the country , in its present circumstances , afford to divest itself at once of such a vast portion of its force ? Finally , could the suppression of exemptions be effected consistently with a perfect observance of good faith ? He had little difficulty in saying that it could ; provided always that no abridgment was made of the exemptions , which were granted for service already performed , or which was in a course of performing : and unquestionably no doubt could arise with respect to all who might enter into volunteer corps from that time forward . It was curious , indeed , to hear those talk with so much solicitude about preserving faith with the volunteers , who were at the moment taking such liberties with that faith , or rather committing so great a breach of it , in the very provisions which they were then proposing ; there being nothing so clear , as that upon any . Principles of strict engagement , they had no right whatever to make those changes in the condition of volunteer service which was then proposed . If , then , good faith did not seem to stand in the way of the suppression pf exemptions at a proper time , with respect to those even who were already enrolled ; as unquestionably it did not with respect to those who might enter in future ; there were , on the . other hand , the strongest reasons for wishing to get rid of exemptions , not merely as injurious to the public interests , but as inconsistent with a principle not less to be regarded than good faith itself ; namely , justice . Nothing could he more flagrantly unjust , nor more cruelly oppressive , than the power now possessed by individuals , or by self-created bodies of individuals , of imposing or withholding at their pleasure , a fine , such as that which attached to the ballot of the army of reserve and of the militia . Let any one consider what that fine was , what its amount in itself , and what the effect 985 likely to be produced by it , in nine out of ten of the persons on whom it may fall , and then say , whether this was a power fit to be left to individuals or to committees , acting with respect to those whom they may protect from , or expose to this fine , with little other rule than their own mere discretion and option . The obligation upon the House to guard against the existence of such a power was greatly en-creased by considering the classes of persons , upon whom it would be found principally to