those whom the House has heard this night , not from such as the gallant admiral who preceded the hon . gent to whom am now alluding , and who has attracted my notice by statements which t am inclined to think he has collected from persons such as I have described , from those whose accounts of the condition of the navy naturally receive a colouring from their own situation . Tints the hon . gent , would persuade us to found our verdict , on an occasion so important as that now before us , upon evidence drawn from such sources , upon second-hand assertions , in a word upon mere hearsay . The hon . gent , is no doubt a conscientious man , he certainly so considers and describes himself , and we can not give him any credit at all if we do not believe him to be so , and I would appeal to his conscientiousness whether he does think that any court of justice , and this House is now called upon to act in that capacity , would pronounce sentence in any case upon evidence of the nature of that upon which he seems to rely ? I say that there is no court that would attend to , much less believe such assertions . If the hon . gent , has any charge to urge against the noble lord against whom the motion before the House appears to be pointed , I say , let the evidence be brought forward ; but do n't let accusations be insinuated or sent abroad , unsupported by any witnesses whatever , unjustified by any fact , and excused only by a loose Statement , that such and such officers , whom no one ventures to name , are much in the habit of speaking ill of the conduct of the Admiralty , and of the character of its prin- 900 cipal director . The hon . gent. , however , has told us , that he entertains a very sincere respect for this noble lord ; and , really , here I must remark , that I never heard of any public character for whom men are more forward to profess respect , nor one that is so much respected , and yet so much aspersed . The grounds of the respect are , however , notorious , while those of the aspersion are not pretended to rest upon more than hearsay evidence , which is surely not sufficient to induce this House to acquiesce in a motion that has no other object in view , than to convey an imputation upon one . of the most gallant and meritorious characters this country has ever produced . For such a purpose I will never give my vote . I will not consent to the grant of a single slip of paper , however plausible the pretence for demanding it , that may lead to an inquiry for which there exists no necessity whatever ; to enter into which would imply a suspicion for which there is not the shadow of excuse , and import an accusation for which there is not the slightest ground . I would ask the right hon . mover of this proposition , what are the reasons , for he certainly has not stated any , which have provoked him to alter his sentiments with respect to the noble lord who was the subject of such warm panegyric , upon the first accession of the present ministers to office ; and who , I would be curious to know , does the right hon . gent , think more adequate to the high station he fills ; whom would he recommend to succeed him ? If the right hon . gent , did pronounce the splendid panegyric to which I have alluded upon this noble lord , upon light grounds , he was certainly very censurable , for he was , as it were , giving a false character , and that of a I great public servant ; but it was well known that those grounds were not light