and military , maintained , that would support any comparison with that voted and sanctioned by this House , subsequent to the ratification of the defini- 184 tive treaty . Exclusive of that which tock place in the cavalry , in which I admit it was considerable , the diminution in the rest of our force , the infantry , I mean. , was very trifling indeed ; not more than 7000 men out of the whole of our regular army The rest of those disbanded were troops whose services were limited , partly consisting of second battalions , who volunteered from the militia , whose time were within a year of expiration , and whose services , for that short time , government , for very cogent and prudential reasons , deemed it adviseable to dispense with . With regard to the numerical enumeration of our force , I can meet the right hon . gent. , not only with pleasure but with absolute confidence on that head . I will stale , for the information of that right hon . gent. , and for the satisfaction of this House , that our regular force has been nearly doubled since last session of Parliament . Instead of 60,000 we have now an effective regular force of 120,000 men . In this number I certainly mean to include the army of reserve , which has been incorporated with the regular army , and which , for every military purpose , is as effective as any regulars , although perhaps , according to a phrase of the right hon . gentleman 's , `` they have not yet got the grass out of them . '' In answer to the right hon . gent 's objections to the battalions of reserve , I will allow , that although they may not be as good as the others , still I will maintain , that such is the general practice in all , or most , of the great military services of Europe . There is scarcely one of them in which the practice does not prevail of establishing reserved battalions , or battalions of depot . Such a part of a military system is not unattended with great utility ; it is equal to many and very important services , for undertaking garrison duty for instance , and by that means relieving the troops of the line , and adding to the disposable force of the country As to the militia , I assert that they are as good as ever . Their number amounts to above 70 000 in England , and to 14,000 in Scotland . They have been inspected and seen under arms by a number of general officers , and they have extorted the applause and approbation of every person of military eminence who has seen them . The volunteers , as I before stated , amount to upwards of 379,000 , among which there are 340,000 infantry , with a proportion , and certainly no inconsiderable one , of 17,000 officers . The rest of the volunteer force is made up of cavalry and artillery ; and it is this numerous body of men , disciplined almost as well as any equal body of men could be in the time that 185 the right hon . gent . is pleased to consider as not an effective force . Although , Sir , they may not at the outset be capable of meeting a regular army in line of battle , a circumstance , by the bye , not much to be apprehended , or expected in a country like this , yet there are many possible contingencies in which they may be eminently useful . By acting on the flanks and rear of the enemy ; by making demonstrations ; by contributing , with their numbers , to increase to the eye of the enemy , the magnitude of our regular force ; on these and similar occasions , they will not prove , as the right hon . gent . has said , an ineffective force , but a formidable and highly efficient one :