, I have no doubt , prove themselves of the greatest service , if ever the enemy should make an attempt at invading this country with their boasted flotilla.—The right hon . gent , concluded with moving the address . The address having been read from the Chair , rose and said—I do not rise , Sir , to trouble the House with any discussion at present ; the subject is indeed well deserving the attention of the House ; but the more proper period for discussing it will be when the different topics enlarged upon by the right hon . gent , to-night shall be brought forward in the shape of bills , . when I shall take an opportunity of delivering my sentiments more at large . To this address I concur in common with the . House , and all those who recollect with pleasure the cordiality and zeal of the militia of this country , who set to those of Ireland an example which has excited their emulation , and which they now , so much to their honour , imitate : this is a subject on which there can be no difference of opinion , but in which we must all feel equal delight , I do not think this an oc- 1081 casion on which it is necessary to enter at all into any discussion of the very interesting and important topics with which the right hon . gent , prefaced his motion for this address . I beg leave to say , that having expressed myself , in the course of the subject now under our discussion , dissatisfied , in many respects , as to the state of the military defence , and not being able to relieve my mind upon the whole of that subject , I must repeat that I retain the same sentiments still . I will , however , freely own , that I am , in many respects , satisfied with what I have heard to-night ; I must , however , declare also , that whenever I have ventured to trouble the House upon this subject , I never differed from the right hon . gent , in one proposition which his speech to-night proved , namely , that as far as numbers go , there is no subject of blame to be attached any where ; it has never been contested by me , that the numbers raised in the course of the present war are not abundantly sufficient to meet any view which any reasonable person can entertain of the necessity for our defence . How far , in the raising such numbers , merit is to be allowed to his Majesty 's government—how much they have done to procure the proper means to improve such numbers , and render them efficient by discipline—how much encouragement has been held out to some descriptions of persons composing a part of those numbers—how far ministers have proceeded to give to the country the benefit it might have had in proportion to such numbers raised by active exertions and prudent policy , are questions which are not necessarily to be mixed in this debate . I shall not introduce any topics of that nature at present ; whatever share govt . may have had in producing these numbers of men for the general defence of the country , the arduous , the zeal , and the energy of the country , is manifested more than even the numbers can convey ; and this affords to us the best pledge for our security in the hour of attack , and consciousness of invincible strength in the hour of danger ; a security , indeed , against any danger by which this country may be threatened , and an assurance of triumph very any difficulty with which we may have to contend . But there is another point which can not be cured by zeal , and that is , whether the energy of the persons thus raised has been well directed ? Whether they have been brought forward and 1082 improved in discipline , so as to render