who now could neither under the old or new law receive the bounties or subsistence to their families that they expected . The money for this purpose was to have issued in a way that was peculiar to Ireland , by officers who had the superintend nice of that business , and it was to be replaced by determination of the grand juries , who were to make proper presentments for that purpose at the assizes . He mentioned this matter now , because unless some course be followed , different from what the law at present provides , the grand juries will not have such power as they were used to have to make the presentments , nor was there any time to be . lost upon this occasion , the time was short between this and the spring assizes in Ireland , which he believed would commence about the 16th or the 18th of March : therefore he hoped , that whatever measure was taken , it would be considerably before that time . He hoped that this , which he should call a mistake , would be rectified . observed , that this was a subject on which there was a great difference of opinion in the Parliament of Ireland when it was discussed , He hardly remembered a question that was more agitated than this had been : but with regard to any amendments in the Act , or any tiling that might be done by way of alteration in that respect , he thought it was natural to postpone it until the Irish members were able to attend the House . Such he had thought , and did still think , the proper course in such a case as this . Whatever there was in his matter that required consideration , he was sure that his Majesty 's ministers would concur with tie right hon . gent . who had now mentioned IT , ill giving it the most effectual attention ; bit in the absence of most of the members for Ireland , who were attending their military duly , he should not think it respectful to them to discuss it . thought the right hon . gent . had misconceived his meaning . He did net desire to enter on the merits of the case , or propose a discussion of it in the House , either one way or the other ; what he wished was , only that ministers would remedy an apparent breach of faith , said , that as he observed the Secretary at War in his place , he rose for the purpose of putting a question to him , on , a subject which was highly interesting to a numerous and respectable body of men , and upon the answer which the Right Hon . Secretary made to ; him would depend , whether or not he 505 should give notice of bringing forward a motion before the House , The subject to which he referred was this : —He understood that early in the month of January last , a communication was made to the commanders of several militia regiments by a person calling himself collector , requiring lasts to be transmitted to him of all the officers in the several regiments , liable to pay the tax upon property for the amount of duty upon their pay . These lists were accordingly sent in , and , in consequence , certain sums were directed by the said collector to be stopped from the pay of the officers , being six months pay due upon the tax , from the 6th of April to the 10th of October , 1803 . Mow it must be obvious to the House , that such a demand could not be legally made , because one-third , at least , of these officers were not appointed till the time of the supplementary militia being called out , in July , 1803 , and their commissions , upon which this tax was demanded , only existed about the end of June , or in the month of July last . There