that the argument drawn from the exertions of the royalists in La Vendee , are at all applicable . Nor does it appear to me , that the argument drawn from the history of the American war , is at all more conclusive . It is true , that at the commencement of that war , the Americans did employ an irregular force , but it was not by such a force that their final triumph was effected . They had time , from the circumstances in which they were placed , to accustom these troops , at first raw and inexperienced , to all the varieties of discipline , and they received from our troops , the lessons which afterwards were made the foundation of victory . Besides , Sir , when the situation of America is considered , it is impossible to draw any parallel applicable to the present situation of this country . The theatre of war in America , was over an immense tract of territory , widely extended , thinly peopled , possessing no central point , no place particularly established as the seat 629 of government or power , having no vital , and few vulnerable parts . A province might be abandoned in consequence of one successful battle , but no object of importance was obtained . The enemy had only to retire to a distance , and unmolested to complete their preparations for a renewal of the attack . No victory could ever place under the hands of the conqueror , one-tenth , or even one-hundredth part of the country . If the Americans were routed , they had only to withdraw to some of the deserts with which the country abounded , and there wait six weeks or two months till they had an opportunity of renewing the contest with new prospects of advantage . Very different , however , would be the situation of this country if a landing of the enemy were effected . There are points were a landing might be effected within 60 miles of the metropolis . Every dictate of policy requires that , in such a case , we should be prepared to attack the enemy without a moment 's delay , to harass not only by irregular troops , but to meet him in front , to hang on his flanks , to suffer him not to advance even a mile into the country , without encountering all that gallantry , combined with skill , can oppose to his progress . It does appear to me , therefore , that corps of volunteers in the maritime counties are best adapted for this service . It does appear to me , that in the remote counties the number of volunteers is net at all too extended . I trust , that if ever the enemy should land , the regular army will , assisted by the volunteers , be able to combat him with success , as soon as he has set a foot on our shores . But we ought to prepare even for the worst consequences . We ought to have a force ready to repair the loss sustained in the first conflicts with the enemy . An armed peasantry , I do not deny , might be rendered highly useful for some purposes ; but it might be necessary to have a disposable , active , moveable force , and independent of the volunteer system this could not be obtained . An armed peasantry within their own districts might be highly valuable . They would be , however , beyond that circle , useless as a disposable force . Their local knowledge might be converted to the utmost useful purposes , and their native courage might be so regulated as to give the most galling annoyance to the enemy . But it is necessary to oppose to such an enemy as we should have to encounter , as much regular discipline as possible.—In considering the army which Buonaparté will probably bring over with him , J certainly can not flatter myself , that let any part of the invading army be composed