instead of being collected by a plan of general and indiscriminate recruiting ; and the deficiency may be sup phed by fresh ballot . I do not know whether I have not branched out further than was necessary to express my perfect acquiescence in the present address , reserving , as I do , the perfect and entire freedom 1085 to speak on the different measures when I they come before the House ; I have not stated these sentiments or opinions in opposition to the motion now before the House , but I thought it necessary to throw out these ideas , lest it should be supposed , by my silence , that I had altered my opinion in-some respects , in eon-sequence of my seeming to acquiesce in all that has been stated by the right hon . gent . On the contrary , from what I have faced now , I trust it appears to the House , that nothing which I have taken the liberty , on many former occasions , to recommend in our military system , has been in the least degree altered by any proposition which I have heard to-night . —Sir ; as there will be a considerable interval between the present period , and the final discussion of the subject now before the House , I shall not be under the necessity of detaining the Mouse so long as I otherwise should , perhaps , feel it my ditty to do ; but it is necessary for me to observe , that although the right hon . gent , has gone into the whole measure at once , on a general statement of the matter which he is hereafter to propose , which may therefore be hereafter discussed ; yet those who feel like myself , must be anxious not to appear to assent to all he states , and therefore I shall say 41 few words on the subject of the message from his Majesty , and the address proposed by the right hon . gent . There can not be the least hesitation to assent to the first , and , indeed , what may be called the formal part of the address to his Majesty , which returns thanks to his Majesty for his gracious communication ; as little objection can there be made to the acknowledgment of the zeal of the militia of Ireland , or of the people of that country in the common cause ; but it remains for me and for those who think with me to say , that we are not prepared to adopt measures to carry into execution any particular plan , until we have had an opportunity of considering what that plan is . The first and leading objection I have to accepting the present offer of the Irish militia is , an objection to the principle of the thing , that is , because by it . a body of men assembled for efficient military purposes , are to go beyond the terms of their original service . I do not say that no condition of things can do away this objection , because there may be a condition things which will do away all objections 1086 of whatever kind ; but I say , that condition of things does not exist at this moment : and an objection it always will remain , let the condition of things be what it may ; and the only question is , whether such a condition exists as to overrule that objection . I am of opinion , that in the present case , that condition has no such force at the present moment . I felt this objection strongly at the time the English militia made their offer to go to Ireland ; and however useful , and perhaps decisive , that measure was upon the occasion to which it was applied , certainly that measure was not carried into effect without producing the inconveniences which I have alluded to , and which I took the liberty of stating at that time . I am confirmed , instead of being