of them , in his judgment , injudiciously managed by the right hon . gent . We were in a state of difficulty and danger which required great fortitude and judgment , in which the members of that House should discuss important questions gravely and sedately . But what would the public think of them , what comments would they make upon the debates of that House , if they were to hear such topics as were brought forward by the right hon . gent . in answer to his right hon . friend ? The right hon . gent , seemed to think that he had some ground of reflection upon his right , hon . friend , by saying he ought to be content with being a leader in the volunteer system of our defence by land , and that he should not intermeddle with our naval defence ; what was this but admitting , although the right hon . gent , did not intend it , that his right hon . friend 's mind , which could not be confined to one species of defence for his country , or with one sort of force or means for its security , but that he was capable of assisting his country by his wisdom in council , his energy of thought , and his activity in execution ; first to raise and qualify the mighty mass of volunteers for the essential protection of their country in the hour of peril , should that event arise ; but after accomplishing a system for that purpose , then to endeavour to render the exertions of such a force unnecessary , by maturing the still more immediate and most natural system of defence of this country , and which went still more with the hearts of the people of it , —its naval force.—It did . therefore seem to him that the very statement of the motion of his right hon . friend was of itself a sufficient illustration of its importance and of its propriety . He should have wished , as he had hoped , it had been discussed nakedly , and simply , and plainly , and put to the good sense of the House , instead of being mixed with matter which appeared to him to be foreign to it . Fie did not distinctly understand the ground on which the right hon . gent , had put his opposition to this motion . He could have understood him if he had put it upon the absolute impropriety of asking any questions upon this subject at the present moment , of the . propriety of abstaining from all inquiry , and of confiding in the first lord of the Admiralty , whose merits , Mr. Wilberforce said , he was perfectly ready to acknowledge ; yet he was of opinion , that the services of that distinguished person , however great , were not to be urged as rea 895 sons against entering upon the inquiry to which these motions led . However , the right hon . gent. , besides stating as an objection that which was no objection at ail , had also stated something that had the appearance of objection , by saving there was an imprudence in these motions , because disadvantages would arise from the inquiry to which they led . Now , if that right hon . gent , could prove that sufficient exertions had been made , no inquiry would be necessary , and the right hon . gent , himself had admitted , that if the motion was granted , there would then be strong reason for going into an inquiry . Now , there were two things to be considered upon the present occasion : first , as to the danger of inquiry which the right hon . gent , had hinted at , by which he presumed was meant , the danger of publicity in such a case as this . To this he asked , in his turn , whether the House had not means of avoiding that publicity which was supposed to be so dangerous