or rate of exchange , was attributable to two causes , the diminished value of paper , and the increased value of coin . If gold is coined , as it certainly might be , from bullion , then must they come here to find the market price of bullion . This he believed to be above the standard coin of the country . To this price , such as it might be , must be added the expense of coining and carriage . entered his protest against the suggestion of the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Johnson ) , that the duration of the measure should be limited to a shorter period than was proposed . He knew not where the hon . gent , had learned that bullion could be conveyed to Ireland at so small an expense . He remembered a transaction some time since , when considerable difficulty was felt on an occasion of procuring part of a loan from this country , before a contract for the conveyance of the bullion could be effected . Three per cent , had , in some instances , been refused by several monied persons , though the contract had been afterwards concluded at two per cent . Being on his legs , he congratulated the House on the temper and moderation with which the discussion had been continued , and he trusted that the matter would not rest there , but that a Select Committee would be appointed to investigate it thoroughly . When that should be undertaken , he hoped that the investigation would be general , and comprehend the silver coinage ; for he concurred with his right hon . friend , that there was not a single genuine mint shilling in Ireland . He thought that the act of last session for prohibiting the issue of silver , or small notes , had been judiciously suspended , because the responsibility of bankers was a better security to the public , than the base coin in circulation . agreed that the silver currency was wretched . Considerable inconvenience had been felt from the circum- 487 stance that paper was not considered a legal tender , and the courts even had not ventured to decide the question . The landlords in ( he north of Ireland insisted on gold , while those in the interior , in the southern and western province , were satisfied with bank notes . If the landlords of England were , pending the restriction on the bank , to insist on gold iii payment of their rents , he contended that the same inconveniencies would be felt in this country , and to the same extent , as are now felt in Ireland . Another circumstance which contributed greatly to the increase of the circulation of paper was , that the bank of Ireland discounted at one per cent , under the legal interest , whilst the private banks , by discounting at the legal interest , had thereby an advantage of 1 per cent . The consequence was , that they kept discounting offices in parts of the country , even the least commercial , and deluged the . kingdom with their notes.—The question was then put , that the Speaker do leave the chair , and the House having gone into the Committee , the blanks were filled up , and . the report ordered to be received to morrow . moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a committee to consider of the acts relative to the Greenland Fishery . The House having resolved itsef into a committee , Mr. Vansittart said , that a bounty was always granted to the Owners of ships employed in the Greenland Fishery in time of peace , upon condition of their having a certain number of British seamen on board ; this was done with a view to encourage the nursery of British seamen ; but in time of war the case was very different , and as it was now expedient that as many men should be got for the royal navy as