not now take up the time of the House by entering much at large into the objections to their measures , which I have frequently urged on former occasions : but as I know not when I may have another opportunity of saying any thing upon this most important subject , I can not help again adverting to those which are of the greatest magnitude . The principal defect in the whole volunteer system is the manner in which it is composed ; that is to say , that according to the confession of his Majesty 's ministers , you have not above one-fourth of the first class of men , as described in the defence act . It is notorious , that a great many of the volunteers are men who , from age or bodily infirmities , are unable to perform the duties of a soldier in the field ; and a much greater number still consists of men whose circumstances are such as would render it ruinous to them and to the country that they should be long absent from home . If a volunteer corps , composed as most of them are , was called out to a distance from home , all the business of the country to which it belongs must stand still : for every farm , manufactory , or shop , in short , almost every establishment would be deprived of its head and director ; and , exclusive of the injury done to the individuals , the country and community at large would be thereby thrown into a state of the greatest confusion . The military operations , too , would be equally embarrassed , by having your force , so composed ; for although these men would come out with great spirit , and a determination to fight with courage , yet they would also come with an impatience to have the thing immediately brought to an issue . If you give way to this impatience , you engage , perhaps , very prematurely in a decisive operation ; and if you do not , you may see half your volunteers returning home before any thing is decided . I do not 967 positively assert that this would be the case ; it is impossible to guess how far the spirit of the people may carry them : but I say , that expecting men , such as a great part of our volunteer corps are composed of , to remain long as private soldiers in the field , is expecting much more than we know any example of ever having been done in any other country ; and I think it would have been much wiser to have composed ibid force of men more fit for die duties you may have occasion to require of them.—the distribution is also extremely injudicious . It occurred , I suppose , as an easy way of settling the numbers to say we will have six times the militia ; the consequence of which is , that the country the most remote from danger has as great a number of men armed , as the one most exposed.—Then , Sir , as to the exemptions , although so much has been said about them , I can not take leave of the subject without making some remarks upon what has been urged by gentlemen on the other side , in answer to our objections . It is contended , I confess to my great surprize , that the exemptions do not interfere , with the ballots or recruiting of the army or militia . They say that very few of the balloted men serve in person ; ( an hon . general has stated a regiment of the reserve in which there is only one principal , ) and that , therefore , the exemptions do not prevent the effect of the ballots . But I ask them , have the ballots produced men in any way , or have they not ? If they have not , then abolish them ; but if they have ( as is certainly the case )