order of the day , for the House to resolve itself into a committee on the bill for regulating the rate of interest on the bonds issued by the East India Company . On the I motion , that the Speaker do now leave the chair , rose , not to oppose the committal of the bill , but to call the attention of the House to the principal feature of it , which he considered rather extraordinary , as giving an indulgence to the East India Company , which he thought extremely partial , and one from which every individual and corporate body in this kingdom , was precluded . A few nights since , the hon . Secretary of the Treasury , in answer to a question put to him by an hon . member on his side of the House , respecting the tax on property and income , amongst other things had declared it to be the intention of government , to go through with the assessment of the tax , during the present year , in the manner prescribed by the existing bill . Now the present bill introduced by the noble lord , was calculated to affect , by a side wind , an exemption of the bonds of the India Company from the law to which every other species of public stock was liable ; and , consequently , to give those bon is a considerable advantage at market , over Exchequer Bills and every other species of stuck ; for the whole of the interest payable on Exchequer Bills , amounted to 51 . 6s . 3d . per cent , per aim . payable yearly , and he could see no reason why an exemption should be extended to India Bonds , which would give them a preference at market over Exchequer Bills , seeing that they engaged a preference by the interest thereon being paid half-yearly . At least , if such an exemption as this was given to the public funds of the India Company , with a privilege of borrow mg at such an extraordinary advance of interest , he could see no right in precluding other corporations from a similar advantage . rose , and , in answer to that part of Mr. Dent 's speech which referred to the Income Tax , said , that the declaration of his hon . friend neither had , nor ought to have , any reference to the affairs of the East-India Company ; and he trusted that the House would not consider , at the present crisis , that any regulations which his Majesty 's ministers might deem necessary in assessing the income Tax upon the property of individuals , ought to stand in the way of an important and necessary regulation , most materially interesting to the funds of a great commercial company , with the success of whose concerns die public revenues of this country were so deeply interested . He begged to call the attention of the House to the annual amount of the revenue paid to this country by the East-India Company , amounting , on an average , to £3,226,000 annually ; and he trusted the House would feel too sensibly the importance of that concern which the country must have in the welfare of a company yielding such important aid to the state , to refuse , on light or trivial grounds , its assent to such regulations in die management of their funds and capital , as should be absolutely necessary to carry on their commercial concerns , under the present circumstances of the empire , without material disadvantage : for it was the province of the East-India Company , even under all the vicissitudes and disadvantages of war , to promote the commercial prosperity of the country in the most distant quarters of the globe ; and this was not to be done unless they were enabled to keep a certain quantity of their funds afloat , and prevent them from returning back to their treasury , whereby their capital would be most materially diminished , and their means of trade