periods in the history of this country , when , in addition to a foreign invasion , it had also to encounter internal enemies , and who had penetrated into the very heart of the country . He meant the years 1715 and 1745 . Upon a retrospection 708 to the latter of these periods , he did not find the list of bankrupts to be greater that year than in the preceding or subsequent one . He acknowledged that the circumstances between those times and the present were not altogether similar ; but , however , it was owing to the same public spirit which supported public credit then , which , he had no doubt , would shew itself now , if circumstances called for it , and would not fail to produce a similar effect.—As to Ireland , that country stood upon a different footing from this in various respects ; but in this there was an agreement , that so long as it was judged proper that the restriction from payment in specie should be imposed upon the Bank of England , it would be found necessary that the same should be continued on the Bank of Ireland . said , that none of the arguments of the noble lord who had just sat down , satisfied him of the necessity of the measure now proposed for the adoption of their lordships . The restriction in question was adopted only as a temporary measure , and as a remedy adapted to the then circumstances of the country , but no argument could from thence be inferred , that this restriction was not to be removed as soon as possible . He differed from the opinion which the noble lord seemed to adopt , as if the forced circulation of paper currency would not force the circulation of specie out of the kingdom ; for , as soon as the latter got out of circulation , it would no doubt , be sent abroad , although it would , no doubt , return again , not as coin , but as bullion . The restriction on the Bank , though at first adopted as a temporary measure , yet , from its having been renewed year after year , would naturally produce the effect of inducing the Hank not to keep so much ready cash as it would otherwise do ; and this very circumstance was one cause of the scarcity of the circulating medium . His lordship contended that before this bill passed , evidence ought to be produced , that she causes which imposed the restriction upon the Bank at first , still continued . It seemed clear enough that these renewed restrictions had not attained the end originally proposed , namely , the re-taining , within the kingdom , a sufficient quantity of the circulating medium for the public service , nor would this end be answered till the Bank renewed its payments . And with respect to Ireland , if it should appear that the situation in which that country found itself , was owing if the previous restrictions which had been imposed on the Bank of England , this , his lordship said , was an additional reason in his mind for altering 709 the system which had been adopted respecting it . supported the motion . He considered the present state of the Bank , both of England and Ireland , as a solecism in the history of finance . There was no less than 20 millions of paper in circulation , for which the holders could only require payment in the same kind . He confessed when the measure of the Bank restriction was first adopted , he did not foresee that at the distance of 7 years they would be again discussing the same measure.—With regard to the situation of Ireland , its paper was in a most unfortunate state , and he was very happy to find that a committee had been moved for in another place , by a right hon . gent , of the greatest talents ( Foster ) , and who thoroughly understood the