of 630 the description of troops which have been alluded to , he certainly will not place any reliance upon his Italian and Dutch conscripts . He may amuse us with a newspaper account upon that subject ; he may flatter his new and willing slaves with promising to let them partake in the expedition but there is no doubt that he never will attempt the invasion of this country with any but a well disciplined army . I hope and trust that very soon after their arrival , we should have a force collected , capable of driving them back into the sea ; but even if we should not , we should at least be able so to balance the contest as to enable us to bring our regulars and volunteers from the interior . But I really do not think that a levy en masse , or as it is called , an armed peasantry , would be sufficient to stop the enemy , or could be brought to act with any prospect of success against hirm—With regard to what has been said respecting the conduct of the Beard of Admiralty , I do not mean , now to enter into any discussion upon the subject . The apprehensions which I stated on a former night , were founded , in part , upon what I have seen , and partly upon public rumour . The apprehensions I entertain are , that the preparations which have been made , have not been sufficiently vigorous , compared with the nature of the enter prize of the enemy , and the novelty of the contest in which we are engaged . I shall , however , pursue my inquiries upon this subject , and if I find my apprehensions well-founded , I shall certainly submit them to the consideration of the House . It will be matter of great satisfaction to my mind , if the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty can satisfactorily account for his conduct , because no man entertains a higher opinion of the transcendent merit of that noble lord than I do : but , nevertheless , I shall conceive it to be my duty , if , upon inquiry , I find my apprehensions are founded , to bring forward , and that at no very remote period , the subject under the.consideration of Parliament . in explanation , said , that the right hon . gent , had mistaken his argument . He did not say that we should rely upon an armed peasantry alone , but an armed peasantry , acting in aid of a regular army . said , that the principles and opinions which he formerly professed upon this subject , he still retained . They were confirmed by experience , as far as experience had gone , and had now , in every point , the sanction of the very high authority ( Col. Craufurd 's ) which the House had just heard . He was anxious to recall this fact 631 to the attention of the House , because it might serve to counteract the effect of the speech of Ids right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose great powers of statements were very likely to have turned the House to a different view of the subject . Notwithstanding these powers , he must still think that his hon . friend was wrong , and that he was right . It was not true , what had been said by many , that he disparaged the volunteers , lie did not disparage the volunteers , nor object to them individually , in any respect : what he condemned was the system on which they were formed , and the uses to which it was meant they should be applied yet , with these objections full in his mind , he knew that such was the pressure of the immediate danger , and such the general deficiency of our military system , that no great part of it , however objectionable , could be . given up at once , or ought so