agree with the hon . officer as to the effect which their appearance would have upon the enemy . He had said also , that we would have no reserve if any of the volunteers were defeated . He did not assent to that , for if 10,000 of them fell in the field of battle , another 10,000 would instantly fill up their place , or fill the place of his Majesty 's regular troops , if the enemy should unfortunately defeat them . Neither would the enemy think of beating them so easily as they might think of beating men in smock frocks but if they were to defeat one army , they would soon see another as well clothed , possibly better , perhaps not quite so well drilled as the former , yet drilled sufficiently for the purpose of action , which , he said , was the case at this moment ; for he had no hesitation in saying , that the volunteers of this country were sufficiently drilled for the purposes of action . Now , if the enemy saw them coming in mighty numbers the very day after an action , and another equally numerous body the day following , the enemy would not only expect , but would soon be sure of a defeat . The hon . officer hers quoted a variety of cases , and some of which he had never before heard of he had quoted the case of the battle of Jemappe , to shew what Frenchmen could do ; what French volunteers could do : they were a parcel of shopmen , and some of them barbers from Paris , and yet they drove the Duke of Brunswick off the confines of France . Now , if the French volunteers could do this , clothed and equipped as they were , what was to be expected from 606 English volunteers , cloathed and accoutered as they are , and acting upon the best principle , in the best cause , for the best constitution in the world , impelled by the best feelings , and looking to the best object that could interest the human mind ? Now , the subject of what had been accomplished by these smock-frock soldiers had been very-copious . They had been tried in the rebellion in America , a country better adapted for them than any other in the known would and under circumstances peculiarly favourable to that species of force.—That force was tried at the beginning of the rebellion but afterwards the Americans found it necessary to use regular troops . What was the case when this smock-frock army came into the field against our regular troops ? What was the effect of this smock force being relied on ? Why , that every man John of them were taken ; but afterwards they relied on regular troops . He observed also , that as to the engagements in La Vendee and the case of the Scotch , to which the hon . officer had referred , some of these had forks , but they only had them because they could not get firelocks and the Highlanders , although they had not been disciplined , yet they fought in the way with which they were best acquainted , and so far they resembled regular troops . Why then it came to this , that men with a great deal of ardour and zeal may do a great deal without discipline , but to say , that even such men would not do better if they had the advantage of discipline , would be to say , that which was , in his opinion , saying that which was irrational.—He then proceeded to take a short view of the state of our navy . Gentlemen said , that this was not to compare with any other time ; he did not say it was , but he had yet to learn that there was any department whatever in the navy deficiently conducted , or any exertion wanting ; we were now infinitely superior to the united fleets of France , Spain