, though at that time no rebellion or appearance of rebellion existed from one part of Ireland to another . The hon . gent . seemed to be unacquainted with the history of the rebellion . He did not appear to be aware that the machinations of the disaffected were at their origin carefully veiled in darkness ; that their views were gradually disseminated over the country ; that it was not till their party was fully organized that they broke out into acts of open rebellion . The wisdom of parliament had been exerted in a number of acts to discover and to disconcert their views . Every effort had been employed to trace out the different relations and bearings of the conspiracy . These efforts had , however , failed of success . Never till the act in question was passed were the designs of rebellion fully ascertained . Never till government was armed with these extraordinary powers was any thing like tranquillity or confidence restored . Though individuals continued to suffer ; though acts or insurrection and violence were not altogether destroyed ; yet the constitution was saved and the sinews of the rebellion were annihilated . This effect he ascribed , more than to any other cause , to the repeated re-enactments of this bill in the course of the year 1802 and 1803 . The hon . gent , however , did not see the necessity of re-enacting the bill at the present period . He had said , that the grounds of its re-enactment formerly was the intimidation of jurors and witnesses in the performance of their duty , but at this moment jurors were unmolested ; witnesses could give their testimony without any dread of the consequences ; all the ordinary forms of law and of justice were observed . He would not pretend to deny that this description of the state of the country was correct , but he would maintain that the present tranquillity of the country was the effect of the very bill to which the hon . gent , so strongly objected . It was not unknown to the hon . member and the house , that till the bill was passed the system of intimidation was universally prevalent , and the courts of common law were as a matter of necessity shut , not against rebels alone , but against the loyal part of the community , who were 82 making every sacrifice in support of the constitution and the existing government . It was not till the rebels found that they could not prosecute their schemes with any hopes of success , that the strong powers vested in the government rendered their detection and punishment a matter of almost absolute certainty , that continuance in rebellion was only another term for destruction , that they thought of abandoning their traitorous projects , that they sat down in laborious tranquillity , and began to return to the habits of dutiful allegiance . If the hon . member looked to the state of Ireland , merely as it was at this day , his view would be extremely partial and limited . To be able to reason fairly on the subject , it behoved him to look at the progress and various modifications of the rebellion . He ought to compare the means used to spread disaffection with the means employed to check its diffusion among the lower orders . Among these last means , he had the universal testimony of the best informed persons in Ireland , that this measure had been one of the greatest and efficient causes of the return of tranquillity and order , of the possibility of continuing the ordinary exercise of the form of the common law courts of the land . Independent of this measure , the hon . gent , would not this day have had it in his power to notice the present tranquillity of Ireland as an argument against the re-enactment of the bill . So far from viewing the re-enactment of the bill as any act of severity to the loyal and well-disposed part of the community ,