allusion to the conduct of the Committee upon the Carmarthen petition was not applicable to the case before the House . In the course of the discussion before that Committee , he recollected that nearly the same grounds of objection were taken , and the same topics started as those which were heard to-day . The precedents quoted by the right hon . gent . on the Treasury Bench , to shew the practice of the House , in contradistinction to the letter of the law , were particularly relied upon , and this led his mind to inquire what Was to be understood by precedents , and according to his opinion a practice which had gone on without any litigation as to its propriety , without any discussion upon its merits , could not be considered in the light of precedents . Yet this precisely was the nature of the precedents cited upon the present occasion . This was the first time this question was raised . `` The blot was hit , '' and the House was called upon to consider the construction of the act of the 28th , to which ins hon . friend referred , and to determine whether , ex vi termini , the petition in question was consistent with the clause of that act so often alluded to . The House should not suffer itself to be withdrawn from the fair consideration of the words of the act , by precedents which , in fact , proved but ( he malus usus applied to it ; but should rather imitate the conduct pursued by a court of law in the case of corporations , where , when a quo warranto is applied for against any corporation , the practice is , not to decide by any usage that might have prevailed , even if it had existed for 50 years , but 402 to look into the words of the charter , and upon that to ground the decision of the case . observed , that having read the Act of the 28th of his Majesty on this subject , be could not hesitate a moment in affirming , that it was so clear and explicit on this point , that scarcely any argument was necessary . A laudable desire was expressed on the other side , for the rights of the people to petition this House . But , however much it might be wished , that the present petition should be received , it could not be properly done in the face of an Act of Parliament ; nor , indeed , when there was so serious an objection against it , would it be doing justice to the other party to hear it . He was of opinion , that though the petition should be rejected , the parties were not deprived of the means of redress . It was well known , that nothing could be more frequent in the King 's Bench , than to set aside a rule or declaration , merely for an informality . But the party had still the right to come forward for redress , having amended what was wrong . said , it had been his practice , when any matter was doubtful , to open the door as widely as possible for its discussion , and he entreated the House to see what the hardship would be , and it must fall on the petitioners , if this petition was now rejected . It was worth while to look at the course which this proceeding had taken ; no objection whatever was started against this petition when it was presented . What was the reason why the hon . gent . who now brought this motion forward , had stifled all those feelings which he knew he had upon this occasion in favour of substantial justice , and to insist on the dry letter of the law ? It certainly must be his superior sense of duty to support the regularity of the proceedings of that House . But why had he not told these petitioners of this informality sooner ?