the public defence . I hope , and indeed am inclined to think , that there is as much loyally in this country as there ever was at any former period . To all loyal persons , must it not be grateful to see the Heir Apparent actively employed in the contest , and sharing , with the public at large , in the danger and in the glory of defending the country ? That danger , notwithstanding my confidence in our success , may God forbid ! But are you to be justified in omitting to use such material means ? He has been long in the army . It was natural for him to say— '' My situation in society is such , that rank is an inferior consideration ; whether I am colonel or general , is of little importance . '' But at present , is not the case quite different ? `` If France lands her armies on our shores , all your other brothers in the army shall have a high command ; but you , under the colour of saving you from danger , shall be deprived of any glorious opportunity . '' Look at his situation ! At the head of the regiment he commands—but who thinks that to be colonel of a regiment of light horse , is a situation , in times like these , fit for the Prince of Wales ? I can easily imagine , that such is the frame of some men 's minds , that they could reconcile themselves to the idea of shutting him up like an Eastern Monarch ; but I am sure his mere colonelcy is what no man here will say is a situation becoming him . I can not enter into motives . I am sure the consequences will be honourable to the Prince of Wales , and not so to those who have advised his Majesty to refuse his offer , 225 They may by such advice Kike away from him an opportunity of rendering himself popular , and becoming one of the most beloved princes in our history Why this is not desirable , I really can not understand . We , however , have a right to state to ministers our opinions upon a subject , to which we may think the interests of the public are deeply concerned , and which certainly involves topics peculiarly grateful to the feelings of the Prince of Wales.—lI hope , Sir , that this d bate will have a good effect upon the public mind ; and that they will see the Parliament disposed to look that ministers do justice to their energies , and to the burthens they chearfully bear : for their voluntary expenses are as real a burthen as their taxes . I hope the people will see that we are ready to do what is owing to their love of freedom , their public spirit , and their zeal and bravery in the public cause . —I join with my noble friend ( Lord Castlereagh ) in the necessity of this country redoubling her energies , in consequence of the envy and immoderate ambition of the enemy with whom we are now seriously contending . It is unquestionably true , that it is a melancholy consideration , that our present necessity is created not by our wealth and our freedom , but by the envy and hatred that wealth and that freedom have excited in the breast of our enemy . The hon . gent , who spoke last , I was happy to hear express his strong conviction of the necessity of putting forth all the energies of this great country . I have now risen , Sir , chiefly to make a few remarks on his wish to know what was the view government have of the character of our numerous and patriotic volunteers . One right hon . gent . dislikes to see them in regimentals ; he wishes them not to look like soldiers , and to wear no uniforms . Another right hon . gent , wishes to see them approximated much