in which opinions I have been every day more and more convinced , as the subjects have been presented to my mind ; Such as that of the propriety of putting an end to the competition of the services by which bounties have been increased ; the taking the matter of recruiting entirely into the hands of govt. , instead of leaving individuals to 'vie with each other , and creating an expense so enormous and so burthensome . These and some other points stated to-night by the right hon . gent , are what I have stated several times , and a great while ago in this House . These , it seems , are now to be adopted , though then it seemed they were not mature , and were therefore rejected . It 1088 seems as if reason to his Majesty 's ministers was like fruit , not fit to eat in less than twelve mouths , for it is now that distance , of time since they were offered ; but at last they have been thought fit for the table of the right hon . gent , and so they have been to-night accordingly served up . Upon one point I would ask for information , whether the new regiments are to be raised by recurring to the old and ruinous system of recruiting for rank , and if so , whether ministers can hope for any power of legislation in such a case that will prevent a competition which must be most injurious in its effects ? As to the point of the duration of the service in the regular army , I do not blame the right hon . gent , for not alluding to it sooner , for he had no measure that had a bearing upon it sooner : upon that subject I retain the opinion I have often delivered in this House . In a word , I agree with the right hon . gent , as to the propriety of reducing the enormous bounties we have so long heard of , and they can not be reduced without taking away the competition which has produced them . I agree with the right hon . gent , also in the propriety of govt . taking the whole of the recruiting system into its own hands . I agree too , that the first part of the address ought to be voted , namely , thanks to his Majesty for his gracious communication , and an acknowledgment of the zeal of the people of Ireland : but there I think the address ought to stop for the present . I am not , without much further consideration , prepared to say yes to the remainder of the address , which will tie down this House to every thing but the mere detail of a system , the principles of which I do not approve , and for the consideration of which this House has not had time enough , and , therefore , I shall move , by way of amendment to this address , to leave out all the latter part of it , for the purpose of inserting the words , `` and that we shall take the same into our most serious consideration , '' —The question being put , said , he should follow the example of the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , by not entering into the general statement that had been so ably made by his right hon . friend . The general principle upon which that statement rested , was so intimately connected with the address , that one could not support one part without approving of the whole . The objections of the right hon . 1089 gent , to the proposed measure , rested principally on two grounds , 1st , with respect to the description of force to be brought to this country , namely , Irish militia ; next with respect to the discretionary power to be granted to his Majesty of augmenting the Irish militia . The measure for employing 10,000 Irish militia