hon . member 's observations , it would not be supposed , on that account , that he at all meant to accede to the accuracy of them . made some observations on the subject , similar to those which had been made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; he , however , saw no reason for with-holding the said accounts.—The accounts were then ordered . adverted to an estimate upon the table relative to the expense of Barracks , which he said was not calculated to afford any information to the House , with respect to what was more materially wanted . In order therefore , to obtain that information , he moved for An Account of all barracks pulled down , sold or disposed of , with the number of men and horses they were capable of containing , since the ratification of the Treaty of Amiens , with the terms they were sold for 2dly , An Account of all barracks erected , or ordered to be erected since the same period , the places where . situated , and the number of men and horses ; they were capable of containing , together with the dates of the orders for such erections . 3dly , An Account of the expense of erecting all such barracks , distinguish- 571 ing whether built by contract , engagement , or otherwise , together with the dates of such contracts or agreements . 4thly , An Account of the terms of all such contracts or agreements , and the names of the persons contracted with . said , there was no objection on the part of government to give every information relative to the Barrack Department . With respect to the estimates complained of , the hon . admiral would find that it was rather more particular in its detail than those estimates had been on former occasions . As to the third motion of the hon . admiral , relative to the expenses of erecting barracks , the account could , not at present be made up , because the several accounts were now in a state of liquidation.—The accounts moved fur were then ordered , with a trifling transposition of word . gave notice of his intention to move to-morrow for an account of the sums paid in this country at par , to the officers of the Irish government . said , he should have no objection to the motion . He then adverted to an order which had dropped , in consequence of a sufficient number of members not attending on the preceding day to go to business , for a Committee on the acts relating to the Irish revenue . He would not attempt to pronounce whether it would be consistent with the proceedings of the House to take up the order of this day , but that there might be no doubt upon the subject , he wished to postpone it , trusting , however , that there would be no objection to his then moving , that the House should to-morrow resolve itself into a Committee upon these acts.—The motion was agreed to . called the attention of the House to the circumstance of the Irish Bank Restriction Bill , which had passed that House ten days since , and which had not , he understood , been yet carried to the Lords . said , that the delay had originated in a mistake . asked , whether it was intended to bring in any bill to explain the Property Tax Act . said , he was not aware of measure relating to the Property Tax being intended to be brought forward before t he Easter recess , except a bill to extend the time for hearing appeals . made some other observations , but in so low a tone of voice that we could not distinctly hear them we understood them to relate to the liability of bankers to penalties under the bill as it at present stood . admitted the liability of the bankers , but observed , that no such penalties could be recoverable previous to the 5th of