the affairs of Ireland , to infer an accusation against his Majesty 's ministers here , or they are directed to the end of pointing out certain faults committed by the administration of Ireland , with a view of preventing their recurrence , by removing the present government of Ireland from the management of affairs in that country . On these points I beg leave to nuke a few observations.—If the object of the hon . mover , or of these who support the motion , is to make , through the medium of Ireland , an attack on ministers here , I can not think this a fair or manly mode of introducing the discussion . I can not help objecting strongly to such an insiduous way of bringing an attack on the government , and I feel it to be my duty to resist it in the most decided terms . It is degrading to the character of the people of Ireland to make use of them as a vehicle for the introduction of such a very ungenerous mode of proceeding , in an attack on men , to whom the Sovereign has entrusted the management of public affairs . It is sporting with the feelings of a brave and high-spirited people to make a stalking horse of their pretended rights , merely as a pretext for bringing forward a favourite subject of opposition . No man would stand up more earnestly for the true rights and privileges of Ireland , than I would , but if poi6on be introduced in order to dislodge ministers from their places , I can not consent that it should be covertly introduced through the circuitous channel of Irish connexions . On this ground I shall , therefore , decidedly oppose tire present motion . If , on the other hand , it is the object of the hon . baronet to prevent the repetition of past errors , by pointing our existing abuses , and by recommending the dismissal of the present lord lieutenant of Ireland , the motion , in my mind , is not less obnoxious . And here I must be permitted to declare , that I consider the silence of the Irish members on the subject now introduced to the House , as the best evidence of their conviction , that the motion is altogether unnecessary , and applicable to no practical useful purpose . Had the motion been loudly called for , it is not presuming too far , to suppose , that at least one out of the 100 Irish members would have been found to bring the matter under consideration , and call for inquiry into a matter in which the 766 character of the government , as well as the safety of the empire , is so materially involved . If any Irish member thought that the safety of Ireland had been neglected , it is not asking too much , to be allowed credit , when I suppose that some one would have come forward , not to solicit as a matter of favour , but as a matter of clear undoubted right , that the affairs of that part of the I United Kingdom , should occupy the peculiar attention of the Imperial legislature . The silence which has taken place is , I must contend , not the silence of indifference , but a silence proceeding from a conviction , that there is no real ground of accusation against ; government ; a silence arising from a persuasion that the measures adopted are the best adapted to the existing circumstances of the empire . This is the silence observed by the Irish members , contradistinguished from that silence which might be supposed to arise from any idea that the subject was one on which , from considerations of prudence , silence was to be recommended . The charge ; against the government of Ireland has on this , as on several former occasions , been brought forward by the British part of the representatives in Parliament , and , I have already stated , that when a charge is thus