the day of ballot is entitled to exemtion for eleven months and 30 days , or the whole year , except one day ; so that though he leaves his corps the moment after his exemption is admitted , he escapes for the subsequent 12 months . What , therefore , I would recommend is , in some measure to new model this bill , which , I believe , may be done in the Committee , so as to apply a distinct and efficient remedy to all these inconveniences . With regard to the volunteers themselves , it is a system of defence which has my highest approbation I do think that it is a force peculiarly well calculated for this country . I do not mean to say that it ever ought to supersede the regular army ; such a system never can be expected to supply the want of a regular force . But as an aid to the regular army , I am fully persuaded that they will be of the most essential advantage ; nay more , that in this capacity they will perform services which a regular army could never execute . But the system requires much amendment , and , while I declare my approbation of it in general , I can not but reprobate many of the regulations that prevail among a great part of the volunteer corps . Their government by Committees , in my opinion , ought not to be tolerated , nor their election of their own officers . If these things be permitted to go on , although the evils have not yet been perceived ; if Committees and General Meetings be to assemble for the purpose of debating , the same dreadful consequences may , some time , be . apprehended , that the volunteers produced in France . This , however , is not the time for entering fully into that topic ; but . at an early period of the recess , . I shall think it my duty to draw the attention of the House to the subject , unless it comes from another quarter ; as I think it a matter of the last importance , that many improvement should 361 be made in the provisions relating to the volunteer system , spoke shortly in answer to what had fallen from the noble lord . With respect to the general subject , he need scarcely obesrve , it was in the serious consideration of his majesty 's government , and every practicable opportunity would be taken to ameliorate the volunteer system , and to render that part of the national force as efficacious as possible . With respect to the difficulties upon which so much stress had been laid by the noble lord , they certainly appeared to him in a very different light , and he contended that the bill before the House , as far as it applied , went to obviate them—it went to settle the important point of the exemptions . With respect to the returns , no contradictory consideration appeared to him in the mode chalked out for ; those proceedings , and although the officer whose duty it was to make the returns alluded to , might possibly not be a perfect master of the provisions of the regulating acts , yet , he may easily obtain the necessary degree of information . He could by no means admit the noble lords position , that the present was such an advanced period of the session , as to render a thorough investigation of the subject impracticable . With a reference to the ensuing recess , which would cause a temporary separation of their lordships , such an observation to a certain extent , did apply , yet the session would subsequently be sufficiently long for every purpose adverted to : and he had also to observe , that the present bill , as indeed every measure of the kind should , contained a provision , authorizing its alteration or repeal in the course of the present session , observed , that he approved highly of the volunteer