. It is material for the House to remark , that in he former war we set out with 16,000 881 men , who were soon after augmented with 2,000 more , and in the course of the year were increased 10 the number of 73 or 75,000 , including marines . In the present war we started with 50,000 men , and it should not pass unnoticed that we also engaged in it when our mercantile marine was increased in a material proportion . Yet , what was done ? Why , although we began with 50,000 men , and had all the great advantages arising from an unprecedented prosperity of trade and commerce , our naval face did not exceed , in the number of men , 86,000 at the end of the year . Thus , in the first year of the former war , we had an increase of 60,000 seamen , and on the first year of the present war , an augmentation of 36,000 only . In the few plain statements I have made , the House will perceive that I have cautiously abstained from all general reasoning , and that I have carefully confined myself to such grounds as I have thought sufficient to justify the motions I have to bring forward . Should the motions be refused , I trust , however , that I shall be indulged by the House in any further reasoning and explanation which I maybe called upon to employ ; and should they be granted , I shall reserve , for a future day , the remarks and illustrations to which their objects must naturally lead me . The considerations which they involve are of the first importance , and render it , in my the indispensable duty of Parliament to agree in an address to his Majesty . I shall therefore conclude with moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his Majesty , praying that his Majesty may be graciously pleased to give orders , that an account of the number of ships of the line , of ships of 50 guns , frigates , sloops of war , bombs , hired armed vessels , & c. as have been in commission , with the distribution of their respective services on the 31st of December , 1793 , on the 30 st of September , 1801 , and the 31st of December , 1803 , be laid before the House . '' —Sir ; the House will , I hope , indulge me with some small portion of their attention , more particularly fried the speech which the right hon . gent , has delivered , in whatever light I consider the present motions , the more I am inclined to think the conduct of the right hon . gent , as one of the most extraordinary proceedings I ever witnessed . I agree with the right hon . gent , that government did think the country plated in a most alarming crisis , and I was , therefore , led to hope that those who were of that opinion would abstain from questions more calculated to engender dis- 882 content , to create fears , and to diffuse dissatisfaction , than likely to be of the slightest advantage to the public.—What I have most particularly to complain of is , that the right hon . gent brings forward his motions without any grounds whatever . He merely sets up his own opinion against that of the Admiralty ; and , if this criterion is to be admitted , I can be under no apprehension with respect to the event of his inquiries , since the conduct of the Admiralty is sanctioned by the general approbation of the country . I feel , Sir , that clamour is no proof of the contrary of what I have stated , and that I speak from what I know , not , like some gentleman , from what is supposed to be known . I merely speak from the knowledge which has reached me personally , and I can not help expressing some surprize at