chose to appoint . They may even be sent to fill up the ranks of those volunteer corps from which , under particular circumstances , they may have withdrawn . As to the military committees , to which I have already alluded , it will only be necessary for me to say , that if they presume to exercise illegal powers , or attempt to control the proceedings of the commandant , they must necessarily be suspended . I can hardly suppose that any corps would support them in any such irregularity ; but if , contrary to all expectation , they should be guilty of such improper conduct , the inference is obvious . They thereby declare themselves unfit to support the character they have assumed , and must submit to have their services discontinued.—I have now finished my general observations , and have only to conclude with a few more particular remarks . The object of the bill , as I intimated in my first notice , is to consolidate all the acts for the regulation of the volunteer system . These , acts are three in number , and though they differ very little in spirit or substance , it is of importance that they should appear in a form more precise than they now possess , and that their exact meaning should be understood with as little inconvenience as possible . As to the exemptions , it is my wish that several important alterations should be introduced . As the law now stands , a certain description of volunteers are exempted from the ballot of the militia by five days 436 attendance at drill . As to the army of resere , it stands on a different arrangement . Volunteers are not exempt from the ballot in this case , but if drawn they are exempted from actual service , provided they have attended 24 drills in the year , or a proportionate number before the time of their being drawn to serve . It is meant by this new bill that the time , entitling to exemption , shall be equalized , and that none can claim exemption from the militia who have not been drilled 24 times in the year . I mean , Sir , to propose , that every member of a volunteer corps shall be at liberty to resign at his option ; and I think it proper to add , that this was a determination formed with out any reference to the late decision of a law court on this subject . It is the object of the bill that all volunteers shall be subject to the ballot both for the militia and army of reserve . A list of those actually serving in I volunteer corps , and who have certificates of regular attendance , is to be separately preserved . When a member is either discharged , or chooses to quit a volunteer corps , then his name is to be returned to the clerks who prepare the county lists , and from that time he is liable to supply any vacancy which may occur . Another object of the bill will be to simplify the returns of effective force , and to point out the manner in which resignation is to take place : When a member thinks proper to resign , he is to give due notice to the commandant of his corps , and is at the same time to deliver up his arms , accoutrements , or whatever other articles he may have received , either by private subscription or at the public expense , in as good ease as they received them . By such a atop , it will be under stood that they not only subject themselves : to the regular ballot , but also place themselves at the disposal of his Majesty , to be employed in whatever way he pleases , either in defeating external invasion , or putting down internal insurrection . There are minor points in the bill , which I need not now explain , as they will be better comprehended when it is regularly before