. The embodied militia for G. Britain and Ireland , amounted to 109,947 . The Reserve Army of Ireland amounted to 9970 men , of which 7055 were , to be attached to the old regiments by small additions of 220 and 230 to each battalion . The diffrence between , that number and the whole force , he allowed , would volunteer into the line . The only addition proposed this year was about 1827 to the dragoon guards on 160 that establishment . The only other head to which he found it necessary to advert particularly related to the Volunteers . He should consider them under two heads , first for G. Britain , next for Ireland . Any calculation under the head of G. Britain , would necessarily be loose and subject to much unavoidable inaccuracy , as it must necessarily depend on so many circumstances , and be regulated by the actual exigency of the country . He did not pretend , therefore , to submit an exact and accurate estimate of the expense under this head , though it was calculated as nearly as possible on the presumed extent , to which the service of the year might require it to be carried . For the Volunteer Corps , he estimated that a sum of 790,000l . would be necessary , from the 25th of Dec. 1803 , to the 25th of Dec. 1804 ; but it was here necessary for him to , state , that , as the clothing had been provided for in the expenditure for the present year , that item made no part of the estimate . The estimate had been calculated for the number to which the Volunteer Corps were supposed to amount , but by the account which had been this day presented to the House , it Appeared that the actual number far exceeded the supposed strength of the volunteer force . By this account , it appeared , that the Volunteer Corps of G. Britain amounted to 379,943 men . The estimates of the expences of such a body , must necessarily be complex and difficult to be ascertained exactly , as the different rates of pay , according to the different periods of the year at which they came forward , should be taken into the account , as well as the nature of the service , whether permanent , or only for exercise , on which they may be employed . The sum , therefore , at which the estimate was taken , would not appear large , when it was recollected that the number for which it was calculated , was only 320,000 . Of the Volunteer force 45,314 served without pay ; 42,500 infantry , and 2,500 cavalry . Great part of the clothing had been voted in June , and therefore was not in the estimate : but the allowance of 1s . per day , for 20 days service , for the purpose of training , to such as should accept pay , was estimated at 190,000l.—Agency Officers , and Field Officers , in consequence of the alteration that in each respect had been found necessary in the original regulations , which had been made in June , required an additional expense , which did not , however , exceed 20,000l . This , he was aware , was a loose and rough estimate of the expense that would be necessary , but he was persuaded that it was rather under than over what the service would require . 161 With regard to Ireland , the state of that country required that the estimates should be higher than in proportion for G. Britain , as well as to provide for services performed , as for those which may hereafter be necessary . The calculation of the numbers of the Volunteers raised in England was under the actual amount ; but the estimate for Ireland exceeded the known amount , which was taken at 70,000 , but presumed capable of being raised , if the situation of the country should require it , to 80,000l . There was also a considerable