presence at the seat of govt . would have given confidence to the loyal , and have in pried vigor into the operations of the civil and military power . Was the Phoenix Park his proper station if he believed that danger approached ? But his courage and magnanimity induced him to quit the Castle How What courage , what magnanimity ? If there was danger , his leaving the Castle and going to the Lodge was not courage , but either the grossest ignorance or the most culpable temerity . What merit could there be in personal courage that led him from a station where he was safe and useful , to a place where he could be of no service , and where , if an attack had been made , he might have fallen into the hands of the rebels , without the merit of defending his post , and periling in the defence of his country ? The state of Dublin on that day presents a moat lamentable picture of a city deserted by all the efficient members of its government ; and if danger was apprehended , never was conduct so unaccountable . The lord lieut . quits the Castle , and retires to his villa & The commander in chief goes to Kilmainham & The lord mayor of Dublin has no information , and goes to his villa & The superintending magistrate Alderman Alexander , tells his constables to be in readiness , and goes out of town to his villa & What is to be inferred from this , but that nobody believed that any riot or rebellion would take place ? Is it possible that all these persons could have acted so had they been impressed with the belief that as serious rising was intended ? Ministers have shewn that they will not be behind hand with their predecessors in taxing our pockets , but they wish to tax our faith beyond all example . I scarce ever come down to this House , but I am called upon to believe something which it is impossible for any man of common sense to credit ; and now ministers come and tell us to believe what the m so superstitious Irish Roman Catholic bogtrotter could not digest . After 786 such a train of facts , how can any man affect to say , that the Irish govt . actually believed in the intelligence they had received ? —I come next to a very important point . It is confessed , that at the beginning of last year the Irish govt . were of opinion , that it womb proper to suspend the Habeas Corpus , and to establish Martial Law . Ministers here would not accede to that system , being desirous of representing Ireland as tranquil , as they had described the peace as profound . That the power asked for by the Irish govt . and refused , was so readily gin anted after the 23d , must have convinced that govt . of the best mode of obtaining it . It was then that the ostensible initiation of the necessity became apparent . And when we hear the noble lord qualifying and objecting to the principle , that prevention is always best , it might afford some suspicion that the insurrection of the 23d would not have been so very disagreeable , had it not been accompanied by the murder of Lord Kilwarden and Col. Brown.—But although , in the eye of the law , one life is as good as another , it certainly is not so in the feelings of mankind ; and , it is true , as the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) observed , that the murder of . Lord Kilwarden had given an additional interest to the melancholy affair of the 23d . But , since gentlemen argue so much of the good prolonged by the insurrection in disposing the intentions of the disaffected , in weakening their cause , and in establishing the glory of the loyal administration of Ireland , how many deaths d as this noble lord calculate as well