noble Lord then went into a long discussion , in answer to Lord Grenville , on the royal prerogative to call out the people in case of actual danger . Against the restrictions which the noble Lord had imposed on that prerogative , he entered his most solemn protest , and argued the propriety of this prerogative , from the necessity of the case in which it was supposed to be exercised . This prerogative was claimed only in case of invasion , and the good of the country , and the safety of the people , would then require such a sacrifice , even independent of the law of the case , into which also , however , his Lordship went at considerable length . His Lordship here put a case ; that should an invasion be made , and a landing effected when Parliament was not sitting , and at a time , perhaps , when Parliament could not constitutionally sit , what would be the result should this prerogative of the crown be suspended , or even so limited as to render it ineffective ? If not a principle of law , let it not be made so . It will be difficult , however , to make it otherwise , while it must be recognised , in certain instances , as a principle of necessity or expedience . said , he had never contended that the Sovereign had not a right , in case of invasion , to call upon the ser-vices of his liege subjects , because that the King had a right , representing the community , to call , in such a case of extreme necessity , upon the services of all his subjects for the public defence , was not only a constitutional principle , but formed a part of the essence of civil society . The thing which he objected to was this , that this bill , in carrying this principle into execution , gave the crown a power , not to call upon the whole or any class of the people , but upon any individual , and to place him in any regiment of the line , or militia . thought the volunteer system as it stood , could not meet the approbation of the House . He was by no means an enemy to Volunteer Corps . He had the honour to belong to one since the year 1794 , the period of their first formation , 1043 but he thought Administration bad begun at the wrong end , and instead of rendering the Volunteers an auxiliary force as they were intended , had , by the exemptions introduced , crippled the regular service . So much was this the case , that the Noble Lord ( the Lord Chancellor ) , whose ingenuity was generally acknowledged , had been obliged lo have recourse to old arguments to support the measure , he was no enemy in general to the argumentum ad hominem , out he thought it was introduced with a very bad grace on the present occasion . Whatever might be the principle of the Provisionary Cavalry , under the former Administration , he could not sec the application of it in the present instance , Of the Provisionary Cavalry Act , his Lordship said , he himself had had the honour to approve , but under circumstances , and under regulations very different from the present act . defended generally the conduct of govt , with respect to the exertions they had made for placing the country in a situation of defence equal to the exigencies of the present moment . This country now exhibited a force unexampled in its history of 628,000 men in arms , and he thought that the exertions of the present administration , in getting forward so large a force , were equal to the exertions of any former minister , even when every allowance was made for the difference of the present times , which required considerably greater exertions than were necessary in any former war . The greatest military force that this country possessed for its defence