) at a late public meeting , did me the honour to compliment me as being a private in one of these Corps . No doubt his motive was kind in toasting my name as a private in the Chertsey Corps ; but I am obliged to decline the honour he intended me , for this plain 218 reason , that I never was a private in that Corps ; nor will I become one in any Corps , because I will not undertake a situation , the duties of which I am not competent to perform ; my age disqualifies me for it ; I could not endure the fatigues of a soldier '' s life ; though , I must confess , I have seen many gentlemen worse looking than myself , parading in the utmost pomp of military array . It may be said that the influence of example ought to be considered , and probably , from that consideration , most of his Majesty 's Ministers have become Volunteers . But , what kind of example are they likely to give ? Why , if the French should invade this country , they would immediately desert ; for they must either desert their offices or the Volunteer Corps , and it is easy to judge what choice thy would make . No doubt they would , previous to their desertion , apologise to the Corps they might belong to , that a necessary attendance at their ministerial duties obliged them to depart . And what would be the effect of such apologies on the different Corps ? Why this , that it would be a precedent to justify the desertion of every other Volunteer , who could assign any plausible reason of pressing business , & c. I see no good example , nor any public spirit in such things . This vaunted influence of example , however , is quite of a piece with the theatrical , ostentatious foppery of the Volunteer system , which seems only fit for nothing but to be put on the top of a hill to be looked at.—It is quite a different kind of thing when a gentleman puts himself at the head of any Corps , where he can be of use . For instance , the right hon . gent , who opened the debate ( Mr. Windham ) , is , I find , a Volunteer Officer in his own county , where , from local circumstances , he probably may be of more use than any other person , or in any other way.—As to the affair of the exemptions , it is the crudest thing I ever heard of . I thought I could see a great deal of regret in the . Sec . of State 's speech on that point . But his reason is truly curious . He says , 'Why did not you all tell me of it ? It 's all your own fault . You were all placed here to watch me , and you said nothing . ' A great number of Volunteers , as has been observed , were enrolled without any exemption whatever . There were several parishes , where people entered into subscriptions to provide for the Army of Reserve . Substitutes have risen to an enormous price , frequently to £50 . Parishes can not get them . Poor men , who never were Volunteers , who can not afford it , are too old , or perhaps infirm , insure ; by and by , comes another ballot , till the parish pays off its whole debt , as the 219 case is in many parishes in the county where I live.—As to the arms : the ordnance , it is said , had as many as could be expected . I am not quite of that opinion ; it might have been so in former times , but in a modern view of the business , I say , with the foresight Ministers say they had of the designs of the enemy , it ought to have been better stored .