of the kind the amendment went to establish ought to be introduced in courts martial . If he were to state his objection to courts of this description , he would say that they were not so competent as others . But this objection referred entirely to that degree of judgment which men of such habits and pursuits were likely to exercise . The great 143 criterion to be sought for in courts , to which either the lives , the properties , or the privileges of men were to be tried , was judgment . But the hon . gentleman had not founded any of his reasons of amendment upon this broad and ostensible principle . He had objected to the general constitution of courts martial on the score of sympathy . It was not probable that any of those gentlemen composing a court martial would ever be reduced to the melancholy circumstances of those brought before them for trial . If this objection on the score of sympathy and feeling had any weight , it would militate equally against all courts martial . Did not courts martial try private soldiers as well as their brother officers , and would the hon . gent , say that officers could have that sort of sympathy with private soldiers which he was disposed to derive from an idea of a probability of being involved in similar circumstances ? The truth was , that here there was no such sympathy as the hon . gent , pleaded for ; and would he or any other gentleman say that that house ought to be more tender of the lives of rebels in Ireland , than of the lives of private soldiers who formed the strength and defence of the country ? and yet the hon . gentleman 's motion went to shew that where we neglected the interests of the private soldier , we should be anxious to provide for the safety of rebellion . But the hon . gent , was apprehensive of the rashness and undiscriminating judgment of such officers as were under age . For his own part if any want of feeling was to be apprehended , it was not , he thought , from young men warm with all the feelings , and all the sympathies of youth . If any such danger was to be apprehended , it was from men rather grown old in the prejudices and passions of a party ; it was from men who had grown callus by long habits of severity . The tight hon . gentleman concluded by saying , that in regard to the principle or necessity of the bill , he was not at present called upon to give his opinion . He could not say it was necessary , and he was not prepared to say that it was unnecessary . But at all events if the bill was necessary , the amendment went in a great measure to defeat its object , and was besides founded on a principle that militated against courts martial of every description . in explanation , said , he did not mean to cast any reflection on the integrity of young officers ; but he drought they wanted steadiness , and the right hon . gentleman confirmed the opinion , when he spoke of the warmth of their feelings , That 144 warmth may incline one way as much as another . disapproved of the clause ; the remedy was not such as should be applied . When the general measure was before the house , his object had been to render courts martial as like as possible to those under the mutiny act . The president , under that act , should be a field officer , and age and experience were secured by the rank . He did not see why the same regulation should not hold in the present instance , nor why the courts should not consist of the same number of officers as in all other parts of his Majesty 's dominions , except two places , where circumstances did not permit it . The number of