84 a year , was now disposed to unite against all foreign and domestic foes . The late insurrection had not a twentieth part of the extent of the rebellion of 1798 ; and all classes of the people , with an exception of a few of the lower orders , were universally disposed to assist government against an invading enemy.—He was also authorized to state , that it was the wish of all sects in that kingdom , that no question should be brought forward , which might have the effect of agitating the public mind , at a period , when it was so essential , that all descriptions should unite in the defence of their common interests.—Leave was obtained to bring in the bill ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday . pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill to continue , for a time to be limited , the restriction on the issues of cash by the bank of Ireland . It was unnecessary for him to urge any reasons to induce the house to agree to his motion . The same motives that induced the house to entertain the bill with respect to the Bank of England , applied to the present case , and as the measure , he proposed , was always consequential to that which had been introduced within a few days by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , he should content himself barely with moving , that leave be given . Leave was given.—Mr . Corry then moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of the amount , of bank of Ireland notes , including bank post bills , payable at seven days sight , in circulation on the first days of January , April , June , and September , 1800 ; also , amount in circulation on the first days of April , May , and June , 1801 ; also , amount in circulation on the first days of June , August , October , and November , 1802 , and first of February , 1803 ; also , amount in circulation on the first days of January , April , August , and September , 1803 ; distinguishing , in this last instance , the value of those below the value of five guineas . Ordered . brought up the report of the committee upon expiring laws . The resolutions were read and agreed to , and bills were ordered to be brought in pursuant to them.—Mr . Secretary Yorke presented a copy of a proclamation issued by the lord lieutenant of Ireland , to prevent distillation from oats and oatmeal in that country . Ordered to be laid on the table.—Mr . Corry 85 gave notice , that on Monday he should move for leave to bring in a bill to indemnify the lord-lieu tenant of Ireland for issuing this proclamation ; and also , that he should move for the introduction of a clause into that bill to enable the lord lieutenant to impose such a prohibition , during a time to be limited.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee for considering the propriety of affording a temporary relief to the Curates displaced by the operation of the bill for enforcing the residence of the clergy . The resolution for granting £8000 for this purpose was agreed to.—Sir Francis Burdett presented a petition on behalf of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of St. Pancras , in the county of Middlesex , setting forth that the duties of their offices had increased so much that they wanted assistants to be appointed in order to enable them to do justice to their situations , & c. Referred to a select committee.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that on Monday he should move , that a committee be appointed to investigate the joint account between Great-Britain and Ireland , as in the last session.—Mr . Hob-house brought up the report of the committee of supply on certain