authority in the present state of his Majesty 's health , competent to some things , and incompetent to others ; they , in fact , take every tiling upon themselves . On this ground it is that I wish for explanation , for without explanation the assurance that has been given is incomplete . It would have been more satisfactory if his Majesty 's ministers had been enabled to state , as a ground of the assurance they have given , that his Majesty communicated with them in the usual way and if they had not given it as an interpretation of the report of the physicians , when the words of that report appear so remote from any such interpretation . On this ground it is , that I 529 wish not to enter into any minute discussion , but to have an explanation of a circumstance which I think most essential . —Sir ; I was in hopes that the observations which have fallen from the hon . gent . would have been prevented by what I stated . I meant distinctly to state , that there is not at this time any necessary suspension of the royal authority for any act which maybe necessary to be done . —I rise , Sir , to assure the House , that it was not from any motive of impatience that I made this motion . It was because I thought Parliament was placed in the most unconstitutional situation . In the mind of every person present , the circumstances , urgent and pressing as they were , of the critical situation in which the country stood , wire enhanced by any suspension of the royal authority ; it was on this ground that introduced the present discussion . I thought the House ought to establish some mode , by which the discretion of ministers should be bounded in matters of such essential moment . It is materially necessary that they should not be left at large , with no other limit than what they choose to impose on themselves . I do not desire to enter further into the discussion at present : I am ready to withdraw my motion if it be the sense of the House that I ought to withdraw it ; but at the same time I think Parliament will not discharge the duty which it owes to the country , and which the country expects , if , after fifteen days of dangerous illness , it does not obtain a more complete explanation of the actual state of his Majesty 's health.—I Here the Speaker put the question for withdrawing the motion . —Sir ; I should be reluctant in such a moment to trespass upon the House , if it did not seem to me absolutely necessary to press more materially for the information which the question put by the hon . baronet has drawn forth from the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The information that has been given , so far from relieving my mind , has excited sensations , which even my desire to comply with the wish of the House , in allowing the motion to be withdrawn , will not allow me to pass unnoticed . The distinct words the Chancellor of the Exchequer made use of were these , `` There is not at present any necessary suspension of the royal functions for any act which may be necessary to be done . `` —Now , does this mean any thing else than that the Chancellor of the Exchequer thinks it competent to him to decide what the royal authority was to be ap- 530 plied to ? Am I right ? If I am not , I will spare the House the trouble of heating me to any further extent . —Sir ; I should have thought , that the answer which I gave to the hon . member on the opposite bench ( Sir R. Lawley ) would have precluded the necessity of the observations of the hon . gent . who has just sat down . —I do not know , Sir , whether