consequences . But although there is nothing relating to them in the bill , yet in the speech of the right hon . Secretary of State in opening the business , we had an opportunity of knowing his sentiments ; and I confess I was never more surprised than when I heard them . The right hon . gent , has said , that so long as the committees confine themselves to the financial concerns , there would be no harm in allowing them to continue ; but that if they should ever abuse this indulgence , if in any corps it should be found that the committee should interfere improperly , and extend their deliberations to subjects which it would b dangerous to allow them to discuss , he would do—what ? 595 Why , recommend it to his Majesty to dismiss a corps which should persevere in such improper conduct ! Now , really , this is the most extraordinary code for the management of an aimed force that I ever yet heard of ; if it does wrong , you have no remedy bat to disband it—But , Sir , if you allow these committees to exist for one purpose , it is impossible for any man to say that they will not , by degrees , be led astray from the object for which they were originally instituted : and , therefore , if , in the present system , they are necessary for managing the finances of the corps , this is a strong additional reason for adopting what was on a former night recommended by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) . Let government defray the whole expense of the volunteer corps . The tax will be less onerous than it is now , because it will be more equally levied . The expense will be less , because the corps will be restrained by the regulations of government within the bounds of economy , instead of being allowed to vie with each other in the splendor and magnificence of their appearance : and besides these great advantages , you will at the same time ged rid of all plea for committees . I say , do away the necessity of committees , and declare them to be illegal . No , says the right hon . gent.—we will make no law to prevent their assembling , nor to restrain their proceedings but if they should deviate from what we think right , we will punish them . Now , I ask , Sir , is it the conduct of wise legislators to say , we will not guard the people against committing a crime , we will not even declare it to be a crime , we will allow them to be exposed to the temptation of committing it , and then if they should transgress , we will punish them ? And , then , what a strange mode of punishment is it , that the right hon . Secretary means to inflict ! He says he will dismiss them : but under such circumstances it might happen , that it would not be either very easy or very convenient to do so . I do not wish to put an extreme case ; I am only stating the same case which the right hon . gent , himself has supposed to exist . I know that the volunteers are as loyal as they are brave and patriotic ; but if such a body of armed men be allowed to hold committees , and to exercise deliberative powers , it is impossible for any man to say to what length they may , by degrees , be carried . The right hon . Secretary has supposed the case of a corps abusing this power . Now if this happens in one corps it may equally happen in all the others , and if ever it should happen , it would probably proceed from a spirit very different from that by which they now are actuated . 596 In such a case the disarming them might be attended with much