on the said acts . It was his intention to propose in the committee the renewal of the Irish duties , and as they would expire on the 25th of March , he trusted he should not be considered as too rapid in pressing the subject.— said , he did not mean to oppose the motion of the right hon . gent , but , previous to going into the committee , he wished to put a question to his Majesty 's ministers , which he would have done antecedent to the motion that had just been disposed of , if he had had any suspicion that the discussion would have extended to such length . The question he meant to put was deeply interesting to the public , and in putting it he acted under a strong sense of duty , which obliged him to ask some explanation of the terms which had been used both here and in another place , on a subject which affected every British breast . Though , on the firs ! view , the information that had been given seemed calculated to give satisfaction to the public , yet it had created only doubts and anxiety , which were afflicting to every loyal subject . He had risen , therefore , to ask some explanation of the words , which had been on a former occasion employed , in order to do away those doubts and that ambiguity which they had given birth to . If he did not mistake , the words of the Chancellor of the Exchequer were , that there was no necessary suspension of the royal functions . He wished to understand whether the right hon . gent , meant to state , that his Majesty was at present personally competent to the performance of the functions of the executive , and whether he was to consider him as pledged to these words . He wished also to be informed , whether the assertion was founded on his observation in a personal communication with his Majesty , or only on the reports of the physicians attending his Majesty . He put this question , not from any want of delicacy , but in order to remove the anxiety which at present affected the public ; and he thought it his duty to , ask , and he was sure the House had a right to require , an explanation , that 664 it might know whether , in proceeding with the public business , it was not violating a fundamental principle of the constitution . He trusted the answer would be explicit ; but whether satisfactory or not , it was not his intention to oppose the progress of the other measure , the order for which had been dropped yesterday , if the right hon . gent . were disposed to proceed with it this night . Should , however , the answer not be satisfactory , he should consider it his duty , to submit a motion to the House on the subject , on an early day next week . said , that whether the question which was put by the hon . gent , was one which when publicly known , would excite regret in the minds of an affectionate and loyal people , or otherwise , was not for him to declare . It was his desire to be as explicit as his sense of his duty would permit , and after the manner in which this subject had been adverted to on a former night , and what he had said on that occasion , he should have thought that all further questions of this kind would have been precluded , and abstained from . He had then slated what was in the recollection of every hon . member , and what the hon . gent , had now repeated . To that he should refer the hon . gent , with this single addition , that it was not founded on any personal intercourse with his Majesty , but on that which enabled him to state it to the House on better