we told that we were in a state of profound peace , than we were apprized , that every act of the government with whom the peace was concluded , had been marked with insolence and aggression . Hardly were we informed that Ireland was in a state of perfect tranquillity , than we were told that rebellion had once more made its appearance in that unhappy land . It was impossible to attach any meaning to the declaration of ministers . All their declarations were marked by inconsistency , fickleness , and indecision . We are really at a loss to know , even at this moment , in what light ministers are desirous that the insurrection of the 23d of July ought to be considered . At one time , they described it as a miserable riot , a contemptible assemblage of ruffians , making their appearance in Thomas Street , extending their progress to Dirty Lane , and terminating their carper in Cutpurse Bow . On another occasion , when a different descript ion suited their views , the first law officer endeavoured to implicate in this conspiracy the great mass of the people of Ireland . When such contradictory accounts are 771 given , is it not , I beg leave to ask , fair to go into an inquiry on a subject confessedly of the highest interest and importance ? It seems there was a private powder-mill in the very heart of Dublin , and government were totally ignorant of its existence , till the explosion took place , by which it was blown up , and thus , for the first time , brought into the observation of government . I have heard of private stills , private coining rooms , and so forth , but this is the first time I ever heard of a private powder-mill . [ Mr. Sec . Yorke said across the table , that it was not a powder-mill . ] I say it was a powder-mill ; and this difference shews the necessity of inquiry . Well & it blew up , and no notice was taken , nor any precautions whatever ; the prevailing maxim was , `` the less is said the better , '' and so ended the history of the powder-mill , in which were found upwards of 30,000 bail cartridges & About the same time some casks filled with balls were discovered ; but still no inquiry is instituted as to the existence of treasonable designs . The commander in chief is on a tour through the Island . Another of : he lords in council has retired to his country seat . The lord lieutenant has renounced the cares of administration . The v. hole weight of government is thrown en Mr. Secretary Marsden , and how is it that he contrives to perform the duties of this great office ? On the Thursday before the rebellion broke out , Mr. Clarke , a most respectable manufacturer in the neighbourhood of Dublin , waits on him and informs him of his suspicions of an intended insurrection . He is dismissed with a desire to continue his inquiries , and to wait on Mr. Marsden the nest day . The next day he repeats his visit , and is then told to appear at the Castle , on Saturday , at two o'clock , to meet the lord-lieutenant , who was then to hold a council . A meeting with Mr. Clarke the next day takes place , and Mr. Secretary Marsden is then convinced that a rising on that same night is intended . A message is then rent to the lord-lieutenant , requesting his immediate attendance at the Castle . The lord-lieutenant does arrive , accompanied by the commander in chief , and some measures ore at length concerted for the protection of the capital . If a council is held who are those summoned to attend it ? Is the lord chancellor one of the number ? NO . Is the lord chief justice invited ? Unfortunately no . In short , not a single privy councellor is invited