the right hon . gentleman opposes ? To remove ail doubts of the necessity which he has questioned , it is enough to refer the right hon . gentleman to the evidence upon the several trials , which display so clearly the temper of the insutgents , to these facts , that are quite notorious to the country , and to the peculiar circumstances in which it is at present placed . After such a review , who can entertain a doubt of the propriety of taking immediate and vigorous measures to avert the calamities which the state of things menace . Such indeed was the influence of those circumstances upon the minds of those to whom the government of Ireland was committed , combined with the knowledge they had of the disposition of the Irish people , that I can assure the house it 121 was matter of doubt with many of those respectable personages , even before the insurrection of the 23d of July , whether they should not stale to government here , the propriety of recommending to Parliament the adoption of precisely the same powers and provisions which that insurrection rendered so essentially necessary , and which it is the object of the bill before the house to re-enact . I know that the expediency of proposing the suspension of the habeas corpus act , previous to the unfortunate event in July , was in the contemplation of the noble lord who held the seals in that country , who had full opportunity of judging of the site of the public mind , and who can not be suspected of any inclination to adopt a measure which would abridge the liberty of the subject , without the conviction of strong necessity—a necessity which now exists too notoriously to be denied . The hon . gentlemen do not indeed directly deny it , but they call for the formality of evidence to prove it . What , can it be said , that at this crisis it is not necessary to give every possible strength to the executive government in Ireland , when it is recollected that an enemy , who is ever active in his exertions to annoy us , and who meditates an invasion , which , if he msan3 at all to execute , Ireland is his object , and the season is now come when he will probably make the attempt Under such circumstances , I will put it to the good sense of the House , whether there can be any excuse for hesitating to accede to the motion in debate , and to give to the government of Ireland all the strength that is requisite to enable it to encounter with effect the danger with which that country is threatened ? I again call upon gentlemen to separate in their minds the question as to the conduct of the Irish government in July , and the policy of assenting to the present measure ; and in reply to the calls for a preliminary inquiry into the grounds of necessity , I answer , that notoriety , connected with the enemy 's preparations and avowed objects , furnish sufficient grounds to sustain the assertion , that circumstances imperiously demand such measures as ministers have on this occasion submitted to Parliament ; and I can shew , from a retrospect of the conduct of the legislature for the last ten years , that notoriety was held in several instances as a sufficient ground to justify the introduction of bills to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act , and that too in cases which were defended by the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , and where the notoriety was far from being as strong as that which exists at present . As to the principle of appointing a Commit- 122 tee of Inquiry , I perfectly agree in the opinion of my noble friend ( Lord Castlereagh ) , that such appointments should not be made on light grounds . The House is bound to avoid it , unless the necessity should be urgent , and unless the result of such inquiry should