defence of the country . On these grounds , he considered the production of every document which could give satisfaction on this subject , prudent and necessary . assured the House , that he would not detain it beyond a very few minutes . The motions now under consideration , were merely for the production of papers , without which an inquiry could not be instituted . If the papers were granted , then the right hon . mover would be enabled to judge , whether or not the force mentioned in the official documents , was adequate to the emergency of the times . As this appeared to be the tendency of the right hon . Mover 's propositions , he saw no rational ground for the refusal of the papers necessary for the inquiry . He professed the greatest admiration of Lord St. Vincent 's character , and , therefore , he could not for a moment imagine that a negative ought to be given to the motion for the papers described by the right hon . mover . The production of the papers would also he attended with this happy effect ; it would tell the people what means were pursued for their defence against the enemies of the country . It would also have this salutary effect ; if the House were of opinion , that the force was inadequate to the resistance of the enemy , Parliament could then see the propriety , if not necessity , of augmenting the same . With all his partiality for the noble earl , he was for the motion . rose to reply . He declared , that he would endeavour to detain the House , at that late hour , as short a time as possible . It must , however , be evident that he was bound to answer some of the remarks which had been brought forward . He agreed with a learned gentleman , that any vote which was given that night for the papers did not absolutely proceed the length of censuring his lordship . They were called upon to grant certain papers , deemed requisite for an inquiry into the conduct of his lordship and the hon . Board of which he was the head . They were called upon to view with the eye of candour and impartiality the merits of the case which he had presented for the consideration of the House . To grant the documents for which he moved , would be the best means of establishing the character and conduct of his lordship by the inquiry which he purposed to institute . To refuse them would create those doubts which 923 must always be injurious to a public character , however pure it might be considered by his friends . To refuse them would also have an evil tendency—it would serve to excite doubts as to the real strength of the nation . And what doubts ? Doubts as to our capacity for the resistance of a very powerful enemy , whose visit to this country Ave are taught to believe will take place in the course of a very few weeks Before such a terrible emergency arrives , all doubts ought to be removed , by the production of such papers as would demonstrate at once the real strength of the country . If these papers be deemed necessary to ascertain our capacity for the resistance of the enemy , why deny them ? Is Parliament , for the sake of protecting the Board , to be left doubtful of our strength and power at this great and awful crisis ? Is that very Parliament which snakes a liberal expenditure for the security of the country , to be left in a state of doubt and dismay , because ministers do not chose to gratify their moderate wishes ? The greater the danger , the greater the necessity for knowing the arrangements and strength of the country at the eve of one of the most serious events about to be recorded in our history . Should the papers be refused , which , from the disposition