public service ? Why , the Sec . at War says , he is not a military man . Modesty is a good quality . But I humbly think , that at a time when the country is threatened with a formidable invasion , and we are raising such immense forces to oppose it , the Sec . at War should be somewhat of a military man . But he refers to General Officers . Every General Officer , I think , will tell him , that the best way of arming the people , is by training them to their proper uses.—I can not help repeating the opinion which I gave last session , and upon which a motion was ineffectually made in this House ; namely , that there I should be a responsible military authority , to which the Parliament and the people might look for the whole conduct of the army department . I have great personal respect for H. R. H. the Commander in Chief , but I am persuaded , from my personal knowledge of his character , that he would not be pleased with the flattery , that he is himself capable of the very difficult task of governing this department . It requires , above all , that the responsibility should be clear and positive . I may be allowed to say , that there is an obstacle in his high birth to the responsibility which belongs to his situation . There is a delicacy in questioning the measures of a personage of his illustrious rank , which deters men in general from the duty of calling him to account . It is not too much to say , that all the arrangements of the mili 221 tary system for the last summer have been unsteady , vascillating and capricious . Early in the summer a staff was appointed , which , to say no worse of it , gave considerable surprize to military men . Generals were appointed to the command of districts , who no doubt had just pretensions to employment , but men were disposed to enquire why others of the greatest experience , gallantry and distinction were omitted ! Names were missed that , in a situation of the country so critical , ought , in the public opinion , to have been the first thougt of . Thus it was conceived that Lord Cornwallis was not so old as to be overlooked ; and surely my noble friend , Earl Moira , was not so destitute of activity , zeal , energy , and experience as to be left unemployed . And yet , in the first instance , his name was not to be found . A general promotion , however took place , and this altered the arrangement ; —Lord Hutchinson , who had been employed at first , was now put off the staff , and Earl Moira was most properly appointed to the chief command in Scotland—an appointment which gave me the highest satisfaction , as it must do to every one who truly regarded the defence of the country ; but why , if the noble earl was proper to be trusted with a great military station in Oct. was he overlooked in May ? It was answered to all this , that it was the King 's prerogative to change his Generals , and that he might change them every day . Most true it is his prerogative , but his ministers are responsible for the exercise of this prerogative capriciously . The country have a right to the employment of the best talents and experience that the army can supply , and the characters of officers are an essential part of the public strength . Men are not to be changed by caprice . Where nothing has happened to alter the circumstances , it betrays a levity inconsistent with the character of a strong and efficient government to change , take officers up , and put them down without a reason assigned , or an argument of any kind.—Every part of the service has been left to chance . Even