the great mind of the right hon . gent , must see that it must be judged of upon a general system , and not upon any particular point . It is impossible , but , that in viewing each point separately , there must appear to be some deficiency . It is evident , however , that some inferior parts must be 910 overlooked , in order that the perfection of the whole may be obtained ; and I am inclined to think , that if there be any part of our defence which it was more safe to sacrifice than another , from its being of inferior moment , it is that of which the right , hon . gent , has insisted . Had the motion been for papers generally , I might have been a little puzzled to know how I should vote , though I believe I still should have voted for inquiry ; but as the matter stands now I can not hesitate . If the parpers are refused , it must infer some slur upon the first lord of the Admiralty ; if some of these documents are with held , it may be said by the right hon . gent. , that he was prevented from carrying the question he meant to move , because inquiry was suppressed , and he was denied the papers by which his case was to be proved . But , it is said , that if all the papers were granted , a suspicion would lie against the first lord of the Admiralty . But how long could such a suspicion continue ? No longer , surely , than till the inquiry took place . But if any suspicion arises from the motion , or from the papers produced , it is impossible to say how long suspicion may remain , since no inquiry is allowed by which it can be removed . Ministers profess themselves friends of Lord St. Vincent in the present instance ; bet how have they shewn themselves solicitous about the fame and the accommodation of that noble lord on other occasions ? Do we not know , that , for at least eighteen months , a difference of the most serious kind , and to the impediment of public business , existed between the first lord and the secretary of the Admiralty ? yet , that secretary preserved his place for a year and a half , under those very ministers who lately contended , that on account of a coolness between the lord lieut . of Ireland and the commander in chief there , it was impossible that the latter could , consistently with the public safety , remain in his place a week . I can not help thinking , therefore , that the defence now set up by ministers , as rather intended to be a convenient protection to themselves for the future , than as any thing which Lord St. Vincent 's case would require . If Lord St. Vincent 's conduct , which would stand inquiry , is to be opposed to any inquiry , then will others avail themselves of the example , to contend that they too , though they declined investigation , were equally conscious of rectitude and merit . And is this the way to do honour to Lord St. Vincent 's character and superiority ? Indeed , that ministers look more to the benefit of the example than to the credit of the first lord of the Admiralty , appears to me from 911 the manner in which the motion had been opposed . It seems as if it were said , we will grant such papers as will not inculpate the first lord of the Admiralty , and do not lead to inquiry . Why , then , are others refused ? Will it not be said , that they would have inculpated the Admiralty and led to inquiry ? and this is the way in which Lord St. Vincent 's reputation is to be defended by his colleagues . The same right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney