. It had been said this was a contemptible riot , and DO insurrection ; and that , therefore , we were not called on to continue the harsh enactments now proposed . His lordship said , that it was difficult in such a case , to say what was contemptible , and dangerous to sport with a 259 danger because it was apparently trifling . What in one hour appeared an inconsiderabe , or contemptible riot , might in a week be a formidable insurrection . What to day was an insurrection , might be in a condition to-morrow to brand with a similar epithet , the regular government which it had originally opposed . It was imprudent ; it was worse—it was a desertion of our duty to tamper with popular feelings , or popular prepossessions , to disaffection . But , it was said , his Majesty 's speech declared that every thingwasq.net in Ireland , and held out a hope that the deluded people of that country had come to a sense of their folly . This , he maintained , was not a fair inference to be drawn from his Majesty 's speech . By the vigilance of government , and by the effect of the late trials , any open appearance of disaffection had been stopped ; and the speech , too , held out a hope that his Majesty 's deluded subjects in that country were BOW restored to their senses . Might it not , however , be fairly inferred that one of the grounds of that hope was the existence of the very measures now under consideration , and the consciousness that such measures were calculated to aid the loyal subjects of that country in maintaining good order and tranquillity . He could not refrain from paying , not a compliment , but a merited tribute to the criminal jurisprudence of that country , for the temperate , yet firm and vigorous justice , which on the late trials it had administered . While its temperance and moderation must have conciliated the minds of those not lost to every sense of justice and reason , and have taught them to prize that law which , as British subjects , they enjoyed , its vigour must have greatly tended to keep in awe the licentious and unruly , and to convince them that its firmness was equal to its moderation and justice . The circumstance , that it was only found necessary on one occasion to resort to the extraordinary means now proposed , so far from evincing that such measures were net necessary , only shewed the delicacy which government observed in the use of them , and that such powers were properly entrusted to the Irish government . The knowledge that such powers might , when necessary , be employed , might have been the very cause which rendered the adoption less frequent . The notoriety of the recent outrages in Ireland ; the uncertainty whether they were completely crushed , and the spirit of insurrection totally extinguished , were , his lordship conceived , sufficient grounds of the measure other grounds might exist , but it was unnecessary to press them forward , 260 when circumstances to justify the measure were notorious to all . His lord-hip concluded by giving his hearty assent to the bills ; an assent which , in similar circumstances , he should deem himself deficient in his duty were he to with hold from similar applications , as to this country . insisted that no parliamentary ground was laid for the . present measures . He did not , however , presume to say that they were not necessary . The House , however , ought to be fully convinced of their necessity , and that upon parliamentary grounds , before they passed them . He adverted to the conduct of the government of Ireland , which he was clearly of opinion , was surprised on the 23d of July . Blame , on this account , must attach to ministers , and the recal of the commander in chief seemed to fix it