com mission at the close of the last war , there were scarcely any retained as at all useful , and that 62 of them ) which were purchased from contractors , were much the worst . Enough has been said by the hon . bart . of the kind of vessels which contractors gene rally built ; and , without referring to the ships of the line , of which the hon . bart . has taken notice , in proof of the badness of materials and the inferiority of their workmanship , I shall only remark on these gun-boats . I do not , indeed , like to dwell on the misconduct of inferior officers in any department , I do not wish to hear of such persons in this House ; we should look al ways to the heads of those departments as the persons answerable to us . The navy board may be suspected of having played into the hands of the contractors during the last war ; and to that , perhaps , was owing the great inferiority of the right hon . gent . 's gun-boats—an inferiority which was certainly very glaring , for out of the 120 , 87 were sold , after advertisement , for almost nothing ; some which could not be disposed of were retained , and six were sent to Jersey , which were found so utterly useless , that Captain D'Auvergne knew not what to do with them . He , however , sent five of them home some time after , and was obliged to send some of his best cruisers to tow them safely , Yet this is the kind of force which the right hon . gent , would recommend in preference to any other to defend our coast ! . It reminds me of an anecdote of the right hon . gent . 's administration , when 3 men of war were sent to this country from Portugal , which was our ally ; those ships were found to be so incapable of giving us any assistance , but , on the contrary , were so little sea-worthy , that it was determined to send them home , and it became absolutely necessary to dispatch one of our frigates with them as a convoy . Such shipping would of course be rather an incumbrance to us ; and the gun boats , to which the right hon . gent , is so partial , would , from all that I have heard abroad , which is corroborated by the hon . bart . this night , be rather injurious on the score of expense , and the number of men they would necessarily require , than likely to be serviceable.—An hon . admiral on the lower bench ( Admiral Berkeley ) has , in the course of a very extraordinary speech , stated , that he had delivered in a plan to the Admiralty , which , if acted upon , must effectually secure our own coast , and completely destroy the flotilla of the enemy . The gallant admiral has detailed to the House some parts of 903 a plan which he tells ns is the production of his own brain , am ! doubtless it is , from the specimen he has given us , a tolerably strong proof of his gallantry to own it . Without pretending to much nautical knowledge , one might , L think , question the correctness of the hon . admiral 's ideas upon this project , for the practicability of making use of gunboats to annoy the flotillas on the French coast v , as denied by every intelligent naval officer ; but , whatever is their use in the shoals along that coast , they surely are incapable of any degree of Utility , comparable to that which may be derived from large shipping upon our own coast . Wherever the latter can be employed , the former mast be comparatively useless . It is notorious that , all along from Pevensey to Dungeness , a man of war can anchor close in shop