a due influence over the legislative power ? It is the undoubted prerogative of the Sovereign to preserve a certain degree of control over the legislature , as it is of the legislature to watch over the proceedings of the executive part of the constitution . Of these powers of the Sovereign , there is none more clear than his right of proroguing or dissolving Parliament , even at rive minutes notice . If this is s : clear principle of the constitution , I should be glad to know how this control is to be exercised , and it ought to be constantly and actively employed , in the tota labsence of the exercise of the royal functions ? The right honourable gentleman has informed the House , that his Majesty 's confidential servants do not think any communication necessary , How far it may or may not be necessary , is not a point for them to decide . This decision is the exclusive right of Parliament , I am really utterly at a loss to know on what principle this extraordinary confidence is called for—on what ground it is that they require the House to make them the judges , when the real state of the health of the Sovereign is to be laid before the legislature.—By what claim are they to decide as to the time of making a communication so interesting to all orders of the community ? There is no book , there is no practice , there is no principle to justify the plea set up , of constituting the Kings ministers , after the func- 513 tions of royalty have been suspended , the persons do determine what is most conducive to the public safety . Perhaps , Sir , I may hear a great deal of the responsibility which will attach to ministers . In no case could I consent to vest any set of men with extraordinary powers , from any promises of responsibility . But , more especially n capes where the most important interests of the state are involved , I should be particularly Jealous of conferring such powers . At a period when the very existence of the empire is at stake , it would be but a poor consolation to think that those who brought it to destruction were responsible for their errors and their crimes . When we see this reluctance on the part of ministers to communicate information , we are inclined to inquire , when the period will come when such a communication will be produced . Already a fortnight has elapsed , during which the functions of royalty have been confessedly suspended Another fortnight may elapse , and the House may remain as uninformed on the subject of the indisposition of the Sovereign , as at the present moment . In the first instance , no satisfactory information was afforded , and in the oilier case information might be with-held on equally solid grounds . What I require is , that the two Houses of Parliament should be apprised of the actual state of his Majesty 's health , and thus be enabled to form an opinion of the steps necessary to be adopted for the public interest . At present no information has been given , and no grounds exist on which any grave deliberation can take place . It is impossible , Sir , to ascertain what is the limit to which the confidence required by ministers is to be carried . The system of blindfold , implicit confidence may go on from , day to day . The executive power , at all times necessary , but more peculiarly requisite at a moment of the greatest national peril , may continue to be suspended . What adds to the danger arising from this system is , that the danger which menaces the country is one which is repeated from day to day . No gentleman can pretend to fix the period when the great crisis may arrive , but government ought to have the best information , as on them this responsibility must rest . But , whatever may