to be present at these deliberations . The great object is to avoid all unnecessary alarm . If the greatest dangers ensue , still if alarm can be avoided , all is well ; ruat cxlum but be sure to 772 I avoid alarm was the great burden of the song on that memorable day . Satisfied with recommending all tendency to avoid alarm , the lord-lieutenant retires to his country seat , and Mr. Secretary Marsden again resumes the uncontroled management of affairs . That hon . gent , seems , however , to proceed with wonderful indifference . He allows the time to pass on , and still the police are in no situation to repel riot as soon as it should make its appearance . Every where I see want of foresight , decision or vigour . Even the following day the lord-lieutenant does not issue his proclamation for the apprehension of the atrocious murderers ; of the lord chief justice . He goes to chapel as usual , and it is not till the 25th that a council is summoned , that any thing like a vigorous act is resolved on.—The only defence I have yet heard set up is , that government and the rebels were both surprised together in a dark night ; and I leave it to the House , whether that is a reason sufficient to ward off an inquiry ? It has been ; clearly shewn , that the lord mayor of Dublin had no notice whatever of the danger of this rebellion . So far from it , his house was robbed of arms . But it is said that Mr. Alderman Alexander , the presiding magistrate , had notice—and what did he do ? I He went and slept out of Dublin , and devoved the whole duty on Mr. Oliver Carleton , the high constable ; and the lord lieutenant went out of town , and left all the : weight and responsibility of government on the shoulders of the under secretary , Mr. Marsden . I shall not trouble tire House any longer . I can not conceive a better time for ; inquiry than the present moment , and therefore the motion meets with my most cordial approbation . —Sir ; I beg the indulgence of the House while I offer a few short and temperate observations . The situation in which I was placed in Ireland , enables me to form an accurate judgment . I was placed upon the Irish staff in last spring , but I was pot ordered to join till after the explosion of the rebellion on the 23d of July . I then lost no time in repairing to Ireland . On my arrival in Dublin , some days had elapsed , and the transaction of the . 23d of July began to be viewed in different lights . I had opportunities of conversing with all parties , wish the military officers , the commander in chief , the chief secretary , the officers of the volunlunteers , in short , with all those who were best enabled to furnish me with the means of forming an opinion , and the genera impression of all I heard was , that the Irish government was taken by surprise.—If the 773 House goes into the inquiry , it will be found whether , in fact , it was so or not ; but I confess that was the impression made on my mind . From what has come out on the trials , which Mr. Wickham directed in the best manner , I am sure he was convinced , with me , that government was surprised . I will ask , if a powder mill had exploded at Charing-cross , and no measures were taken by Sir R. Ford to obtain information about it , would rot every ore be surprised ? The explosion in Patrick street was as near to the Cattle ; is Charing cross to this House , or to St. James 's ; and active inquiry might have been the means of preventing the insurrection an blood shed