what was said upon that subject , and I must now understand , that other circumstances besides those that immediately precluded ministers from making a communication might have been looked for.—Here the conversation dropped . presented a petition , on behalf of Mr. H. Burgess , of Curzon Street , May Fair , and I other , setting forth the particulars of the double return for the above Borough . Ordered to be laid on the table . The proceedings of the election and the return , were then read , by which Mr. Huskisson was returned by indenture , and Mr. T. Sheridan also , in another instrument , purporting to be a return , said to be elected , A question arose , whether this latter piece of parchment was a return or not ; the case appeared extremely doubtful , whether this matter ought to go to a Committee to be decided by them , or whether the House should not decide the matter of itself , on account of the parchment stating the return of Mr. T. Sheridan being no return . The House , however , at last thought the better and safer way would be to refer the matter to a Select Committee . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Volunteer Consolidation Bill , adverted to what he had formerly said upon that part of the bill which related to the right of resignation , the substance of which had been adopted , and without which he was apprehensive that great discontent would have prevailed . He had now no opposition to offer to the passing of the bill . Sir , it is with very sincere regret that I feel myself under the necessity of again addressing you on a subject which has already occupied so much of our time : but although it would give me great concern to find that the House considered me as inclined to abuse that indulgence which I experienced from them , when delivering my opinions pretty much at length in an early stage of this bill , yet I feel myself impelled by a strong sense of duty , rather to incur this risk , than to neglect any opportunity of expressing my most complete disapprobation of this and every other branch of the system pursued by his Majesty 's ministers in the administration of the military affairs of the country . I am , indeed , aware , Sir , that in taking the present occasion of doing so , I labour under considerable disadvantages : for notwithstanding the importance of the subject ( and surely none can be more important than this , which involves the consideration of all the means by which the great physical strength of this country may be best applied to repelling the most formidable invasion that ever was prepared against it ) , yet I say , Sir , notwithstanding the importance of the subject , I can not but feel some apprehension that the House may ( for the present , at least ) be almost tired of hearing it discussed , when I recollect , that within these last 7 or 8 mouths , his Majesty 's ministers have brought in no less than 5 different bills on this one subject ; and that this last , which was meant to consolidate the whole , this bill , of which they gave us notice before the Christmas recess , has at length been laid before us in such a state , that it was found necessary for it to be committed and recommitted no less than 4 times , in the course of which it has received an addition of 24 entirely new clauses , besides numerous and considerable alterations and amendments in almost all the original ones.—I am aware , Sir , that those gent , who have taken so much pains to correct and amend this bill , and to make it what it is , must be inclined to hope that the system which it contains may be of some duration ; and that they can not be