any other member is in the same situation with myself : but I protest , that every thing I hear in the nature of explanation , so far from elucidating , serves only to cloud what the House is so desirous to be distinctly informed of ; and it appears to me from the whole of these explanation ? , as they are called , that there is a constant design and endeavour to divert the attention of the Mouse from the conduct of ministers on the subject , and the attempt to divert it is made only because it will not bear discussion . I own I agree in the opinion of my right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Windham ) , that the theory of the constitution requires that , whenever the royal authority is suspended , at that moment Parliament should be informed of the suspension , not for the purpose of immediately proceeding to form new arrangements to supply the suspension , but for the purpose of deciding whether or not it ought to proceed , and whether it is not for the safety of the country that some new step should be taken . I can easily conceive many cases in which , on such information , the discretion of Parliament would adjourn the consideration of the propriety of adopting any new step ; but Parliament being informed of the circumstances , should hold in its own hands the power of deciding , and not suffer it to continue in the hand of those who having been appointed the confidential servants of the crown , when the royal functions were in full exercise , continue to hold their functions after the suspension , till Parliament decides on the propriety of some new arrangement . I think it the more necessary to make this distinction , as those with whom I have conversed on the subject , look upon a communication , when properly made , as necessarily to be followed up with immediate proceedings for a new arrangement . When I speak of a communication properly made , I do not conceive that those who have been appointed the servants of the crown , when the royal authority was in its full exercise , are the proper channel for such a communication . The proper mode is , in my opi- 531 nion , that the facts should be authenticated before the privy council , because that mode affords greater security ; not that I mean to impute to any one the design of imposing on Parliament , or of exposing himself to the danger of Parliamentary vengeance , by an improper communication . When I dwell upon the difference of a communication by his Majesty 's confidential servants , and a communication by the privy council , I am aware that I expose myself to the answer , that the confidential servants will say , there may be a difference of opinion in the privy council from want of information know of no such difference ; the only real information on such points can Arise from nothing but the examination of the medical persons in attendance ; so that in this respect , the confidential servant ? and the privy council stand on the same grounds . Will not Parliament prefer hearing the evidence of the medical gentlemen at its own bar . This is the practice of the House in the case of Election Committees ; a medical gentleman attends at the bar , to determine by the judgment pf the House on his elimination , whether there is such an interruption to his health as to prevent his resuming his functions in the Committee , and the Committee adjourns all business for a clay to give room for this determination . I am aware that this is but a light and trivial subject , compared with one of such vast moment as that now under consideration ; but if it is right that the practice should be instituted and adhered to , even in trivial things , I can not conceive it right to abandon it in matters of the