arrest the progress of these atrocious conspirators . Rebels seeing the prospect of martial law before them , ceased to have any object in obstructing the proceedings of the ordinary tribunals . Things reverted to their former order , and the establishment of martial law , so far from suspending , was , in fact , the means of restoring the operation of the common law-courts . It was from a contemplation of these circumstances , and a knowledge of these effects , that he had , on former occasions supported the establishment of martial law in Ireland . Though he would not go quite so far as to assert , that these were the only grounds on which he could feel himself authorised in voting for a bill which went the length of establishing martial law in any part of the empire , yet he would assert unequivocally , that they were by far the strongest grounds which could induce him to sanction such a strong measure . Having laid down this general principle , he begged leave to put it candidly to their lordships , whether any such evidence had now been adduced to justify the measure ? Had the noble lord at all insinuated that any 255 system of intimidation at present prevailed in Ireland ? Were magistrates impeded in the exercise of their functions ? Were judges unable to perform their duties without turbulence and anarchy ? Could jurors not give verdicts according to the dictates of their conscience ? Could witnesses not deliver their evidence without the dread of fatal consequences r fie was confident that the noble lord would not make any one of these assertions . He appeared , on the contrary , to glory in the idea that the utmost tranquillity prevailed ; that the proceedings of the civil and criminal courts experienced no interruption ; that criminals were tried without molestation , and that they suffered the sentence of the law without any violation of the public tranquillity . He professed himself astonished , after such admissions on the part of his Majesty 's ministers , to hear them gravely asserting the necessity of establishing martial Jaw in Ireland . He would concede to the noble lord , or any other of his Majesty 's ministers , that in case of actual rebellion the proceedings of the civil and criminal courts must necessarily be suspended . Common law was in that interval annihilated . It was , during the continuance of such a calamity , virtually extinct . Inter arma leges silent was equally the institution of society and the dictate of reason and nature . He was far from wishing to dispute so obvious a position . But he must object to the introduction of any system to reconcile the existence of martial law and common law at the same period . If the courts of common law could go on with their functions , martial law was unnecessary and dangerous . On the other hand , if martial law were really necessary , the common law , however much the event must be lamented , must for a period lose its application and efficiency . On these principles he must , in an abstract view of the subject , disapprove of the re-enactment of the martial law bill . At the same time he had to lament what he observed at the outset of his speech , that he was so situated that he could not give a decided negative to either of the bills . He did not see fufficient grounds to induce him to think that they were necessary ; but , as his Majesty 's ministers had declared them to be necessary , he could not at such a moment as this oppose their future progress . He had thought it his duty shortly to deliver his sentiments , and he trusted he had said nothing which was inconsistent with his duty as an honest and independent member of Parliament . made a short but spirited reply . He had himself but ? very short time ago left Ireland . He had made it his business