their duty to avoid giving the slightest ground of suspicion , or suffering any one to fancy that the affairs of that country were not fully attended to . He did not mean to oppose die completion of the two bills before the House , though , if he were to follow the example of other gentlemen , in stating the ground of his private opinion , he should feel embarrassed , and considerable difficulty in making up ids mind on the subject . The Mouse had no documents to ascertain whether the measure were the wisest or most proper for Ireland ; they bad no official information whether the situation of that country was such as to require coercive measures ; they had no ground on which to rest their proceedings , but the language of his Majesty 's ministers , that language generally varying , and always changing . He meant nothing ungracious to his Majesty 's ministers individually , but , as a member of Parliament , he was bound to speak his sentiments openly , and say , he could have no confidence in their administration , neither in the wisdom of their measures , nor in the activity with which they executed them . The hon . gentleman entered here into a train of severe comments on the conduct of ministers , and on their incapacity . He then adverted to the manner in which the notice of his hon . friend ( Admiral Berkeley ) had been so quickly commented on by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He had expected that his hon . friend 's observations would have met with a very different reception . That challenge which ministers had on a former day given when they deprecated a discussion by a side wind , they now had an opportunity of deciding by the proposition of the hon . Admiral respecting his hon . relation ; and tile more the House investigated the conduct of ministers , the more fully would they discharge their duty . not intend to follow the hon . member through the details of his speech , because nothing that had fallen from him appeared to him to require an answer He was anxious , however , to say a few words , which he had not before an opportunity of doing , on the observations of the 148 hon . Admiral . The hon . Admiral had given notice of a motion for certain papers , in consequence of an aspersion which he conceived to be thrown on the character of an honourable relation . His right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had distinctly stated , in answer to the hon . Admiral , that no such aspersion had been meant , either by himself , or any other member of government ; and had correctly repeated file language he had used on the occasion . The right hon . Secretary here re-stated what the Chancellor of she Exchequer had before stated in explanation , and insisted that no direct nor implied aspersion was contained in the terms used . Whatever conduct the hon . Admiral should think proper to observe , would be for himself to determine ; but after what had passed , he must bring forward his motion , n t in consequence of any aspersion on the hon . General , for whom he felt himself a very high respect as a meritorious and distinguished officer , but sis a direct charge on his Majesty 's government in Ireland , which he should be ready to meet . The right hon . Secretary wished also to state a few words , which he had omitted on a former day , in answer to an observation which had been made by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Elliot ) , by way of criticism , not of crimination , respecting the Lord Lieutenant 's going to the Park on the night of the 23d of July . The usual residence of the Lord Lieutenant was in the Park , whence he used to return every day about two o'clock