subject of fines , which opinion was directly the reverse of that which the expounders of the law had delivered into the court of King 's Bench , and which latter opinion , to the understanding and common sense of every person , must appear perfectly just . It served to shew the incapacity of ministers , and also the error into which the learned gent . had fallen , 536 when boldly giving his exposition of their wise acts.—He then alluded to the erection of beacons in the different maritime counties , and observed , that , even in that respect , ministers had shown similar incapacity . In one county in particular , not less than four different orders were given ; first , to erect the beacon : well , that was very proper to be done , but then came the question— '' who is to pay for the erection ? '' a reference in that respect was given to the county ; they refused , and the persons employed were then directed to apply to the general of the district , who was not apprized of the manner in which the correspondence was to be maintained ; so negligent had government been of the ordinary language in which these communications were tube carried on ! Then came a question , in what manner the beacon was to be erected ? To this no answer had been given.—The next point , which he considered as one of very material importance , and to which some allusion had been made on the introduction of the bill , respected the days of exercise , which he understood to be 85 . The letter of the 14th of Jan. 1804 , stated that adjutants , Serjeant majors , & c. were to be employed in training the men , for which service they were to be remunerated with permanent pay , and the pay to be guaranteed to them , as the right hon . Secretary 's letter expressly stales , by his Majesty 's confidential servants , thereby making themselves the sole executive power of the country.—The right hon . gent . then adverted to the letter of the 1st of Feb. describing the apprehensions of government respecting an immediate attack from the enemy , and containing the opinion of his Majesty 's law advisers . From the general contents of that letter , he inferred , that when once a volunteer had disclaimed the exemptions to which he might be entitled , he could not at any subsequent period claim them ; thereby conveying to the mass of the volunteers , that in case they disobeyed the opinions and wishes of government , even though under the sanction of the law , as settled by the court of King 's Bench , then the services of such corps might be discontinued at the option of his Majesty 's ministers . Having at some length critically and minutely examined the different bearings of the acts , and the letters as connected with these acts , and pointed out what he considered as the deficiencies and defects , the right hon . gent . concluded with recommending the subject to the serious attention of the House , and expressing an intention of moving for a committee to enquire into the whole of the volunteer system . spoke at some length upon 537 the subject , bat in so low a tone of voice , that he was perfectly inaudible . From what we could indistinctly collect , he seemed to approve of the system in general . complimented the noble lord upon the acquisition which the House would obtain from his talents . He perfectly agreed with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grenville ) , that the introduction of the bill would afford an opportunity to discuss the great question of the volunteer system in all its branches , and which discussion no one would be more anxious to meet than himself . Though he agreed in this particular , he must express his difference of opinion with the right hon . gent . as to