well consider how such reflections recoiled upon themselves . They should parody the celebrated answer given by the Duke of Marlborough to Marshal Tallard . If the rioters were contemptible , what were those who were near being beaten by them ? —That people flocked in upon the occasion from all the adjoining counties , and that the seeds of the insurrection were to be found distributed through three-fourths of the people of Ireland—these latter facts they had upon the authority of the highest legal officer in Ireland , ( Lord Redesdale ) a testimony , that 799 in every view was a matter of no light consideration . He should not talk here of the imprudence of these letters , nor upon the endeavour of removing the blame from the writer to those who had been instrumental in He publication . The letters could not have been published , it they had never been written ; and as to the right of publication , without discussing that question too cicely , or professing to have formed any decided opinion upon it , it did not immediately appear how a man was restrained on any principle of engagement or good faith in respect to a transaction , to which his consent had never been asked . It was by no act of a mail 's own that he received a letter : their could be no engagement , therefore , entered into , that he should not communicate that letter . What security even had he , that the writer had not previously communicated the letter , or might not at any time do so to ethers ? And , without professing to know the fact , he ( Mr. Windham ) should be glad to learn , whether those letters had not been seen by friends of the noble writers , perhaps , by Ibis Majesty 's ministers , before the time , when copies had got abroad from the hands of Lord Fingall . But even if these letters to Lord Fingall were to be considered as private , or could be made so by the mere act of the writer , and that the person receiving them was in consequence debarred the privilege of showing them to those whom they immediately concerned , the same interpretation could not well be extended to those which passed with Dr. Coppinger , the nature of which , any more than the situation of the parties , did not seem to imply any thing particularly confidential . These latter , however , were perhaps the most objectionable of all . In the former there was only the infinite absurdity and indiscretion if a correspondence , which was to offend , and prove to be retells , whether they would or no , three fourths of the population of Ireland , and to exhibit a picture , not indeed so extravagant as that which one of our poets ascribed to certain passages in another , `` Where God the Father turns a school divine , '' but where as great an indecorum was found as human affair ? could well admit ; namely , where a chancellor appeared in that character , and for the purpose of present oppression and persecution , was raking up ail the exploded controversies of more than two centuries ago his was bad enough in theology and still worse in politics . The doctrines were as false ns the promulgation 800 of them was injudicious and dangerous . But in the oilier case , there were circumstances leading to more fatal impressions of the character of the person concerned , than those even which could be derived from the strange perversion and singular imprudence manifested in the former correspondence . ; A man who could write and think of the case of father O'Neil as is done in the letters to Dr. Coppinger , must be considered as I having lost for the moment all legal ideas & and feeling . What could be thought of a person in the situation of the noble ford , the ? first law officer of the country , the great