expressed their sentiments , that what Mr. Whitebread was advancing , was not in order . ] Mr. Whitebread resumed . What lie said was strictly in order , and advanced then with a view to save the time of the House ; the penalties were applicable to the funds , ids observations were therefore in order . As to the question he reprobated the utter want of economy in the system . A large regular force might have over and over again been put in activity for ness money . In process of time , the present sources would fail ; individuals would every year become more weary or less able to pay the contributions . Speaking more immediately to the point in question , were the alternative of imprisonment , resolved on , he should prefer the shortest possible period . thought that the accumulation of fines should be prevented , as they might run up to an amount that might impede the resignation of a member when lie should so determine . referred the hon . member to a particular part of she clause , where the case was provided for by the words . expressed his opinion , that the magistrates should be vested with the power of committing to the nearest place or confinement—The clause , as amended , was then agreed to . Some discussion then took place , respecting a subsequent provision in the bill , similar to the preceding one . in some of its effect ? , but principally affecting a superior class of individuals . It was contended on the part of those who supported the bill , that those persons who were able to pay , but who from obstinacy , or other motives , did not choose to pay , should be decidedly compellable ; and with respect to those , the option of distress or imprisonment , was proposed to be left . objected to the principle , as regulated by the provisions of the bill . Though the members had agreed to the payment of certain fines , they had no idea of eventually incurring a capital punishment ; by such a regulation , the volunteer was put in a different situation from that in which he considered himself , when making his agreement . observed , that a degree of compulsion in the case under discussion was evidently necessary . They should recollect that the right of the volunteer to resign was admitted , in case he was not satisfied with the regulations . The discipline of the corps was surely necessary to be preserved ; and farther , the lines arose out of the regulations 830 agreed to by the individuals themselves . The principle was not new to this act . In the original act a provision to that effect obtained , but it was not modified by the optional power . The points at issue resolved I into two questions : the first , whether in default of distress , proceedings should be had I against the person ; the latter was certainly one in analogy to the law of the country 5 and the second , which involved the only new point , was , whether an alternative of subjecting the individual to imprisonment should be allowed , and that this was the more lenient of the two he thought had been clearly established . After considering the topic a little farther , he expressed his concurrence in the , regulation for allowing I the optional power.—Some further clauses and provisions of the bill were then agreed to without observation , when it was agreed to report progress , and ask leave to sit again . The House then resumed , and the Committee were ordered to sit again to-morrow , Adjourned . moved the order of the day for going into a committee on the Irish Duties Bill . The order having been read , the rt . hon . gent , said , that before he made any further motion upon this subject he wished to say a few words . In the course of the debate of yesterday