House to do I with the fact , whether they were freeholders or Dot ? They had no title to inquire into it . Had the petition been signed by Susan and Mary , and a number of names , not one of which , it was evident , could be freeholders or electors , still they were bound to receive the petition , if it described the petitioners in the manner provided by the act . It had been so found for him in a petition I presented by the electors of Westminster . In God 's name , what could be done under this act , but discharge the petition ? The petitioners had not even by inuendo insinuated that they had a right to vote . A person might present a petition saying he was a householder , a freeman , or any other term which he chose to adopt , but it must be impossible for the House to know that such title gave him a right to vote in any particular place for a member of Parliament . If he had stated : himself to be an inhabitant , would that hare been thought sufficient ? Would the House have gone into a question of law , and heard evidence , for the purpose of establishing such a point ? The idea was ridiculous ; but it must follow , if the enactment of the statute be not adhered to , which requires the petitioners explicitly to describe themselves as having a claim to the right of voting . He regretted that a noble lord who had been much engaged in election committees ( Lord Gienbervie ) was not in his place , that the House might have heard his opinion on the subject . If the House negatived his motion he should feel it his duty to apply for appeal of the act , that they might not have petitions flying in the face of for every day . At to the regret so pathetically expressed by gentlemen , that the petitioners should lose the opportunity of vindicating their rights merely from an accidental circumstance , that had received a very satisfactory answer from the learned Serjeant under the gallery , who had pointed out to them how frequently such foreclosures occurred in a court of justice . Notwithstanding the doubt which almost every gentleman had expressed on the subject , he must again declare his conviction , that not the most distant degree of 417 ambignity was perceptible to him on the most minute investigation of the act . As to the form , he had no objection to have the question put in the manner suggested by his hon . friend ( Air . Sheridan ) . The hardship which agreeing to the motion would throw on the people of England , he could not conceive . He had been told that Ids motion did not deserve favour it asked none . Were gentlemen to enter into the argument , they would find , that , however harsh the maxim it would still prevail that ignornntia legis non excusat . He then proposed to have the question put as suggested by Mr. Sheridan , when— rose and observed , that there was already a question before the House , and until that was disposed of , no one could , consistently with order , be received . apologised by saying , he certainly did not mean to propose any such question , without the leave of the House . [ Here there was an urgent call of Question ! Question ! ] Mr. Fox observed , he was well aware that there were many gentlemen who would vote upon this question , who were better inclined to vote for the conclusion of a syllogism , than fur the component parts of it and it was not difficult to divine how they would decide in the present case . This was what was usually termed Royal voting It reminded him of a story of Ptolemy , king of Egypt , who wanted to be extremely earned , without the trouble of much consideration