falling off of the volunteer force , it really does appear to me extraordinary to urge these apprehensions as any inducements to the House to suspend the discussion of the bill now before the House . On the contrary , whatever the defects of the volunteer system may be , it is surely at once wise and politic that a bill designed , on the spur of the moment , to remedy evils allowed on all sides to exist , should pass with the least possible interruption . Evils of a less pressing nature may afterwards come under consideration , and I am sere , Sir , that it is very far from my wish , to declare that there are not in the volunteer system , as it at present stands , many circumstances which furnish an ample field for fulure deliberation . What I now recommend and desire is , that we should on the present occasion enter on the immediate consideration of the bill , that an opportunity should be given for introducing such clauses as appear to members calculated to render it more perfect , and if we can not obviate every inconvenience , at least to do what we can , 625 to render it as much as possible applicable to the purposes for which it was framed.—So much has been already said this evening , on the subject of the volunteer force generally , that little new can be expected . In the observations contained in the very able speech of an Hon . Colonel ( Craufurd ) opposite me , there was , doubtless , Sir , a great deal of matter highly worthy of consideration . I must , however , be permitted to say , that the hon . officer carried one part of his argument against the volunteer system to an unjustifiable length . The hon . officer seemed to argue , that the volunteer force was meant to be substituted for the services of a regular army . I can not conceive on what such an idea is founded . It is certainly one which I never could for a moment have entertained . If the argument drawn from the idea that the volunteer system interferes with the recruiting of the regular army can be removed , then the objections from this source must be done away . I will take on myself then to affirm , that the volunteer system , so far from counteracting the recruiting for the regular army , has a tendency directly different . A right hon . gent , below me , ( Mr. Yorke ) , on a former evening , gave an instance , taken from the St. George 's corps of volunteers , where the number of those who had entered into regiments of the line was so great , as fully to shew the fallacy of the objection to which I have now referred . But this is far from being a solitary instance . Other examples of the same spirit are to be found in every part of the country . Such an effect is indeed to be deduced from the constitution of human nature . Mankind are the creatures of habit . Attention to military affairs begets a military spirit , and perhaps , however much to be lamented may be the propensity to contest , it is fortunate for this nation that the spirit for a military life rises in proportion to the extent of those dangers by which a military life is rendered necessary in society . No argument can therefore be drawn against the volunteer system , from any supposition of its being inconsistent with the recruiting of the regular army.—As to the question immediately before the House , the test seems to be , shall we throw out the bill altogether because it contains so little new matter , nothing either to facilitate the augmentation of the regular army , or to provide for the better organization of any other species of force ? The hon . gent , on the other side ( Mr. Fox ) says , that he can not