representative of the community at large , and for the general good . The advantages derived to the navy from this valuable class of men , was a matter worthy of serious consideration : no less than three thousand apprentices were actually bringing up on board the ships employed in the trade , for the supply of fish for the port of London . The House must see how impossible it would be for those men individually to stand , up against the high , bounties that 1051 would be offered by a wealthy company , which must deprive them of their hands , and , at the same time , not increase the quantity of fish , but transfer the profits of the trade from the industrious individuals , In whom it was now vested , and thereby destroy competition , and leave the community at the mercy of a monopolizing company . said he had a host of objections against the bill ; but two in particular , which he thought insurmountable . When so material an alteration was proposed in the existing laws , for the regulation of so important a branch of trade , some broad and palpable ground should , he thought , be laid down to shew the necessity ; but in this case , no such ground had been shewn . No advantage was proved practicable , and yet the House was called on to adopt a bill for vesting a monopoly in a new company of men , which must , in the first instance , ruin every town upon the river Thames , and upon the coasts in the vicinage of the metropolis : hence he could not agree to the bill . Another objection to it was , that it went to enable the company it proposed to incorporate to employ any number of seamen they thought necessary , and to protect them from the impress service ; he was no particular friend to the impress service , but he had no idea of giving to any particular body , but particularly a new monopolizing company , an exclusive protection , which no other branch of the British marine could be allowed to enjoy . Besides , he was well informed , that the evil stated in this bill , of an unfair price being demanded for fish at Billingsgate , did not exist . It was put up there fairly to auction to the highest bidder , and sold at the fairest price ; and to take it now out of the hands of individuals , long experienced in the trade , and interested in a competition , and place it in the hands of the Marine Society , who knew nothing of the business , would he to destroy competition and sanction monopoly . spoke in favour of the bill , and thought the best way to put the House fairly in possession of its merits , or demerits , would be to let it go to a committee for investigation . It was said , in the petitions on the table , that the bill would be injurious to the navy : but he begged to know , if our present fisheries were an useful nursery for seamen , and therefore useful for the navy , how the 1052 establishment of an additional nursery could be injurious ? The alledgment on this point , therefore , was merely assertion , and not fact . But did gent , consider , that if , as was said , 3000 apprentices were living on board the fishery ships , that the Marine-Society had sent upwards of 56,000 seamen to the navy ? Surely , therefore , some consideration was due to their institution ; and the present bill had for its object , not only to enable the Marine Society to extend the means of rearing seamen , but of lowering the price of an important article of provision to the public . Much had been said of the danger of creating a corporation , at the risk of a monopoly . He believed , however , that the