? here called the hon . gent . to order , and told him , that before he ventured to state any thing in that House as a fact applying to any member , he ought to have taken care to ascertain how far it was well founded . continued : —I assert , Sir that the sentiments of the right hon . gent , are likely to be productive of great mischief , and hold out an encouragement to the licenser of the press Indeed , from what I have heard of the right hon . gentleman 's observations , I apprehend that any man who should dare to print what the right hon . gentleman said , would be guilty of a misdemeanour . I apprehend that the man who would disparage the whole military force of his country , who would consider it as in a state of the greatest danger , and who would maintain that all we have done for our country is only likely to involve us in ruin , and is founded on a system so mistaken in its principles as to lead to destruction rather than to safety—such a man , I say , is a fit object for animadversion and censure . I do not mean to say , that the right hon . gentleman 's sentiments in that House are cognizable in a court of law , but that the repetition of such remarks out of doors would be subject to reprehension . The first matter I take into consideration is this : —we are to see what the situation of the country was when war was declared against France . Our military force was not then sufficient to put the country in a state of security ; considering the immense armies of France , and the determination of the person at the head of the French government to use means for our destruction which never were carried so nearly into effect as those that now threaten the country . At the time when the war commenced it was necessary , as we could not foresee whether the attempt would be made , that we should receive the voluntary offers of persons coming forward for the general defence . The right hon . gent . says he considers this as an armed democracy . I can not conceive how it is an armed democracy when it consists of all ranks of men , and some of the greatest and most opulent men in the country , all of whom receive commissions from the crown . When compulsory measures are resorted to , the men may desert ; when you take men by force into-the field , you can not have the same reliance upon them as when their efforts are spontaneous and free . By the present system all the influence of society are bound up toge- 293 ther ; each man is as much pledged to his companions in arms as he is to his King and Country ; each man feels he would dishonour himself , if , after having volunteered his services , he should depart from the sacred pledge he had given . On the contrary , if led out by force , he might say . I gave no pledge , I was dragged to the standard ; bet coming forward of his own accord , his honour , character , and consistency are interested , and impel him to conduct himself in such a manner as his pledge demands . With regard to the situation of volunteer corps , no man can say that a system which extends to the whole population of the country is not necessarily attended with some difficulty . No man can say , we are not in a choice of difficulties ; but the question is this , and I feel myself much in unison with the light hon . gent , over the way ( Mr. Pitt ) , at least with a very small shadow of difference . The right hon . gent , is a friend to the volunteer system , and he has furnished a