in adopting that mode of discipline . He fully agreed with the hon . Colonel , as to the extreme importance of the city of London ; and he thought that 1000 the volunteer force could render most service to the country , not by meeting the enemy on their first disembarkation , but by combating them in a desultory manner between the capital and the coast . He was not so sanguine in his expectations from the exertions of the two millions of armed peasantry . It was a fact well known to every military man , that in a battle only a certain number of troops could be employed ; and if 50 or 60,000 French should effect a landing , even 100,000 volunteers , or armed peasantry , would be as useless as two millions . explained , that he had always recommended that the armed pesantry should have some degree of training . spoke against the bill , and appealed to the Speaker , whether , in the course of his experience , he had ever known or heard of so incongruous and absurd a bill as the one before them . It had been compared , not unaptly , to a begging box , which was open to the contributions of the charitable and humane . It could not have presented more contradictory and inconsistent clauses , if the tight hon . mover of it had thrown 4 or 5 blank sheets of paper on the table , and desired the members to scribble what they pleased on them . said , that there was no man who was a more warm , strong , and zealous friend to the volunteer system than he was . He had done every thing in that part of the country where he resided to encourage and promote it ; and when difficulties had arisen in the arrangement , he informed those who referred to him , that those difficulties would be removed as soon as Parliament had taken the whole of the system under their consideration . He was sorry to find that was not the case , for he had never known so much pains bestowed to so little purpose . The bill now before the House went to paralize all the good effects that were likely to result from a proper application of the principle of bounty . Instead of giving it to the volunteers , to expend it as they pleased , it was determined by the clause in this bill , that it should be applied—how ? why to purchase great coats to shelter them , he supposed , from the heat of the dog days . He strongly objected to that clause which empowered farmers and manufacturers to make deductions from the wages of their servants , far the extra time they should 1001 employ in drilling or exercising . The consequence of that regulation , he ventured to predict , would cause a very considerable diminution of the volunteer force , for that description of men would have no inducement to continue to be members . However , although he expected no good from the measure under its present form , yet he would not carry his opposition so far as to vote against the third reading of the bill . said , he should have to trouble the House with but a few words . He entertained no doubts as to the public spirit and feeling of volunteers ; but with respect to the degree of perfection in training arid discipline , to which they , generally speaking , had arrived , he certainly had considerable doubts . The right hon . gent , had vaunted of the state of discipline which corps in a particular part of the kingdom , to the number of between 2 and 3000 men , had arrived : but were all the returns of the inspecting officers to be laid before the House , a wide difference would soon be perceived , and the number of corps fit for duty , and to act with troops of the line , would , he believed ,