field officer from the line to his corps , lie would only indicate that he was a man of common sense , and that lie was more anxious to do his duty than to be actuated by 826 trifling vanity : on the other side , if he declined such accommodation , he might be liable to censure for not doing that which he ought to do . As to any objection of economy , the saving which might arise from not pursuing the regulations he proposed , ought not to be put in competition with the advantages which would arise from its adoption . For these reasons he was still inclined to persist in urging the propositions which he had before made . said , that if the description of persons alluded to by the right hon . gent , were appointed , they might assume an importance which would be inconsistent with the general system of the corps . He instanced the volunteers of Ireland , who had had no such officers , and who had displayed the best discipline , as well as the greatest courage and zeal . objected to officers being sent from camps or other military stations in the hour of danger to discipline volunteer corps . said , his idea was , that such assistance should be at the discretion of the general of the district . said , that in the maritime districts such assistance might be provided , but with respect to the corps in the interior , they should be assisted in discipline by officers from half pay . observed that there must be good officers to make good soldiers . As to economy , it was not a question of conomizing money , but the blood and lives of the people ; it was necessary to have good officers to ensure discipline , and it was necessary to have discipline in order to ensure success ; and he would ask whether defeats were considered as cheap articles by the present administration r If an enemy were to land , the country might have reason to curse such parsimony . If the bill now before the House was made any thing of , it would be made by the minority , and not by the majority ; for if it had passed as originally brought in , it would have been one of the strong instances of the weak conduct of a feeble administration . said , he would leave to the decision of the House and the public the hon . gentleman 's charge of economy against the present administration . He objected to any measure for the introduction of field officers from the line into volunteer corps , as it would for to create dissensions amongst the officers and privates of these corps . wished to understand precisely the meaning of his right hon . friend 's 827 ( Mr. Pitt ) proposition , as he could not consent to rob the line of officers , in order to discipline volunteer corps . said , his proposition was to take officers from the half-pay , where they were useless , and to make them useful by contributing to discipline volunteer corps . deprecated the economy of ministers , as its only object was to diminish their expenses , which were to come before Parliament , whilst a greater weight fell upon the people . adverted to the erection of beacons , and instanced one in the West Riding of Yorkshire , guarded by four persons , one of whom had only one leg , another had only one arm , the third had lost the roof his mouth , and the fourth was notoriously drunken , and each of these were paid half-a-guinea per day . Yorke said , that beacons had been erected in the West Riding of Yorkshire without consulting the general of the district , Lord Mulgrave . said , they were erected by order of the general of the district . Yorke said , he had understood the contrary.—After some further observations from Lord Temple , Sir Wm . Milner , Sir Henry Mildmay