, they rested upon the highest public services , and were supported by the warm and unanimous applauses of the country . Why then have the right hon . gent. , or the hon . gent , who spoke last , changed their opinions ? Why have they altered their sentiments of the noble lord ? Has any thing occurred since to induce or justify the change ? I challenge them to take the most minute retrospect of the conduct of that noble lord since his appointment to the presidency of the Admiralty . I call upon them to retrace all his steps , and to point put one reason why he has forfeited their confidence . I mean such a reason as this House would recognise as sufficient to justify the proposed inquiry . What facts have they in their power to produce ? I am satisfied they have none , and therefore I will resist the proposition . 5 and this is the first instance 901 in which it has happened that I have felt it my duly to oppose a motion for inquiry . Indeed , on every such motion heretofore , that I recollect , particularly during the administration of the right hon . gent , by whom the present motion is submitted to the House , ample grounds were laid to demand inquiry ; but in this instance I am of opinion that the demand is unsupported , not merely by common sense , but common decency . I do not intend to attribute improper motives to the right hon . mover ; but I beg to ask him , what good can he accomplish by the production of papers respecting the state of our navy in a former war ? What are his views ? Does he mean to institute a comparison between Lord St. Vincent and Lord Spencer ? To ascertain which of the two is better qualified to manage our naval concerns ? I can not see the purpose of such a contrast . It can not tend to any good object . Indeed I am confident , that if a stranger were to observe the whole of this proceeding , he would not hesitate to pronounce that it could be only actuated by factious and party motives . This I am the more strongly inclined to believe from the statements of the gallant officer ( Sir K. Pellew ) , which was quite a satisfactory reply to all the arguments that have been advanced this evening , and a full refutation of the calumnies that have been for some time back propagated relative to the condition of our navy . In that speech , which applied as forcibly to the heart as the understanding , the hon . baronet manifested not only that sincerity and frankness which is the general characteristic of that profession of which be forms so bright an ornament , and which never fails to interest any man capable of feeling , hut also a considerable share of acuteness and judgment ; he made some very pertinent remarks upon the nature of those gun-boats which seem to be such favourites of the right hon . gent , who brought forward this motion , but of which the hon . bart . does not appear at all to approve ; and , from my own observation , I certainly am disposed to agree with that hon . baronet , who is much more competent to I judge upon the subject than the right hen , gent , or any other statesman . I am not surprised that these gun-boats should be treated with so much contempt by naval men . I have happened to see something of them myself , by accident , in the course of the last war on the south coast , and they really appeared to me to be quite unfit to render any material service in the way of attack or defence ; indeed some of them were incapable of firing a shot . It is known that out of the 120 gun- 902 boats which the right hon . gent , had in