ground of Parliamentary inquiry than that laid down by his hon . friend . Ft was really extraordinary to hear ministers resisting the production of information on a subject where the necessity of information was admitted by every description of mankind who chose for a moment to exercise their judgment . If this was not the moment for inquiry , he wished to know when that moment would arrive ? Did the noble lord mean to say that no inquiry should be made till the conclusion of the war ? If that was to be the case , the grand object of the motion would be lost . Nothing could then be gained but the punishment of the criminal party . Rat the great object was to prevent the continuance of existing disasters . Viewing the motion as founded on the clearest grounds , it had his most cordial support . thought that the hon . member who spoke last had not fully understood the force of the noble lord 's observations . To him it appeared , that from the noble lord 's statement the production of the paper in question would be attended with inconvenience , and this was a fair Parliamentary ground for refusing its production . If the description of the state of Ceylon was such as the hon . mover described it , he thought that the paper relative to this matter ought not to be produced . It could only have the effect of conveying dangerous information to the enemy . The first paper contained every thing now wanted , A time for the production of the others without inconvenience would arrive , and he trusted that this period was not very remote . was of opinion , that any argument drawn from the impolicy of giving information to the enemy was quite inapplicable . If we looked to the situation of Ceylon , it was evident that before this time , the war must have come to a crisis . Our troops must cither have prevailed , or been expelled from the settlement , or destroyed . Under existing circumstances , besides , it could not be conceived for a moment that the French government would entertain the project of sending such a body of troops to India as would endanger oar eastern possessions . He was decidedly therefore for the inquiry . The noble lord had said that govt . was in posses- 864 sion of very scanty information . This was the general complaint against the governors of all our foreign possessions . They gave such unsatisfactory details as to the most important events , that neither Parliament nor the public were able to form correct opinions on the subject . The motion was calculated to procure more information , and the hon . member who introduced it , deserved the thanks both of the House and the public . He was entitled to thanks for the motion , and the ability with which he had defended it . in explanation stated , that when he spoke of the scanty information of govt. , he alluded to the unfortunate massacre of the garrison of Candy.—Sir . W. Geary strongly supported the motion , and Mr. Wallace was against it . was astonished at the argument of on hon . general on the other side of the House . That hon . gen. had resisted the motion on a case which he himself did not allow to be in existence . His argument was , that as Ceylon was in state of weakness , it would be improper to produce documents to establish the existence of this weakness . But even while using this argument , he had denied the existence of the case on which it was founded . He himself was decidedly for the inquiry . was astonished at the sort of argument set up by ministers against the motion . It would be a very curious sort of argument for those entrusted with the management of a ship on a voyage , when a proposition was made to examine her timbers or general state , to say , that