upon the renewal of hostilities between this country and France , and chose that moment for exciting rebellion , as the most favourable crisis for patting in execution their nefarious designs . It is , indeed , clear , from all that has come to the knowledge of government , that the great object of the French government was to foster and increase treason and rebellion in Ireland , with a hope of distracting and dividing the British empire , and finally leading to the subversion of the country : but the perfidy of the enemy was defeated , and his hope was vain . With respect to the events of the 23d of July , the details are before the public , and it is I not necessary to enlarge upon then . The 67 horrid tale is known ; and , perhaps , in all the history of violence , madness , and folly which the world ever presented ; there never existed treason more foul , an insurrection more unprovoked , leaders more contemptible , assassination more atrocious , or crimes more horrible.—What followed is extremely well known : most of the leaders have been brought to justice before the ordinary tribunals , which these miscreants wished to put an end to , and exterminate ; as evidently appears by their horrible as-assination of one of the brightest ornaments of those tribunals . I hope my right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) will shortly have it in command from his Majesty , to lay the situation of the family of the much respected , and much lamented nobleman to whom I have alluded ( Kihvarden ) , before the house.—Sir , it becomes my duty to propose the continuance of the acts in question , and I hope that , as far as concerns the manner in which these acts have been made use of , there will be no objection . All the criminals have , notwithstanding the powers vested in the Irish government , been tried in the ordinary form , except in one solitary instance , where a person who endeavoured to seduce a soldier from his allegiance , was justly and properly tried by martial law . Of the necessity for these measures no man can entertain a doubt , who has taken any trouble to make himself acquainted with the state of Ireland , or who is at all aware of the views of the French government , with whom it has been a long favoured plan to attack the empire on the side of Ireland . The enemy is aware that it is only by dividing and diverting the strength of this country , that she cm insure success ; for united , the British empire single handed , is more than a match for all France . Provided parliament and government be on their guard , there is little reason to fear either foreign or domestic enemies . As to the latter , indeed , I am persuaded there are few , very few now to be found in this country . I regret that there are more in Ireland , although their numbers are greatly diminished . But let their numbers be great or small , they must be met with firmness and resolution . They must be made sensible that this house will never compromise with traitors , nor suffer them to clothe themselves with the whole armour of the law , whilst they are secretly attacking the government , and the senate , and all loyal subjects , with the concealed weapons of assassination , —I therefore move , Sir , `` that 68 leave be given to bring in a bill to continue , for a time to be limited , the suspension of the Habeas Corpus act in Ireland . '' —With most of the sentiments expressed by die right hon . gent , who has just sat down , I rise to declare my perfect concurrence ; and I am happy to feel justified in assuring the house , that the conduct of the government of Ireland since the