the hope expressed by the right hon . gent , under the gallery , I heartily join , that we shall not long confine ourselves to mere defensive war ; that so soon as circumstances favour the project , we shall proceed upon vigorous offensive war ; that we shall not always limit our glory to the mere security of our own country ; and that we shall not suffer ourselves , according to the old observation , to `` be swallowed up in the channel . '' But what description of offensive operations does the light hon . gent . deem practicable with the present construction of our armed force ? If ever the invasion of Ireland were attempted by the enemy , and that they actually landed a considerable force , would he feel it safe to send any material proportion of our regular army to that country , leaving England to the defence of the Volunteers ? I for myself should deprecate any such idea . I beg to be understood distinctly as meaning no disrespect whatever , in what I have observed , to the individuals who compose the Volunteer Corps , who are 217 deserving , I am confident , of all the regard I feel for their motives . I nevertheless think , that no abilities can possibly turn the Volunteer Corps into a regular army . Now we recommend another mode : augment your regular army . In other cases , when men are compelled to do something in haste , they do n't reason like our Ministers . When you want something done in a hurry , you do n't set about teaching the whole art or science . If you wanted to take a servant with you abroad , and would teach him a few words of a foreign language , that he might know how to order your supper , or take care of your horses , or enquire his way—suppose it was the Latin language—would you give him two or three ordinary words , such as bread , beer , & c. or send him to Eton to learn his propria qua maribus ? Those who know me , know that I have a very great respect for the study of Grammar , and that is certainly the way to make a man a scholar , though not to teach him readily to do a few necessary things . Now , what are you doing ? What is the first thing for a soldier ? Why to aim and fire . But you are tutoring men into all the punctilios of the parade , making them hold up their bodies and turn out their toes , all proper enough when there is time for it . Remember , that if the Volunteers are wanted in Dec. or Jan. so they were in Aug. or Sept . But , in September , when we were told to expect the French , how many of them had never fired a gun ( the case with great numbers of the English peasantry , & c. ) and still fewer knew how to clean it , and to take care of it ? That was your case then . But if Ministers were so miserably ill prepared in Aug. last , I confess I am obliged to suspect they now are proportionably so . You have been teaching the Volunteers a variety of matters that some of the best writers on military affairs ( Marshal Saxe for example ) consider as trifles—evolutions which had better be avoided in action . We say the Volunteers compose a main part of our national defence , and that they consist of the greater part of the young and active men . Now I want this description of persons for two other purposes ; first for the regular army , and secondly for the armed nation , not for a sort of half army , that you are to put on the top of a hill , to frighten the enemy if he should dare to land . An hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Sheridan