Bank of Ireland bill would afford , to deliver his sentiments . After expatiating generally ; upon the subject , as connected with the general defence of the country , and in other points of view , he observed , it was unnecessary to point out the propriety of having every practical information upon the subject . In that view , he should now move for the production of an Account of all cash , bank : and private paper , received in their official capacities , by the receivers general of the land-tax for the year ending the 5th of Jan. 1804 . His lordship then moved accordingly , and that the quantities of cash , batik and private paper , should be distinctly set forth , as well as the quantity received within certain given periods in the course of the year . observed , that he should be under the necessity of opposing the mo- 643 tion made by the noble lord on two grounds ; 1st , it not appear to him likely to produce the information sought for . The production of these papers , if obtained , would is a very imperfect criterion of the respective proportion of cash , bank notes , and private paper cow in circulation , and , therefore , the motion appeared inadequate to its own purpose . At the same time , in order of this kind , issuing from government , would ere ate great apprehension throughout the kingdom , and might occasion a great run on private Banks . On the subject now before , the House , namely , the Irish bank restriction bill , it could not be necessary . There was , indeed , another subject of which the noble lord Lad given notice ( an inquiry into the circulation , of private paper in England ) , to winch it might have some reference , but , before the motion could he agreed to , it would be necessary to consider , whether the inquiry to which it led , was or was not expedient at the present juncture . Whatever might be its utility at any other period , his lordship was convinced , that at this period in could have no beneficial purpose ; and when the inquiry should be moved for , he had no doubt he should be prepared to meet the noble lord on that subject . Such being his opinion , he conceived the motion either useless or injurious , and therefore should be under the necessity of opposing it . expressed his surprise that the coble lord should so confidently pronounce on the inferences which he might attempt to draw from the accounts he had moved form and it was the first time he had heard the production of papers opposed , which tended to give information to that House , because his Majesty 's ministers did not draw the same conclusion from them which was sought to be established by the mover . Equally astonished was he , that when the question was on the propriety or impropriety of continuing the restriction on the Bank of Ireland , which necessarily involved the consideration of the comparative issue of paper in both countries , that his Majesty 's ministers should refuse the House a document so necessary to the foil and just investigation of the subject before them . As to the noble lord 's disapprobation of bringing forward the motion of which he had given notice previous to the recess , that surely would have to tendency on the present question . His lordship 's arguments on the occasion seemed to be , `` I will not let the House have documents en a point immediately before them , be cause these documents may have some bearing on an inquiry of which I disapprove , and which may hereafter be moved 644 for . '' With respect to the alarm throughout the country , referred to by the noble lord , his lordship said he wished to put it fairly and directly to the hearts of their lordships , whether any thing would create