city of Dublin was informed of it , pray was he directed to communicate it to the Lord Major ? If he was , he did not execute his orders . Was there any one civil magistrate active on the occasion ? And yet it was afterwards insinuated that blame lay where there was not the smallest reason to lay it , and the Lord Lieut , wishes for a new appointment of the commander-ship in chief . I have heard of other and very different reasons . The press in Ireland , though not so much enslaved as at Fans , is , I believe , not so unshackled as it is here , and is not very likely to convey to the world that which is thought to be disagreeable at the Castle . Well , Sir ; from this press , a paragraph has made Us appearance , slating , `` that the Commander in Chief was the brother to Mr. Charles Fox , of the English House of Commons , that he was first cousin to the Duke of Leinster , and , of course , was related to the late Lord Edward Fitzgerald . '' This , Sir , was a strange offence , if , indeed , it was an offence at all . No man of Gen. Fox 's rank has , I believe , mixed less , at any time , in the politics of the day . What could be the true cause of his recal , I know not ; for I , who am no judge of military matters , must , setting aside feelings of relationship , consider him to be a good officer , after his recent appointment . What , then , was it that induced the Lord Lieut , and his Majesty 's ministers to act with such unexampled , such unaccountable caprice ? I say there must have been some scandalous inattention at the Castle . Strange conduct ! They are actuated only by the dread of giving alarm . From morning till night they do not seem afraid of riot and murder , but of giving alarm . I , for my part , wish the citizens of Dublin had been alarmed , and then there might have been some safety . But why all this fear of alarm ? Why , but because there was a charm which they feared would be broken . Why , but because the friends of government had been crying out here last spring— '' All 's safe ! All 's well ! '' and then were afraid of the idea of danger . `` This will spoil all our story , and we shall never be believed again . If the danger goes off we are safe . There has been no alarm ; if danger breaks 224 out we must run the risk ; but we will take our chance for it '' —There is another subject of a still higher nature , on which I feel it my duty to say a few words ; I mean , the situation of the Heir Apparent of the Crown . Last session , we understood , he had made very handsome offers of his services to government . Not only were they then not accepted , but nothing since , it appears , has been done to soothe his mind , or carry into effect his liberal and honourable offer . I shall hear , that this matter is dependent on the . prerogative of the Crown . Who questions it ? But are we to understand from that , that the King 's will is every thing , and the public opinion nothing ? This may be very good doctrine , but I must say lam too old to learn it . I should think this a subject on which I may claim a right to observe , because I consider the active services of the Prince of Wales of great importance in our present situation , for exciting the spirit of the country , and , therefore , is being a material part of