going into the committee on Wednesday , and that the bill should pass through all its stages in the present week it was necessary that a bill of such import- 566 ance to the country should be no longer delayed . hoped , that some better information would would have been given on the exertions of the admiralty , than Steel 's Monthly Navy List . hoped , that when the House should come to estimate the sufficiency or insufficiency of the measures adopted for the defence of the country , they should not be told to look to a comparison of the present with this or that year , but to the means in the hands of his Majesty 's ministers . He was surprized to hear the right hon . gent , rest the defence of the board of admiralty upon the former of these two grounds ; and he thought he gave a proof of his candour , when he asserted that the board of admiralty ought to be tried by the state of the country , compared with the means in possession of government , and not by any other rule . The right hon . gent , had apologised for our naval force being lower than it ought to have been , an account of their being few landsmen . He feared , therefore , that the volunteer system was defective , as interfering with our naval defence , which was of paramount importance to the country . Upon the subject of the attorney general 's opinion , the right ; hon . gent , had asked what would have been said of ministers should they have concealed it ? To this he should simply answer , that there was no occasion to suffer that opinion to be acted upon to the great hardship and inconvenience of innocent individuals . If ministers thought it wrong , as they now confessed , instead of circulating , they should have remedied . They had an opportunity ; to do so , for upon the occasion of the bill alluded to , he said it was easy for them to have added a clause to remove that which they now acknowledge to have been a hardship , and contrary to the idea of what the law ought to be . He should not , however , at that late hour , go at length into the question . He hoped , however , that a serious inquiry would be made into the state of our preparations for defence . We had been nearly 12 months at war , but that was not the whole time that must be fairly allowed for preparation . It was admitted that the period that preceded it , was only a suspicious truce , and consequently requiring means and precautions for the safety of the country . Upon I such inquiry he feared our situation , though it might not afford ground for serious alarm and apprehension , would not be found of that strength and security which he had a right to expect . said , he had heard only 567 general assertions against the admiralty , but no specific charge . He should be happy to meet any precise charges , and to go into a real inquiry whenever it was thought proper . The low rate of insurance , he thought , was the best proof ( hat the admiralty had done its duty.—The bill was then read a second time , and committed for Wednesday . rose , to give notice , that he should , on Wednesday se'nnight , move for the production of papers respecting the conduct of the Irish government in the late rebellion in that country Having waived his former notice , became necessary for him now to renew it.—The other orders of the day were then read and dispoved of.—Adjourned at four o'clock on Tuesday morning . rose to call the attention of the House to a circumstance which he deemed of great importance , and well worthy the notice of Parliament . Pie alluded to the practice which prevailed of paying certain officers