, from the urgency of the times , the volunteers were expected to conform . I am , Sir , a warm friend lo the volunteer system , which I think better calculated than any other to effect the security of the country , at the least possible expense ; and instead of exhibiting that shattered mansion of which we have just heard , I am confident , that , with proper support , it will form such a bulwark , as to render the country capable of setting every attack at defiance . rose to advert to one particular point in the speech of the right hon . Secretary , that for authorizing the deputy lieutenants of counties , to make the quarters for the militia and army of reserve , heavier in the districts which had not raised a certain proportion of volunteers . This was^ a point not to be considered lightly , and Parliament should pause before it came to any general resolution upon it ; so should the 453 right hon . gent , before he proposed any general measure . In the county to which he belonged ( Stafford ) , the volunteer service was at present nearly confined to the northern and north we tern districts . The inhabitants of the southern and south-western districts , were not deficient in zeal or unanimity ; lie did not know a man among them , v , he was not ready to come forward , without requiring any exemption They had made their offers in due time , and if those offers were not attended to , he thought those who made thorn were not to be considered as having been deficient ; and , therefore , she House should be cautious or corning to any resolution , which would involve them , or persons In similar circumstances . rose to reply to some observations which had been offered in disapprobation of the principle proposed by his bill . But first , in answer to what had fallen from the hon . baronet , he said , government , hi the distribution of the volunteer armed force , had acted as the exigencies of the public service seemed to require , or as local circumstances rendered necessary . `` With respect to the condition upon which an hon . gent opposite to him ( Mr. Whitbresd ) had stated the volunteers , generally , to have offered their Services , namely , that of having the privilege continually of electing their own officers , he denied that stub , a principle ever was recognized by government . It was possible that the lord-lieutenants of counties , to whom such offers of service were first tendered , might not always transmit the tenders to his Majesty 's Secretary of Slate , in the precise words in which such tenders were originally made ; but certainly , since lie had the honour of coming into an official department of his Majesty 's government , he had no recollection of any offer made or accepted upon any such principle . There had come , from many populous towns and districts , tenders of service upon the principle of chusing and recommending their own officers 5 but government , without a breach of the military principle , could do no more than connive at the custom , which though they might have done if , was never meant as an ackowledgment of that as a general principle which was contrary to the spirit of military law : and certainly , since he had the honour of filling a situation in the military department of administration , he knew of no offers of service accepted upon such conditions as those of continuing to elect their officers , after the formation of the corps was first completed . The distinction to be taken between the first agreement amongst the mem- 454 bers of a corps to associate for the purpose I of offering their service in the public defence , and recommending , from amongst I their number , the persons whom they wished to be officers , to be approved