gent , concluded with-saying , that both as a member of Parliament , slid as a magistrate and country gent , and in every situation , he had been a friend and zealous supporter of 330 the volunteer system , and therefore he could not help feeling himself hurt , by having imputed to him a mischievous speech . disclaimed all idea of imputing to the right hon . gent , any intention of creating mischief by his speech , but he did think that it would have that tendency but for the explanation which followed . He was glad he had started this conversation , because it had produced a declaration that would do away any uneasiness which the volunteers might have felt on the subject of alteration in the terms of their continuance as a body , but now it was openly declared that no alteration could ever take place by the terms on which they entered , without affording them the option to withdraw if they disapproved of such alterations , losing , of course , by so doing , all the exemptions they are now entitled to . Such a declaration was necessary to be made , for it set at rest much uneasiness that might have followed . observed , that so much had been said on the matter of exemption of volunteers , it was needless for him to add any thing , especially as upon that subject there was no difference of opinion . Now , as that was the leading and the only part of this bill that was pressing in point of time , he should submit to his right hon . friend , whether the remaining part of the bill might not as well be deferred until after the recess , to allow gentlemen time to turn it in their minds , and to prepare for its future discussion , for it was not proposed that that part of the bill should begin to operate until the month of May next . If any thing that amounted to a breach of good faith could possibly be proposed , which he was assured there could not , by any member of administration , he was sure the House would never assent to it , but perhaps there was no use in dwelling on this measure further now , if his right hon . friend would adopt his suggestion , in postponing the latter part of the bill . said , it was a fact , that the last Volunteer Act clashed with the army of reserve . If that act had not passed , the 50,000 men would have been long since completed . in further reply to Sir W. Young , begged leave most completely to differ from the right hon . baronet , as he was thoroughly convinced that the volunteers , instead of taking any advantage of their situation , were , upon all occasions , actuated by the purest and noblest motives of loyalty , patriotism , and public spirit ; they were a body of men whose valour and 331 disinterestedness conferred an honour on themselves , and shed a lustre on their country : —to see men of rank , independence , and elevated characters enrolling themselves in the ranks of their country , was , in his opinion , a circumstance which conferred the greatest honour en any age or nation . said a few words on the danger of giving the volunteers the option of withdrawing their services . said , that in the last war he . had a corps of 150 men . On calling them together in April last , when he got permission to raise a second corps of 350 men , he found that 30 of them had entered into the King 's service . Since that , several had gone in the same manner , either into his Majesty 's service , or as substitutes into the militia , the supplementary militia , or the army of reserve ; and though be might have some regret at losing a good soldier , he never thought himself at