, therefore , not to listen to any proposition which can have the effect of embarrassing public business , or augmenting that anxiety , necessarily arising out of the present circumstances of the country . His Majesty 's servants in calling for this conduct on the part of the House , are far from wishing to shrink from that responsibility , which must necessarily attach to their present policy . They have endeavoured to combine and compare the different circumstances in the state of the empire . On the one hand , they have thought of their calls of duty to the Sovereign , without for a moment losing sight of the still more imperious duty of consulting the safety of the empire : . It is not their wish to delay any communication , longer than necessity appears to require . They are anxious that premature information should not be pressed for , and they throw themselves on the candour of Parliament , subject to the gravest responsibility . To press such a communication at present , would , in my opinion , be unreasonable . To produce it under existing circumstances , appears to his Majesty 's servants equally indecent and unwarrantable . They feel , that in with-holding it they act in a manner which 517 their conscience approves , and they are convinced , that , had they acted otherwise , their conduct would have been universally condemned . It really , Sir , does appear to me extraordinary , that , whatever the opinion of gentlemen may be as to the necessity of a communication , they should endeavour to press the question of adjournment , at a crisis so full of interest , and so pregnant with danger . If a communication is considered as important , surely this is not the best mode of obtaining it . It will not be denied , that at such a moment as this , it would be highly inexpedient to interrupt the regular business of the legislature . If the country is in a state of danger , then it surely behoves Parliament to display more than common watchfulness and activity . So much , indeed , was I impressed with the imperious necessity of this House being assembled from day to day , that when I moved , on Friday last , that the adjonrnment should extend to Monday , I had almost prepared myself for some opposition . The motion of the hon . baronet does , therefore , greatly surprise me . It seems to have no sort of connexion with the question first submitted to the House , and I trust that on the present occasion it will not be entertained . I feel it important that the House should continue sitting ; and how the hon . baronet , opposite to me , who is so desirous of a communication being made to the House , who calls so earnestly for information , can reconcile it with a motion for adjournment ; I leave him to explain . I hope now , that the motion for the second reading of the volunteer bill , will be carried , there being no circumstances to justify any further delay of that measure . —Sir ; I had not the good fortune to be in the House when the hon . baronet made his motion , and I am not quite sure that I now perfectly understand what the object of it is . I have , however , been informed , that the hon . baronet has made a motion for an adjournment , and that the ground he assigns for it is , that no regular communication has been made to the House upon a subject which so much interests the feelings of all classes of the community . I confess , that whatever opinion I may entertain upon the whole of that critical and anxious situation in which the country is now placed , and a more critical and anxious one never existed in the history of this country , I can not think that the motion for an adjournment is