that a great many inconveniences , if not serious evils , arise from it . One of these was , that where great commercial bodies , or great manufactories were established , 2nd any embarrassment occurred among them , the proprietors immediately applied to Parliament for relief . The great inconvenience and mischief of this plan , therefore , was , that it gave a sort of security to people , which made them not trust to themselves , and encouraged them to rely upon the public security in the worst that could happen . I shall do , the persons who were then , and those who are now engaged in the places that rendered it their immediate concern to attend to these things , the justice to say , that they gave every discouragement consistent with prudence and propriety to applications of this sort . But it is a fact , that much mischief would result from a scheme of this nature , in teaching people to rely upon public security instead of their own exertions . Bankruptcies might thus , in some instances , be prevented ; but , in the natural course of things , great , extensive , and ill founded speculation would bring on bankruptcies , which , in fact , are the natural correctives that apply to such evils . In such cases , therefore , the public ought not to interfere . Upon the whole , without giving any decided opinion as to his lordship 's remedies , I may say that , at present , I do not perceive that they apply to the evils proposed to be remedied , and that it appears to me , in fact , that the evil itself , if it be an evil , does not arise from the cause to which his lordship a-scribes it . said , that notwithstanding his objections to the present measure , and the general reasoning by which it was supported , he had been much gratified by severed par s of the noble Secretary 's speech . He had heard , with very great pleasure , the noble lord 's distinct admission , that the principle of the bill was radically vicious , his declared repugnance to all legislative interference on subjects of this nature , and Its avowal that such measures could be justified only by the most urgent necessity . Such public admissions , from the persons who proposed these measures , were highly important at all times , but more particularly at present ; when , from their frequent repeti- 315 tion for the last seven years , there was some cause of apprehension , lest the practice of assenting to such acts , upon the mere suggestion of the minister , might acquire the sanction of precedent , and become the regular and established usage of Parliament . His lordship said , that having so often troubled the House upon this subject , and so lately in the Committee on this bill , he would not now enter at large into the question ; but confine himself principally to some of those incidental topics which had been introduced in the course of the discussion . The only argument of the least weight ? which he had heard , either in or out of Parliament , in support of the measure , was the probability of great public embarrassment , from the demand upon the Bank for specie in case of invasion . But it was acknowledged , that the present measure had already , in point of fact , produced some of those very inconveniencies which were the objects of so much apprehension . Complaints had been made in another place , that a large proportion of the current coin had been withdrawn from circulation by selfish individuals , who preferred their private security to the public welfare ; and the patriotism of the country had been loudly called upon , to put a stop to what had been termed the infamous practice of boarding . He entirely agreed with the noble lord who had opened this debate , as to the folly