away . It is necessary , therefore , to give it that consistency and vigour which will keep it alive when the pressure which first produced it has subsided . Thus , even were the enemy suddenly to resume his design , we should be round prepared to meet and to defeat the enterprize.—It is the duty of the House , therefore , to devise means for attaining this end . The House , thinking for the people and providing for their welfare , will adopt suitable measures , to give permanent system to this measure of defence , instead of trusting that the pint of the people will supersede the duties of the government . Let us be or : our guard that no temporary or apparent abandonment of the meditated attack shall induce us to disarm . It would be advisable , that whenever the volunteers become too few in any district , the compulsory act of last session for calling out and disciplining the people , should be put in force . Care must be taken likewise that the volunteers shall fulfil the intention of the legislature in their efficiency as well as number . Regulations must be established by summary fines to secure attendance , and provisions made for enforcing discipline and inducing military habits . Exemptions should not be allowed but where these conditions are complied with , and no person should be allowed to withdraw from a corps without permission of the commander , or without finding a substitute of proper military age . These points I merely hint at , as they are matters of detail that may be afterwards discussed , and are less pressing than those to which I have . particularly called the immediate attention of the Committee . If I am right , however , in my general ideas respecting the allowance of officers to volunteer corps , the execution of this measure admits of no delay . I am strongly inclined , therefore , to move a resolution for granting 500,000l for this object.—Before I sit down , I wish to say a few words respecting the exemptions to which volunteers are entitled . It appears that what is understood to be the law on this subject is not what the legislature intended . As the law stands , however , no exemption is allowed unless the person claiming it produces a certificate that he has attended 24 drills previous to the 21st of Sept . But there are many who have attended twice that number 197 of drills without having such a certificate , and therefore would be subject to the ballot . If any doubt remains as to the exemptions , it is hut right that the legislature should pass an act clearing it up , that those who were influenced by the prospect of exemptions , which they conceived were held out to them , may not have cause to complain that they were deceived by the ambiguity of the acts of parliament . There is another point . The law says , that to entitle to exemption the volunteers claiming it must have been exercised with arms ; yet in some places it was impossible to procure arms ; nor am I surprised at it , considering the great and sudden demand for supplying the Army of Reserve and the great number of volunteers throughout the country . Yet , in such cases , it surely would be unreasonable to refuse the exemption when the claimants had actually learnt many very important , and perhaps some of the most tedious parts of discipline without arms . It surely would be hard , then , that people in this situation should be liable , to the ballot during the Christmas holidays , when by the spirit of the Acts of Parliament , they ought perhaps , in preference to others , to be exempted.—These few observations I have thought it ray duty to submit to the Committee , feeling a most anxious wish to avoid every topic that could interfere with the consideration of what is necessary to the public defence , and at ill