and other members , the clause was agreed to . suggested that it would be better to give an option in case of non-payment , either to levy the fine by distress , or to inflict imprisonment for two or three days or a week , as the distress might be injurious to the family of the person distressed upon . was for extending the imprisonment to a fortnight . thought the imprisonment of the individual would be more injurious to his family than levying the fine by distress . explained , that the idea was , to vest a discretionary power in the Magistrate , to imprison , suppose for a week , in the default of distress . strongly recommended the allowing a certain number of days , at the expiration of which , if the penalties were not paid , the Magistrate should have the power of committing in the case of default . contended , that the optional power proposed to be given to the Magistrates , proceeded on the most humane and liberal principle that it was possible to introduce into a case of pecuniary penalty . proposed the introduction of 828 a clause , in substance enacting , that in case of a refusal or neglect to pay the fine after a given number of days , it should then be lawful for the Magistrate to commit , & c. spoke shortly in support of the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's idea in favour or the mode of distress , as imprisonment would evidently prevent the individual from earning the accustomed provision for his family . said , he was inclined to make the opulent private pay in his purse ; but would not resort to imprisonment , except where it was indispensably necessary . The proceeding of distress , he thought one of extreme oppression ; but as some principle of compulsion must obtain , he thought the option of distress or imprisonment should be given . With respect to the application of these penalties , they were to go to the common fund of the different corps for defraying the necessary expenses , & c. But , in observing upon this point , he must repeat what he had said thereon on a former occasion ; he thought it would be a sounder and more manly policy to come forward at once and provide for the payment of such expenses out of the public purse ; as he predicted , for want of certain and unfailing funds , the greater number of the corps would fall to pieces and cease to exist . This he said , to a certain degree , was exemplified by the instance of one of the City corps , where , out of the requisite sum of about 11,000l . he understood 7 or 8,000l . or some very large sum remained due.—Several corps were destitute of the most necessary articles . It was now of little consequence , whether the plan of subscription was originally a wise measure . He thought it , now at least , very improper they were providing for a permanent system in the bill . As that was the case , let them do it with their eyes open , let them not blink the genuine question ; they should contemplate the danger as it ought to be viewed . There were many articles of expense absolutely necessary to be incurred in respect of the volunteer corps : keeping the arms clean and in repair , was one of the principal items the payment of the drummers was another indispensable requisite : he wished to know whether that was to be provided for out of any particular fund ? There was more money thrown away in respect of the volunteers since their institution than would set on foot an immense regular force : let the ; private subscriptions and annual contributions be calculated , and see what an immense aggregate they would amount to 829 The present system was one of the most profuse and extravagant that was ever yet broached . Here one or two member 's rose , and