be correctly informed upon the subject ; he had reason to think , that several of those who were deeply engaged in traitorous machinations against the constitution and unity of these kingdoms , differed materially among themselves as to the plan most expedient to be pursued . Some urged the expediency of an immediate rising , while others preferred waiting for the assistance or co-operation of France . The explosion , therefore , had prematurely broken forth . He sincerely wished , however , that the hopes held out in the speech , that those who had been unhappily misled into the paths of treason and rebellion , would , by comparing the effects of that mild and lenient system of government under which they had the good , fortune to live , 10 with those of that tyrannical and unprincipled usurpation to which they were about to commit their country , would be induced to return to their allegiance , and to habits of tranquillity . Added to this consideration , he trusted the disaffected in that country would be kept down by the strength and vigilance of the Irish Volunteer force . Of that body of men , he could speak in terms of well founded panegyric : he had seen them , and steadier and better disciplined troops were no where to be found : they were confidently to be relied upon : it was not foe review and parade alone that they were calculated , they had been weighed in the balance of actual service , and proved themselves not to be deficient . Here the noble earl adverted to the militia force of the United Kingdom , and avowed himself convinced , as he had done on a former occasion , of the superior policy of reciprocal service . After viewing the effects of the militia system as it now stood , he expressed his wish that these forces , of every part of the United Kingdom , were enabled by law reciprocally to volunteer their services . With respect to the militia of Ireland , he argued for the superior policy of employing them partially , at least , in this country . Such a measure would be , he seemed to think , in strict consonance with the spirit of the union . There might exist an aversion on the part of the English and Scotch militia to crossing the sea ; but he repeated his opinion , that with respect to the Irish militia , they would , if brought to this country , behave as well as any troops possibly could.—His lordship then entered upon the consideration of the remaining topics of his Majesty 's speech . In regard to the pecupecuniary part of it , he must anticipate the most perfect unanimity , with respect to the affording the necessary supplies under the present circumstances.—In regard to the convention lately entered into with the King of Sweden , it had his hearty approbation , conceiving it was grounded on principles , which would tend to do away those embarrassments which heretofore obtained on the trade of the respective countries ; and , further , he was of opinion it would have the desirable operation of counteracting the effects of the armed neutrality . In former contests Great Britain had been greatly annoyed by disputes about the maritime law , and the rights of neutral nations trading with belligerent powers ; but this convention adjusted every difference that had arisen , concerning the interpretation of the treaty which defined our maritime right in . these cases.—He had to apologize to their 11 lerdships for trespassing so much upon their attention . Yet , there was one other point , respecting which he could not possibly refrain from offering a word or two ; namely , that part of his Majesty 's most gracious speech , wherein he expressed his determination personally to come forward in defence of the honour of his crown , and the liberties and independence of his faithful people . To a communication of this nature , he trusted there was no heart so cold , or feelings