Lord Hood 's fleet at the time the French ships were taken possession of , were unquestionably entitled to their share of this prize money , but none of the troops which arrived at Toulon subsequent to that transaction . thought that there was no doubt that soldiers in the situation on board described by the hon . admiral , would , in the distribution of the prize-money , be considered as marines . declined to give any opinion upon the general question impli- 1072 cated in this motion , as it canoe to be de cided upon by him in other circumstances ; but with respect to the subject alluded to by his right hon . friend who spoke last , he stated that soldiers serving an board the fleets were entitled to their share of prize money as marines . considered this a question of much importance . He would ask , whether , if the Bourbon family should be restored to the throne of France , this House might not be again called upon to give a remuneration for those ships . He thought such a claim in such an event not improbable , and for that and other reasons stated , he would oppose the motion , and move the previous question.—This motion was considered irregular in a committee . observed that Lord Mulgrave was at Toulon , and asked if it was intended in the proposed distribution of this prize-money that his lordship should share as a marine ? The hon . member said , that he understood there were 4 regiments of land forces at Toulon , who were entitled to their proportion of this remuneration . said , there were only 2 regiments serving as marines . observed , that the force which was at Toulon under gen. O'Hara , arrived after the ships were captured , and therefore had no claim to any of this money proposed to be voted . thought the result of all the discussion was this , that the House could not now come to any decision upon the subject , and considering this question exceedingly complicated , he wished that further time should be allowed to examine its details ; so fully persuaded was he of the necessity for such time , that if any hon . member would move the chairman should leave the chair , he would support him . rose , and moved that the chairman should leave the Chair.—This motion was negatived without a division , and the original motion was carried . The House resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . moved the consideration of his Majesty 's message , relative to the offers made by several regiments of Irish militia to extend their services to this country . said , he did , not 1073 mean to oppose the motion ; but this was a subject of very great importance at any time , and more so at the present ; it was a subject that was likely to involve principles that must naturally excite the jealousy of those who were attached to the constitution . He would not take up more of the time of the House at present , as he did not know what measures ministers meant to found upon this message ; but he could not help expressing the jealousy he felt upon the subject . said , that it gentlemen had any objections to state to this measure , they ought to state them at once ; but if they did not know what the measures to be proposed were , it would be as well to wait till they did , before they expressed their objections.—The order of the day was then read , and the Speaker having read his Majesty 's Message , rose , and addressed the House to the following effect.—Sir ; in calling the attention of the House to the message of his Majesty , which has been just read , I conceive that there can exist very little doubt of the general concurrence of the House in carrying to the foot of the Throne their