question was , whether you would use pikes or muskets ? there could be no choice . But when it is , whether you will have the pike or nothing ; whether a battalion of rive or six hundred men armed with muskets , will be the stronger for the adddition of an equal number of pikemen , or is as well without them ? then I say , Sir , that the officer who rejects such a reinforcement as useless , must either be totally ignorant of military history , or must have a very mean opinion of the valour of his countrymen.—Sir , when we recollect what has been done by other men , without the advantage of fire arms , why should we doubt that Englishmen should do the same . I have already alluded to what was done by the Vendéans ; who , disregarding the enemy 's fire , used to run up to their cannon with an impetuosity which the Republicans could not resist . And do we not recollect that , in our own country , a body of undisciplined Highland peasants , throwing away what few fire arms they had , and trusting only to their broadswords , charged and completely defeated a superior body of regular troops ? A similar instance , not perhaps so generally known , occurred in the year 1794 , in the northern part of Bengal , when the Seiks had made an irruption into that province . Twelve battalions of our Seapoys , who are as well armed and disciplined as the Europeans , and were well provided with artillery , were attacked by a body of the Selk infantry . These , like the Highlanders , threw down their matchlocks , drew their swords , and charged the Company 's 594 troops ; and although the victory was ultimately gained by the latter , yet that part of the line against which this attack was directed was completely cut to pieces . Therefore , I ask again , why should we suppose that Englishmen could do nothing with pikes in their hands , when so much has been achieved by other men with no better weapons ? Let us endeavour to rouze them to imitate that great example of heroism , given to the world by the Vendéan peasants . They had , indeed , a great and noble cause to contend for ; but ours is greater still . They were lighting for their king , their laws , and their religion ; but we in addition to all these powerful inducements to exertion , have also to contend for our independence as a nation , against a foreign enemy who aims at our subjugation . And although no man , I trust , is more loyally and w rally attached to his Sovereign and to the monarchy than I am ; though no man has a more complete abhorrence of the French revolution than I have ; yet if ( which God forbid ) it was decreed that our monarchy should be overthrown , I declare to God , that would rather be the slave of an Englishman as vicious as Robespierre himself , if such a monster could be found , than of a Henry the 4th , or the best man that ever sat upon the throne of France . I say , then , that the people of this country have still greater objects to contend for than the Vendéans ; and I can have no doubt of their displaying as much valour , if you put arms into their hands arid Like the proper means to rouse then enthusiasm , —air , although I have troubled the House so long , I must beg leave to say a few words upon another part of the present volunteer system , I mean the committees.—It is notorious that committees do exist ; yet in this bill , which is meant as a consolidation and final adjustment of the laws respecting volunteers , no notice is taken of then whatever ; an omission which I think may be attended with very bad