was contended that Parliament would be guilty of a breach of faith , if the volunteers were deprived of their exemptions : but was it not a breach of faith with the volunteers , when the number of days which they were obliged to drill , in order to obtain those exemptions , were changed from 20 to 44 . The right hon . gent , had placed great reliance upon a comparison of the force in G. Britain now , and in the former war : but was the danger the same ? was the whole force of France directed against this country ? If it was not , it was absurd to revert to precedents in former wars . He still retained the opinion he had expressed of the advantage that would result from an armed peasantry , because , instead of 400,000 men , you would then have two millions ; but now , with the exception of the army , the militia , and the volunteers , there was not a man armed in the country . Before he sat down , he wished to ask ministers , whether they really expected the invasion , or they did not ? If they did , he believed there never was an instance of a country left in such a state of defence , when such a powerful invasion was expected : if they did , he thought they ought immediately to set about some measures for its future security . wished to advert to a few points that had been taken notice of by the hon . gent , who had 999 just sat down , The opinion of Lord Moira , which he had formerly stated , he had received not confidentially , but merely from the public returns of the noble Lord . The opinion of General Simcoe he had given on the same grounds as stated in his return for the division which he commanded . The testimony of the persons to whom he had alluded were well known , and might be regarded as very good authorities for the opinion which he had supported of the efficicency of the volunteers . said , that when the General Defence Act had been first introduced in that House , he was the first , and he believed the only man , who strongly recommended the plan of employing an armed peasantry . He regretted that his idea had not been adopted , but the country was to make the best they could of the system as it stood . He would not agree with an hon . Colonel near him , as to the degree of discipline that was necessary in the volunteer corps . It had been pleasantly quoted , that `` A little learning is a dangerous thing , '' That certainly he could have no objection to , as a line from Pope ; but the , maxim was neither very convenient nor very practicable in the occurrences of private life . There were many avocations , in which he would rather employ persons who knew something of their trade , than those who were utterly unacquainted with the first principles of it . It was no easy matter to define what military discipline was ; but if it consisted , according to his ideas , in knowing the use of a musquet , in being able to march with steadiness and precision , and in certain habits of obedience and regularity , inseparable from a military life , that degree of discipline he thought the volunteers capable of ; and he was happy to find that , to a certain extent , they had attained it . Even that portion of discipline that could be acquired by a few persons assembling in a room , and learning at the , word of command eyes right , and eyes left , would be attended with no little advantage ; and if it should be ever found necessary to habituate the volunteers to a looser manner of spreading themselves over , or getting through a country , they would not have much difficulty