so as to know precisely their provisions in the manner the law required He therefore thought it right to prefer this bill for the purpose of explaining those acts in that part where explanation was most immediately necessary . The bill which he meant to prefer would go only to regulate the exemptions . There were other points also , he was aware , which required explanation , and it might perhaps be necessary to go into an entire review of the volunteer system , in order to correct and strengthen it ; but as this should be done not hastily , but with mature consideration , he thought it better to defer it till after the recess . The object of the bill he meant to propose would be , first to enable such commanders of corps as had not given in their returns to give them in now , and to provide that the certificate of such commander should be effectual to secure the benefit of die exemption to the individual . This exemption extended equally to the militia and the army of reserve . The return should specify , whether the men attended with arms and otherwise accoutered , so as to be considered as effective ; if he attended without arms , there was to be a special return , stating the reason why , and this special return , and the certificates founded upon it , should also give a title to the exemptions . It was extremely advisable , while the exemptions were secured to every person who was entitled to them , to do every thing that could be done to prevent abuses arising from too much relaxation : he thought it necessary to provide that from the 1st of May next , 24 days regular attendance in training and exercise 236 should be required , to give a title to the exemptions . The former of the acts which the bill would go to explain and amend , being passed in time of peace , required only five day ? . It would be obvious to the House , that a longer attendance would be necessary in time of war , and particularly in such a war as the present , than in time of peace . He proposed therefore , that 24 days attendance should be required of the infantry , and 12 of the cavalry . The returns would be made three times a year , and therefore 8 days in every four months would be required of the infantry , and four days of the cavalry . He concluded with moving for time to bring in a bill to explain and amend the said acts . was sorry the right hon . gent , was not prepared at present with any measures to enforce the continuance of the service , of the volunteers . The danger was , that many of them as soon as the present ballot was over , would attend no longer , and thus being lost to the militia and the army of reserve , would be lost also to the volunteer corps . He wished therefore , that the present measure were coupled with some general regulations for the corps . He thought it wise in ministers to be as saving of the public money as was consistent with the public interests , and the public safety , but at the same time he thought it would be wise to enter on some general plan for the improvement of the volunteer corps . He did not think that the plan proposed last night ( by Mr. Pitt ) would go down . The volunteer officers were pledged to their corps to accompany them where ever they should be ordered , and of course they would not tike that a field officer should be put over their heads , neither would the appointment of such an officer be agreeable to the volunteers who composed the corps . He thought it would be much better to give serjeant-majors and adjutants in greater numbers , to give a second serjeant , and a corporal , with permanent