and suggested by the strongest reasons of expediency , no court martial ought to be permitted to sit in such instances which was not composed of seven members at least . If circumstances unhappily required the interference of such courts , it ought to be an object with the legislature to invest them with as much wisdom and deliberative justice as the nature of the case would possibly admit . The number constituting such courts , he thought , ought never to be more than thirteen nor less than seven . There was not less danger from too many than from too few , in the determination of such cases as might come before them . The age of individuals composing those courts , he thought also , ought to be particularly attended to . It was well known , that in the army there were many young men officers , who had not arrived at that age which the laws of the country have wisely fixed as necessary to enable a man to have the conduct of his own private affairs . And could it for a moment be thought prudent that we should entrust the lives of our fellow citizens to men whom the laws of the country had judged incompetent to the management of their own private affairs ? He thought it was indispensably necessary that the legislature should provide that no minor , that no man under the legal age , should be permitted to sit in any such courts martial . The measure , he allowed , was necessary ; but it ought to be the care of that house to appear reluctant to deviate in any degree from the ordinary exercise of the laws t they ought to appear scrupulous in the adoption of any harsh or severe measure , and to remove as much as possible from its mode of execution the appearance of all harshness , injustice , or severity . This he thought might be done by the provisions which he wished to propose as an amendment . He could not conceive that these alterations would render the measure in any shape less effectual . Did he apprehend this as the consequence , he would be the last man to propose them . He knew , indeed , very well , that the government of Ireland would not wish to exercise any authority put into their hands , with greater severity than the urgency of circumstances might require . But while he was perfectly conscious of this , he , at the same time , wished that the legislature should not trust to any individuals for the Upright or lenient execution of any measure ; but should prescribe to them their duty by the letter of the law.—What is the circumstance , the hon . gent , asked , that endears the trial by jury to every man of this country ? Is not every member of that 141 jury liable to be reduced to the same circumstances of the person standing charged before him ? Is there not a sympathy subsisting hetween the jurors and the persons whom they try—a sympathy that gives confidence to every man , that , if he has justice and equity on his side , it is the interest and congenial to the feelings of the jury to acquit him ? In an ordinary court martial also , the officers composing that court martial were called to the trial of men of their own character and profession—men who had been similar to themselves , and to whose circumstances they were uncertain but they themselves might likewise , at some fnture period , be reduced . Here also there existed that sympathy and fellow feeling which operated in favour of the person to be tried . But the circumstances of a court martial trying criminals accused of rebellion were very different . The persons brought before them had different interests , and would seem to be almost of a different species . From the circumstances of a country in such a situation , they were too apt to meet their victims with anger and passion ,