House so that they might not only change their minds , but be allowed to deliver two opposite opinions in one night , upon one question in a debate . said , that he believed this bill was precisely on the same principle and condition as bills which had formerly passed upon the subject of these duties . He did not feel himself warranted to speak 6n this bill , not having read it since it was introduced into the House : all he knew was , that the subject to which it referred , was under discussion in Ireland , among the law officers of the crown , of whom he had the honour to be one . He knew the discussion had been the subject of the King 's hereditary revenue ; perhaps he might be out of order in stirring what he was about to state , but lie withed to draw the attention oft the House to it . He then read the clause which had been inserted in other bills upon this subject , to shew that the rights of the ? crown had always been saved in them all , as far a ; related to the hereditary revenues of the crown reverting after the termination of the agreement between the crown and the public , in the 33d year of the present reign . It was for the House to consider whether the words in this clause were I sufficient to save the rights of the crown 5 I he apprehended they were , and it had I been so thought by the crown lawyers in Ireland . But whether that clause wish to be found in the present bill he would not I undertake to say . The bill was in the hand writing of two or three persons , and he I took shame to himself that he had not read it since it was laid on the table of that House . All he could say was , that the bill which was considered and perused by the crown lawyers in Ireland , of which he presentable this to be a copy , had been by them deemed sufficient to preserve entire the rights of the crown . said , he believed this bill contained no such clause as that which had been read by the learned gent , out of another Act of Parliament . In a word , he knew of no way to proceed upon this business but that of withdrawing the present bill to make way for a better.—The question was then put , that the Speaker it now leave the chair , and negatived.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer then 821 moved , that this House do to-morrow resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House . said , he was extremely glad that an opportunity had been given to examine into this question ; but it was matter of regret that the attention of the House had not been called to this important circumstance before any progress whatever had been made in the bill , for nothing could be more important for that House to attend to than the hereditary revenues of I the crown , and that the more especially , when the measure brought forward was without the consent of the crown , and without an opportunity of discussing the contend of the bill . He was very far from pledging himself as to the opinion lie should have or this occasion ; but I after what he had heard from the hon . gentleman below him ( Mr. Ormsby ) , he had great doubts indeed whether , if the clauses in this bill were , as he had stated them to be , out of another bill , the objection to this measure would be removed , for they only related to a pair of his Majesty 's revenue , instead of the whole . If so , the defect was radical ; for it was a clause by I which a stated sum was to be perpetual , and set off against a perpetual revenue of a given value some