thought proper to bring forward his motion not collectively but specifically , it might have been 745 entitled to more regard , and attended with more success . Without entering into any minute inquiry , the facts connected with that transaction must undoubtedly be of sufficient notoriety to discuss the question , whether or not there be ground of accusation against any particular person , were the question to be put to issue on that particular point . As far as his Majesty 's ministers are concerned , they have uniformly denied that any blame attaches on the part of his Majesty 's government in Ireland : and they have always said , that those who are inclined to make that matter a subject of inquiry , may make it a matter of distinct inquiry , and not collective and general , as in the present instance.—As to the matter of expediency if I shall be able to satisfy the house that there is no fair ground to impute blame to any quarter , I shall go thus far , that it is not the duty of ministers to institute any inquiry , merely for the purpose of establishing to the satisfaction of the public , that no blame is imputable to any person whatever . There may be some individuals who have a close connexion with the transaction , who may wish that some investigation should take place own , that if I myself were in a similar situation , I should wish , for my own justification , that inquiries should be made . Private feelings , however , are totally inconsistent with parliamentary considerations , or what it is our duty in this place are indulge . Such wishes , in individuals , constitute , I must own , but an uncertain criterion of the real fact ; bat surely , to an unprejudiced mind , those feelings must be the strongest , where the most complete innocence exists ; where this is the case , it is certainly unnecessary to waste the valuable time of parliament in such investigations.—My first objection , therefore , to this inquiry is , that it is unnecessary , as there is no imputation of blame against any of the persons connected with the Irish government.—But there is another material objection in point of time to this inquiry , because the object of it is to attack lord Hardwicke , and it surely is not consistent with justice to institute an inquiry concerning his conduct , while his whole time is taken up in administering the affairs of Ireland . And this objection does not only apply to the lord lieut , but to the other persons concerned in the government of Ireland , whether civil or military : because , if the inquiry is instituted , the officers who hold chief commands in Ireland , must necessarily be examined ; oil the persons concerned in the civil department must also be examined , and in the mean time & opinion of the people , with 746 regard to the government , would be suspended , the valuable time of parliament would be taken up , the principal civil and military officers must be brought from Ireland to be examined , and all this upon an occasion where no blame can be attached to any person whatsoever . I do not mean to say , that these are arguments that ought to preclude an inquiry , if any satisfactory grounds had been laid for one ; but when no satisfactory case has been made out , undoubtedly the inconvenience that must attend it , will have great weight with the house . I profess myself at present fully prepared to meet the hon . bart . upon his own grounds , raid I have no doubt but that I shall be able to convince the House that this inquiry ought not to be gone into . The hon . baronet has stated , that the lord lieutenant and the Irish government were totally ignorant of the affairs of that country , that they were supine in the discharge of their duty