them that they should take up arms for its defence and security . Every thing should , therefore , be done that could render their services effectual ; and he had no doubt but the volunteers would be found fully adequate to the high raised expectations that had beer formed of them , and that they would prove an invincible bulwark of defence for the protection and security of all that was near and dear to them and to the nation as freemen and Britons . —Sir ; from the opinion of the right hon . secretary of state , that this discussion should be confined within narrow limits , and should apply solely to the consideration of the measure immediately before the House , I decidedly differ ; and with the sentiments of my right hon . friend on the lower bench ( Mr. Windham ) that we are now called upon to take into view every thing connected with the national defence , I entirely concur . Although the volunteer 543 system naturally forms the first subject for our deliberation , as it is the principal feature in the picture , and that upon which we must , under all the circumstances , ground our reliance for ultimate security , yet the army , the militia , and all the other branches of our public force press upon our attention , and require to be examined upon the present occasion . Whether the volunteer system be radically wrong , or inadequate to its object , is not , he question proper for the House now to consider ; bat how far any defects , which experience has rendered manifest in its original formation , may be removed , and how the detail of the measure may be improved ; how far , in a word , it may be rendered efficient . This , in my judgment , is the turn which the debate should take . With a sense of the situation in winch the country is placed ; of the danger which has been so long suspended over us , and of the crisis which , according to all appearances and information , is so rapidly approaching , we should devote ourselves to the consideration of the best means of amending and advancing to perfection , the only force of equal magnitude now within cur reach ; to devise , not only how this force is to be prepared for the first approach of the danger which menaces us , but how its spirit and efficacy may be preserved and made , competent to meet the full extent of the danger , and effectually to guard the country . That the enthusiasm which may enable men to meet the first attack , can last long , it might be permitted to hope ; hut that it would , no rational man would be very sanguine in calculating upon . It becomes , therefore , necessary to communicate to the volunteers every instruction that is practicable , in order to assimilate them to a regular army . That it is impossible fairly to investigate the nature and tendency of the volunteer system , without referring to the regular army and militia , I readily admit , and that it is proper to inquire how far any farther augmentations of the one or the other is practicable or desirable ; also how far the volunteer system interferes with either of these objects . But these are topics upon which I shall trouble the House by and by . At present I wish , principally , to dwell upon the methods to be resorted to , in order to communicate to the volunteers all the instruction they want , and to the system all the improvement of which it may be susceptible ; for I am certain that this must form the great basis of our Strength , the important instrument of our defence , the medium by which we must contrive to bring the country safely out of its dangers , and to lay 544 asleep those apprehensions which , from the calamitous destinies of the present times