would pretend that they were not to be considered as a most important part of our national defence . Ministers , however , ought to have properly balanced the means of uniting and harmonizing the application of these different establishments , so as in the least possible degree to interfere with the military force of the country . So far , however , from having pursued this system , ministers had sacrificed the regular army to establishments , undoubtedly highly useful in themselves , but not applicable to circumstances of extraordinary danger . Instead of any encouragement being held out to the regular army , it had been thwarted , opposed , and embarrassed . He really was astonished at the language employed this evening by the noble Sec . of State . He had made use of an expression which , for his own part , was quite novel in the manner in which it had been applied . The noble Lord had spoken of the volunteers and the militia as an established force , and this he seemed to wish their Lordships to consider in contradistinction to our regular army . 1038 This was a sort of language which he professed himself utterly unable to comprehend . He allowed all due praise to the spirit of the volunteers and the militia , but he was desirous that they should be viewed on their proper footing . As to the army of reserve , he saw them in no other light generally than as a depot of recruits for the regular army . Some degree of triumph appeared to be entertained as to the present state of our military establishment . He could not imagine that the noble Lord opposite would persist in holding such language . As the best answer to any statement of this nature , he should wish to be informed , what augmentation had been gained for the regular army since the commencement of the last session ? He did not at all mean to deny that the militia , as applicable to local service , might be viewed as to a considerable degree efficient . He was so far from wishing to hold them up in any inferior light , that one of his great objections to the bill was , that the filling up of the quotas for the militia had , by the provisions of the bill , been materially retarded . What he objected to was , that service in a volunteer corps protected not against one ballot for the militia , but against ballots even before the militia were completed . He begged leave to say , that the system pursued by ministers on this subject was essentially different from that pursued during the late war . He did not deny that the volunteer establishment , during the late war , was one which admitted of exemptions from the militia ballots , but the exemption was given under quite different circumstances . During the late war , the exemptions given to the volunteers succeeded the embodying of the militia ; whereas , as the exemptions now stood , they accompanied and materially interfered with the filling up of the militia . But he begged leave to state , that this was not only the case during the late war , when the volunteers were first established , but after it was judged necessary to extend their numbers . Previous to this augmentation , the supplementary militia had been called for , and it was not till this additional force was filled up , that further offers of voluntary service were accepted . The exemptions given to the volunteers were really far beyond any idea which was entertained on the subject . Hardly two days elapsed after the General Training Act had been passed , before , by the single clause of . a commutation for 1039 Voluntary service , the whole act was virtually rescinded . He believed that the public at large knew nothing of this most extraordinary alteration . He could on his own behalf state , that though only at a distance of 26 miles from the