a district ; that is , whose notes are the only circulation for 20 or 30 miles round . The notes would ( for the moment at least ) be annihilated , and the entire labouring class would be reduced , not merely to beggary , but to want . The honor of such a scene is too great to be pictured . He would give their lordships an instance , which might shew what was to be expected in case of actual invasion . A report was spread in the town of Newcastle , that the enemy was landed . Instantly there was a run on all the hanks of that town . The proprietors were obliged to send messengers post to London , act for Hank of England notes , they would go no more than the country notes , but for gold . The shock was given all the way 704 from Newcastle to London , and produced the like effects . If such was the result of an alarm , what would an actual invasion do ? Their lordships would easy conceive , by carrying their eyes forward to the rapid and destructive progress such things make.—His lordship proceeded to point out the injurious effects which the restriction originally imposed on the Bank of England had produced in Ireland , by occasioning a similar restriction on the bank there . Not only had it operated to the disadvantage of merchants in their pecuniary transactions , but peculiarly grievous was it to the middling and lower orders of the community , by whom the depreciation of the paper currency , which was forced upon them by virtue of this new restriction , was felt as an actual diminution of their income , and the consequent enhancement of the price of the necessaries of life . He again deprecated the idea of the present being taken up as a party question , or connected with any set of politics . He viewed it in its consequences as materially involving the welfare of the bulk of the people in the United Kingdom of Ireland , upon whom the want of a sufficient quantity of the circulating medium of coin produced the most distressing consequences , and diffused a spirit of dissatisfaction , complaint , and penury , and which the proposed continuance of this restriction on the bank , his lordship considered , as ill-calculated to retrieve.—After expatiating upon these topics considerably in detail , his lordship expressed his satisfaction at the appointment of an inquiry into the subject in Ireland , and his earnest wish was that an investigation should be set on foot on the part of both Houses , as the subject affected G. Britain as well as Ireland . It was by no means , as he had before observed , too late , and one great object for consideration , in endeavouring to remedy the evils of an excessive paper circulation , should be , a gradual taking off the restriction upon the bank : that corporation should be enabled , but gradually , to resume their cash payments : not , however , without due and full notice being given . The withdrawing of the small notes from circulation , would necessarily induce the introduction of cash to the like amount , to fill up the chasm ; this , of course , should not be hastily done.—Suppose , he observed , that within 3 months the one pound notes were to be called in , and , in another subsequent interval , the notes of two pound , the ; most salutary effects would be produced in reference to what he had suggested . These were , however , only parts of the outline , which might be recommended to the attention of a general committee of inquiry , the 705 expediency of which , under the present circumstances of the country , the noble lord solemnly and impressively enforced . observed , that the arguments produced by the noble lord did not , in his opinion , warrant the conclusion which was attempted to be drawn . An investigation into the