itself was framed for the express purpose of putting an end to vague ideas of the intentions of the legislature . The House had , on the present occasion , a very simple duty to perform . They had only to lay out of their consideration every idea but the positive mandatory injunctions of the act , and then their decision could not , even for a moment , become a matter of doubt . Gentlemen , he was convinced , need not be reminded of the circumstances which originally gave rise to the 389 Grenville act . It was an act expressly founded on the bad opinion entertained of the House of Commons in the exercise of its judicial powers . It was an act originating in constitutional jealousy , and designed to correct an evil , the existence of which all parties admitted . Having said this , it was proper for him to add , that the act , which originally encountered the strongest opposition , had , from experience , been found productive of the most beneficial effects . Those who had originally resisted it with the greatest zeal , had seen reason to alter their opinion , and those who were , in the first instance , its warmest opponents , had become its most sincere admirers . He had no hesitation in admitting that he himself was among this number . It was , therefore , not to be denied , that the origin of the act was 3 virtual admission that the House collectively were very bad judges of law , so far as it concerned the mode in which the fairness of elections was to be decided . After the passing of the Grenville Act , in the first instance , the obvious conclusion was , that all discretion was taken away from the House , and that every thing connected with election petitions was to be regulated by the precise provisions of the act . It was quite impossible to dispute the truth of this position . So much , however , was the legislature impressed with the idea that this was the clear meaning of the act , that it was judged necessary to bring in a bill to put this matter , if possible , in a still clearer point of view.—By the act of the 28th of his Majesty , the power of the House in receiving or rejecting petitions was clearly defined . In that act it was exactly stated what was the description of petitions on which the House were to proceed , and what was the nature of those which could not , consistent with the spirit and provisions of the original act , be admitted . In the original act , it was positively intended that all power of preliminary judgment should be taken away from the House . It was declared , that if petitions were of such and such a nature , they should be laid before a Committee ; but that if they were of a different description and character , they should be declared inconsistent with the provisions of the act , which was to regulate all proceedings relative to controverted elections . These original provisions might , perhaps , in strict interpretation , have been conceived to be sufficient ; but lest any possibility of mistake should arise , lest any circumstances should occur which might endanger a recurrence to the decision of the House , which was taken for granted to be highly liable to error ; the : 28th of his Majesty had in view the direct 390 prevention of any such inconvenience . It was meant to declare all preliminary decisions beyond their reach . It was to bind the House to receive petitions under certain specified circumstances , and to reject others in which particular allegations were not distinctly laid down . With this view of die subject , he felt himself called to state his preliminary objection to the House 's entertaining the petition . The House was bound by positive statute ; and , if so , he was not to be told