. And would any man say , that to adduce facts to the public on a subject that called for investigation , and of which the evils were felt , and to accompany those facts with a conviction that those evils were capable of redress , was a measure that could on any occasion , or on any subject , be improper ? Nothing , he was sure , would give his noble friend more pleasure than to have his opinions closely investigated . The House ought , he thought , by all means to go into a committee on the subject in question . The more such subjects were discussed so much the bitter . He had no idea of that 662 security or confidence in any set of principles , or in any measures , that were the result only of silence , and that must fall to the ground the moment such principles are discussed or examined . He denied that the legislature could not interfere with advantage in regard to the rate of exchange between other countries and this . An hon . baronet had proposed , as an argument against legislative interference in the instance now before the House , that it would be equally improper , and attended with no greater advantage to interfere in the case of Ireland than in the case of Hamburgh , or any other country less connected with the empire than Irleand . But he would remind the hon . baronet , that about 32 years ago the legislature had interfered in regard to the state of exchange between this country and Hamburgh , which was precisely the instance which the hon . baronet had said would , in his opinion , be equally fruitless or improper as our interference with Ireland . Yet in 1772 , when the exchange between this country and Hamburgh was unfavourable to this country , and the coin of this country was so debased that it was received at inferior value at Hamburgh , the legislature thought proper to interfere , and give the coin of this country a nominal value equal to that of Hamburgh , which , so far from being attended with any disadvantage , had the desired effect.—In respect to the currency of Ireland , it was not the guinea that was raised , but the paper that was depreciated . It was not the guinea that was worth 2s . more , but the paper that was regarded as so much less . The great object , therefore , ought to be , to adopt some effectual measure to support the paper currency of Ireland , and for that purpose to find out the cause of its depreciation . The country , he believed , was exceedingly obliged to the right hon . gent , who proposed the question . He thought the House and the country were indebted to the right , hon . gent , who had brought forward the motion , and concluded by hoping , that the pamphlet alluded to might be taken into the committee , and the arguments of his noble friend refuted or established . rose to declare , that he did not mean to cast any reflection on the noble lord to whom he had formerly alluded.—After a few words from Mr. Dent in favour of the motion , the motion was agreed to , and a committee appointed , amongst whom were the . following members : Mr. Foster , Lord A. Hamilton , Lord Henry Petty , Lord Folkestone , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , Mr. Grey , Mr. Rose , Mr. Canning , Sir W. Pulteney , Sir J. Newport , Mr. J. C. Beresford , Mr. She- 663 ridan , and Mr. Brogden ; five to be a quorum . said , that an order of yesterday for a committee of the whole House on the Irish revenue acts had dropped in consequence of there not being a sufficient number of members to proceed to a ballot , but he trusted their could be no objection to the House now voting itself into a committee