the strong the means of oppressing the weak.—He had but one observation more to make . Though no objection had been made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr.Corry ) , he had thrown out , that little was to be expected from the enquiry . If ever there was a subject which deserved the serious and effectual interference of the Legislature , it was the present . The evil was universally admitted . Though remedics had been mentioned out of doors , there however existed a difference of opinion with respect to them , and the noble lord thought that the best mode of coming to some agreement , with respect to the remedy of an evil universally allowed to exist , was to appoint the committee , and institute an open inquiry which would lead to a discovery of the best means of redress . said , that no person could regret more than he did the unfortunate state of exchange in Ireland , and the depreciation of its paper currency . He was glad , therefore , that such a motion had been brought forward , but did not know that any measure could be applied with effect to the evil that was on all sides admitted . He could not help thinking , however , that we were apt to attach more evil to the circulation of 658 paper than it really would admit ; and that the issues , however excessive they might be supposed , could not , without other causes , account for the present state of exchange . The great disparity between gold and silver was certainly allowed ; but the difficulty was to preserve the gold in circulation where every person was so eager to hoard it . The sate of the two countries was extremely different . In this country no person would lose a bargain by insisting on payment in gold ; but in Ireland , in many parts of it at least , there was no buying without gold . He would willingly second any measure that could promise a rational hope of producing greater confidence in the paper circulation , which was so necessary to the interests of the country . was of opinion , that not only those discussions that were instituted in this House , but the speculations that were circulated through every part of the country , were extremely disadvantageous , and had a tendency to augment the evil they meant to remedy . There seemed to him to be a kind of prejudice entertained against she Bank of Ireland , which he was sure was very ill-founded . The directors of the Bank of Ireland had been attacked both in and out of that House : he had seen a pamphlet , written by a noble lord ( King ) , nut a member of that House , which contained a most violent , unwarrantable , and unsuccessful attack upon that must respectable body of men , and the ground of attack was the great issue of paper . He did nor wish to occupy the attention of the House ; but he was anxious to offer an observation that had occurred to him in regard to the subject now in discussion . To the Bank of Ireland no particular circumstances had occurred since the year 1797 that could affect their interests , but the restriction of their issues in specie . Since that restriction had taken place , however , some circulating medium became absolutely necessary , and the effects of this new circuiting medium were various , since that event , in particular , they had increased their capital to a very great degree . The situation of the country was such , the hon . gent . thought , that nothing but the restoration of tranquillity , and the gallantry of ; his country toward In-land in money transactions , could effectually remedy those evils that were complained of . was of opinion also , that nothing could be mote unfavourable to the state of exchange that was so much complained of , than the discussions that took