to elect their own officers has in a variety of cases been admitted , and that many of the oldest corps have hitherto exercised this right without any attempt to deny the fairness of their claims . I do not deny that in some old corps there was an implied agreement with the government at that time , that such a right was to be exercised ; bur , with regard to all the corps firmed since the war , I maintain expressly , that no such agreement beyond the first election of officers , was ever in the contemplation of his Majesty 's ministers , or was ever held forth as an inducement to increase the voluntary offers of service from any part of the community . On this point , I have at present no further observation to offer.—It has been further contended against the volunteer system , that , as it now '' stands , it is hot sufficiently efficacious for insuring regularity of attendance and proper behavior during the periods allotted to discipline . Without pretending altogether to deny the justice of this observation , let me be permitted to observe , that this inconvenience can , consistently with the volunteer system only be remedied effectually by two measures . The one of these measures is , the power vested in the commandants of volunteer corps , of discharging those who are negligent in the performance of their duty . In this case , those so discharged would be immediately liable to the ballot , both for the militia and the army of reserve . The other check on irregularity of attendance and remissness of discipline is , that persons so offending , besides being liable to discharge from their respective corps , will immediately be liable to be called out in their respective class , and compelled to undergo an the labours to which , by the general training act , all those able to carry arms are to be subject . I have already allowed , that there are some defects in the volunteer system which are inherent , while others are level to remedy.—The question then is , whether we shall adhere to this system , with all is defects , at so critical a period as that in which we are placed , or resort to another , which , though in some respects more perfect , is in others far more liable to objection , and infinitely less adapted to the circumstances in which we are inclined to act . It always has appeared to me , that wise me best shew that wisdom , by adopting hot what may be absolutely the best in the particular circumstances , but what is the best in the particular situation where they are called on to repel 435 formidable danger . When a system is allowed to contain the materials of excellent regulation , it is surely much better to improve it than to reject it wholly for an experiment , which , though in its aspect captivating , may lead only to disgrace and disappointment . It is better to go on temperately and coolly , than by rashness to overturn a system , capable of the most useful ends and the highest purposes.—Now , Sir , let me say a few words as to the remedies proposed to be applied to the volunteer establishment . In the first place , it will not be denied , that if any individuals or any officers in a volunteer corps be deficient in their duty , his Majesty has the full right of discontinuing their services , and that too with circumstances of disgrace . If the number of persons so dismissed was considerable , then his Majesty has full powers to call them out under their respective classes , and to compel them to learn the use of arms to prepare them to defend the country in case of actual invasion.—After such training they may be sent either to reinforce the regular army , the militia , or in any other way which his Majesty , by the advice of ministers , may