by measure . The weight of the Winchester bushel was 8416. upon which there was a duty of 2s . it was now proposed that it should be discharged by the bushel of 561b . in the same manner the British salt imported into Ireland . With respect to saltpetre , it stood as it did last session , when the duty was reduced from 7s . to 3d . the cwt . Py the 43 Geo . III . there was a duty laid on the article of provisions going to foreign countries of 4 per cent . : to this duty British provisions were subject . But previous to this duty , there was an old subsisting duty upon the export of provisions from Ireland , so that in fact , there was a greater duty upon Irish provisions than upon British . This inequality it was now proposed to reduce , so as to put both countries on equal term ? .—The object of the next article of the schedule was , to carry into effect the American treaty , and the regulations were the same for both countries , with this exception , that the countervailing duties laid on American tonnage in this country was not adopted in Ireland . The old export duty on the export of native articles from Ireland was made in general the same , to all parts of the world , and I the bounties on imports and exports remained the same.—With regard to the draw backs upon sugar , it was necessary to observe , that the sugar duties in England were made annual , in lieu of the land tax , which was sold ; and this was done upon a constitutional principle , to ensure the frequent calling of Parliament . The sugar duties varied sometimes , and of course so did the drawbacks ; the duty upon this article in Ireland was founded upon the same principle , and was therefore voted annually , and could not be introduced into the schedule , which related only to permanent duties.—The duly upon malt would not be found in this schedule , because it was proposed lo vote it annually in Ireland , upon the same constitutional principle to which he had before adverted , and therefore must form the subject of a separate bill . The duty on licences was in some degree changed . The grocers licences were formerly 3l . for cities , 2l . for market towns , and 1l .. for the rest of the kingdom , it was now proposed to make them 3l for cities and towns returning members to Parliament , and 2l . for the rest of the kingdom . Factors dealing in homemade spirits were subject to a licence duty ; it was now proposed to extend that duty to dealers in foreign spirits.—The next article of the schedule related to the drawbacks of 692 Excise Duties , and upon these there was no change proposed . The next head related to the countervailing duties it was proposed to consolidate the duties under the Act of Union , and those of the 43d Geo . III . cap.92—He had now stated the principle of the measure , and he hoped it would meet with the approbation of the mercantile people in Ireland , which he was sure would be a strong recommendation to that House . Any proposed alterations or amendments he should be very ready to listen to , and he was sure that that house and ministers would do every thing in their power to guard and protect the trade of Ireland , which they had always watched over with the most paternal and tender solicitude.—He concluded with stating , that lie hoped the printed schedules would be in the hands of the members of that house by Monday , and that in a few days he should be able to bring in the bill , or bills , upon these resolutions . said , he did not mean to enter into any observations upon the subject then , but he wished the horn gent , would