of both parties on the occasion to which he had referred , he could not but allow , that , to a certain degree , they were founded in truth . It was impossible , in the nature of things , that , excesses could be altogether avoided . He was convinced , that the enactment of the Martial Law Bill was the measure which , more than any other , put an end to those excesses . It was clear to every one who reflected for a moment on the subject , that when individuals had the redress of their own injuries , real or supposed , put into their own hands , they were too seldom guided by moderation . The more unworthy passions of our nature too frequently gained the ascendency ; and resentment , not satisfied with the punishment of a particular injury , proceeded the length of savage and deliberate revenge . The enactment of martial law put an end to this system . Government were then armed with powers sufficient for the suppression of rebellion . The loyal part of the community felt a confidence of receiving adequate protection . Their individual passions no longer descended lower than the performance of their public duty , and those scenes which , at the origin of the insurrection , disgraced and afflicted humanity , were no longer repeated . This was 245 a view of the subject which he considered to be of the highest importance , and he earnestly intreated their lordships to weigh well the inference which it warranted . In this consideration of the question , every argument drawn from the severity of the measure was materially diminished in its application ; particularly when it was recollected that , hitherto , it had never been resorted to , with the exception of one case , in he had already , occasion to mention in the beginning of his speech . But , perhaps , it might be argued , that the circumstance of the powers granted by the bill not having been used , was ( he best proof of its not being necessary . He must be permitted to protest against any such inference , which did not at all appear to him to be conclusive . It was not by any means unfair to conclude , that the very existence of the powers granted by the bill , was the reason for their never being actually exerted . This was no uncommon circumstance in the history of human affairs . Precaution frequently prevented evils of the greatest magnitude . The apprehension of certain punishment , paralysed the efforts , and blasted the hopes of the most desperate offenders . He had , he trusted , shewn their lordships , that the measures which he proposed were not urged on light or frivolous grounds . He had began by saying , that lie at all times should feel reluctance in proposing measures of severity , or measures which , even for the shortest time , put any part of his Majesty 's subjects out of the enjoyment of the ordinary privileges of the constitution . The principle of our constitution , and the principle of which we were proud , was , that the people should enjoy as great a portion of practical liberty as they could enjoy , or , perhaps , he might add , as great a portion of liberty as ever was enjoyed by any civilized community since the beginning of time . It was not to be forgotten , however , that while it was the excellence of our constitution to grant to the people the greatest portion of practical liberty , it was cue of its wisest provisions , that extraordinary powers should be vested in the executive government , on the appearance of circumstances of extraordinary emergency . The object of this wise provision was , to enable the executive government to take proper measures of precaution for the safety of the state when threatened with formidable dangers , and at the same time , as far as possible , suffer the ordinary tribunals of