were right , but the question is , whether these measures are necessary now ? But , if I am right in my opinion , that this competition ought , to be stopped the next , question is , whence does this competition arise ? It arose from the militia and from the army of reserve . With regard to the militia , the competition certainly was very great last year , because the whole militia was to be raised ; but now the militia was very nearly complete , for there did not want to complete the English militia 5000 men , and the Irish was complete within 150 . The 5000 mew necessary to complete the militia , will 1078 not , I am sure , be considered as forming any thing like a competition with the army in a country of such extent as this , and containing such a number of fighting men as we know by the official returns it contains ; such a competition is hardly worth noticing . We then come to the army of reserve . Though I still maintain my opinion , that the army of reserve bills were salutary and useful , yet now as they have , in a great measure. , had the effect which was expected from them , it becomes necessary to consider whether their operation should be any longer continued . The bill to which I allude passed on the 6'th of July last ; on the 20th of Aug. there were raised under that bill 15,903 men ; on the 24th of Sept. they amounted to 94,701 ; and in the month of Nov. last to 25,48.9 men . I will ask any man in this House to tell me , by what other means a similar body of men could have been raised in so short a time ? The total number of men in G. Britain and Ireland , raised under the army of reserve bill , was men , of whom no less than 10,6 ' '' lG had entered for general service into the regiments of the line . During the time these men were raising , I admit that the recruiting for the army has not increased ; but , on the other hand , I contend it has not diminished , notwithstanding all this competition . I am also ready to admit , that for the last 2 or 3 months , the army of reserve has scarcely maintained itself ; that is to say , the number of recruits have been fully balanced by the number of deserters ; for I am sorry to say , that the practice of desertion has got to a very great pitch in the neighbourhood of the metropolis ; and this has been very much increased by the very high bounties that have been given , and at the same time the practice of crimping has increased . In order to remedy these evils , I would propose , as the most effectual means to attain that object , not to repeal the army of reserve bills , but to suspend them for a limited time ; and with regard to those counties which have not furnished their regular quota of men , I would propose that they should pay a pecuniary compensation according to the number of men they were deficient . This can not be considered as unjust , because those counties are now subject to very heavy fines for not having completed their number of men . This is one of the measures which I mean to propose , and I think the army of reserve bills should be postponed in 1079 Ireland , as well as in G. Britain . If the House should think proper to adopt this proposition , it would have the immediate effect of destroying all competition , and consequently of reducing the great bounties . It would also , I think , put an end to the practice of crimping , and prevent desertion . With regard to the other means which I propose to adopt , it is now not necessary