was a question quite different from the motion for the renewal of the bill.—If the hon . gent had any distinct charge to make against the government of Ireland ; if he could produce any facts to prove that they had been deficient in foresight and energy , he should at all times be ready to meet and to repel that charge . As far as he knew any thing of the proceedings of the Irish government , there was no deficiency of precautions . These precautions were carried to an extent capable of defeating , not the abortive ac- 103 tempt of the 23d of July alone , but a force of even twenty times the amount , led on with talents , system and consistency of a far superior nature . was adverse to the renewal of the bill without obtaining some information of its necessity , of which there was at present nothing before the house . The sum of this information , if it could be called such , was , that the rebellion was supersede , and that expectations of the continuance , of tranquillity were entertained . This , surely , was a very strange kind of information to offer to the house , as an inducement to pass a bill , which could not be characterised as any other than a measure of severity . The extraordinary negligence of the government of Ireland had been the subject of animadversion this evening , and with the sentiments expressed by his right hon . friend who began the discussion , he most heartily concurred . The hon . secretary of state had endeavoured to shew that such charges were unfounded , and lie had rested his argument chiefly on the strength of the garrison , and the facility with which the rebellion had been suppressed . But how did this representation accord with facts , at least with representations which had been given as such to the world . He had been informed , that in die evening on which the insurrection burst forth , the lord lieutenant had gone quietly to his country house as if no danger had been apprehended . The lord chief justice of the King 's Bench , though necessarily in the confidence of government , was not at all aware of any insurrection , till the afternoon of the very day on which it exhibited itself in acts of public atrocity . But , this evening the right hon . the secretary of state had in his place declared , that government were aware of the projected insurrection that very day . How this declaration was consistent with the statement now made , he professed himself unable to discover . Credit was taken for the accurate information of ministers respecting the designs of the rebels , but it was admitted that the existence of their powder magazine was a profound secret . It certainly could not be pretended that the government , ignorant of this very important piece of information , could be able to form an estimate , at least a correct one , of the force sufficient for the preservation of the tranquillity of the capital . Bus , still , ministers were indignant at any charge of negligence or want of sufficiently accurate information . How far they were entitled to be so , he left it for the house to decide . He had been informed of another circumstance , which was certainly 104 no evidence of the foresight or information of the Irish government . It was very generally reported , that , so accurately were ministers informed of the intended rising of the rebels on the 23d of July , the regiments forming the garrison were provided with only three rounds of ball cartridge , and the yeomanry corps could not get a supply till after an interval of two hours ! He had heard also a report , which if true , still more forcibly demonstrated the shameful ignorance of the Irish government respecting the designs of the rebels . It was roundly asserted , that , with the knowledge on the