proof himself , and by his own example , that it is not necessary to do what he recommends . I understand he has acquired considerable military knowledge , and has conducted his corps to a high state of perfection . I apprehend , it does not require so much military skill for the inferior situations of the army as many seem to imagine ; you must have persons accustomed 10 the forms and manoeuvres so as to be able to teach the duty of a soldier . You must lake care in the choice of officers , not to appoint those who consider the distinction as a matter of vanity , and not as a pledge of duty ; but it does not appear to me that it requires such a degree of military skill in the lower orders of the army as to call on government to put itself to such an expense as is proposed . It is supposed , that peasantry , if armed , would do all that is necessary for the light infantry service . Though I do not profess much knowledge of a military life , having been at an early period only in a subaltern capacity , yet I do know you can not acquire and put in execution those manœuvres which constitute the excellency of light infantry , without being acquainted with the manœuvres of the line . It is a system by which you learn to throw yourself into apparent irregularity , which shall be perfect regularity . It is supposed the minutiae of regularity is unnecessary . I deny that there is any thing the volunteers are invited to do , for the purpose of being brigaded and formed , which is not absolutely essential in the practice of war . I would ask any gentleman who is a soldier , whether it would be possible to lead a corps into action , unless it was able , with 294 precision , and without confusion , to form lines into columns , to make it increase or diminish , change front , and alter the position in any way which might be necessary for actual service . All this knowledge lies in a narrow compass , it is easily learnt by degrees , it may be taught by serjeants , and when it is taught , every thing must depend on the competency of the person . I have no reason to think that the volunteer corps are not capable of performing the most essential service , if they are kept up with the respect due to them , and if they are treated with the regard to which their exertions entitle them . I , for one , should have no objection to receiving any field officer ; but there is this difficulty , it is said , the commanding should invite the appointment of the field officer . Now it ought to be considered that he has no authority to do so , without submitting the proposition to his men , who have the choice of all the officers . If you introduce a field officer , by the invitation of the colonel , without consulting the corps , you break in upon the choice which the men , originally had . However , as there is no proposition of this sort , I forbear commenting on it . We are here on the volunteer system itself . The question is , whether we are to abandon it or limit it ? Whether we are to admit we are wrong ; and that all our efforts have not benefited the country.—With regard to another point , it docs not strike me that the military profession will be at all injured by this system . The officers of volunteer corps have no permanent rank ; though they have the titles of colonel , lieutenant colonel , captain , and lieutenant , they are merely to give respect , and confer no rank . I should think , that so far from thee titles giving offence to gentlemen of the profession , the army must feel the greatest satisfaction