entitled to the exemption.—The bill was ordered to be read a second time on Monday . requested the House to take ; notice that certain annuities granted in the I time of Queen Anne , for carrying on the I war , expired in 1804 . He wished to know from a noble Sec . of State ( Lord Hawkesbury ) what was the amount of this sum , what was its intended application , and whether it was destined to go to the consolidated fund ? replied , that he was not then prepared to state the amount nor the application But this could , however , be no obstacle in the way of the bill , as Parliament would still have the power of disposing of this money in any manner that might be thought exepedient . observed , that although he entirely approved of the principle of the bill , which he considered as calculated to ameliorate the situation of inferior clergymen , he could not think it went far enough . The sum which it provided towards their relief was not sufficient . Indeed , so very hard was the . condition of them , that he had received several letters stating , that the salaries which they enjoyed had not in many instances been paid to the full extent provided by the legislature . The noble lord suggested the propriety , in order to obviate these difficulties , that the money should be paid into the hands of some banker in the neighbourhood of the place where the party resides.—The bill was read a second time and committed for to-morrow . rose to move the second reading of the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill.—His lordship began his speech by stating to the House , that though it might not be exactly in order , he should , with the view of facilitating any discussion which might take place , introduce any observations which occurred to him to be necessary to justify the motion for the second reading of the Irish Martial Law Bill , which would follow the motion for the second reading of the bill now before the House . He felt himself authorized in pursuing this course , more particularly when he considered , that the same arguments which would convince their lordships of the necessity and expediency of the one bill , would be equally applicable to the re-enactment of 241 the other . The circumstances which rendered the renewal of both bills necessary and expedient were now so similar to those under which they had been renewed at former periods , that he did not feel it his duty to trouble their lordships at any great length . When , however , he rose to propose any measure of such magnitude as that now before the House ; when he rose to move for the renewal of bills which , to a certain degree , suspended the ordinary privileges of the constitution among a very considerable proportion of the population of the united empire , he certainly considered it incumbent on him to give some explanation of the grounds on which he called on their lordships to vest the ministers of the crown with these extraordinary powers . He trusted that their lordships had seen nothing in the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers which could induce them to believe that they would call for such extraordinary powers without the sincerest conviction of their imperious necessity . He would refer to every measure which they had taken , to prove that they had in no instance been forward to avail themselves of opportunities of getting such extraordinary powers entrusted into their hands . In every case of the renewal or re-enactment of bills which went to invest them with powers which for a time suspended the usual privileges of the constitution , they had proceeded on the ground of such imperious necessity . They had seen , on former occasions , that such measures had contributed in a material degree to the salvation of the empire , and they conceived themselves bound , under circumstances nearly similar , to resort to