an expense that can not be supported unless the funds of almost every corps in the kingdom are increased—Men must be cloathed from head to foot , and after a great coat and the other articles of dress are provided , it will nor , on the most moderate computation , as I have said , already , amount to less than 4l . per man , which will be a tremendous sum of money in the whole . No , Sir , what is the remedy ? —A second subscription ; but that is a plan which I should strongly deprecate , for the mischief of it would be to collect from the liberal , and perhaps the poor , that to which the illiberal and rich ought also to contribute in a fair proportion . No such thing could , take place if the wants of the volunteer , were to be supplied from the na- 449 tional treasury . For these reason , I consider the plan now acted upon for providing the volunteers with necessaries , a very mistaken plan of economy.—There is another point to be attended to : at present , it is the rule to allow no pay to any officer who instructs the men , however well he may do it , or may have bad the unqualified praise of the inspecting officer , unless such person shall have been in the army ; this is a defect which ought to be remedied , for men can not be expected to give their time and labour for nothing but mere praise ; men in middling circumstances can not afford it . It is also worth while for ministers to remember , that the pay of these officers is only for 24 days an t now they are to be out 24 days : the additional 4 days ought to be paid for or we shill find many persons remiss in their duty . I have taken the liberty of pointing oat those things . I fear it will be found , that ministers have been getting from one error to another , and that they have now placed that country in a situation in which it has no choice , but must trust its main defence to the volunteer force ; it , therefore , behaves them to render that system as little objectionable as possible . In my judgment , the augmentation of the militia has been carried on a this too much ; and I am confirmed in this opinion by the conduct of ministers , by the enormous expense which his been occasioned in drawing men from the militia afterwards by bounty into the regular service , and also by the expense of raising the Army of Reserve , and at last being obliged to have recourse to the volunteer system , which is much more expensive than either . It is for the right hon . gentlemen , into whose hands his Majesty has thought proper to entrust the government of this nation at the present important moment , to consider the best means for providing for its general defence and safety : it is for members of Parliament to speak their sentiments upon such means , and to shew the House the imperfection of such means , in order to bring them to the best stale they are capable of . This is a liberty which I have taken to myself : it is not form to point out what is better , it is my duty , as a member of Parliament , shew to the House , what : appears to me to be erroneous in the conduct of ministers , and which they ought now to rectify , I shall only add , that I trust the right hon . gent , will consider of allowing volunteers the practice of recommending their officers to the crown ; will consider also of the expense of providing cloathing for the volunteers , and the pay to which I have alluded , and of the difficulty of procuring the at- 450 tendance of officers who do not