comparison it appeared , that the interpretation given by the hon . gent . had not been acted upon . If the practice of the House had conformed precisely to the letter of the act of the 28th , he confessed that he would have felt more satisfied and pleased ; and if in the petition referred to in the motion , that letter had been strictly complied with , it would , of course , have been more satisfactory , in order that the most invidious should have no room to cavil ; but as a doubt did appear to exist , the best mode in his judgment , was to refer to the custom of the House previous to the passing of the act of the 10th , and also to the manner in which the law of the 28th had been acted upon , in order to assist in the solution of the question now under discussion , and to enable the House to determine upon the interpretations most fair and equitable to adopt . As to the application of the words of the clause to the terms in which the petition was drawn up , which it was the object of the motion to reject , he was decidedly against it , and in addition to the reasons he had already stated , he said , that there was another strong and powerful motive which operated upon his mind , to prompt him to the vote which he meant to give , and it was this , that it did not appear possible that the least inconvenience , hardship , or injustice could result to any individual , by allowing this petition to be proceeded on in the ordinary way , while it could not be denied that it would be serious injury to the petitioners to exclude them from the investigation of the subject of their petition , by acceding to the present motion . The petitioners only desired that their case should be sent to trial , and the object of the motion was to shut them out from that which they had a right to claim . Tinder circumstances where there existed any doubt as to the construction of the letter of the law , or the practice upon that law , he could have no hesitation in deciding in favour of the petitioners ; and he would put it to the candour of the House whether such was not the more equitable mode of proceeding ; for he was persuaded that according to the general understanding , the form of the petition was not liable to all the objections which were started against it . The question was now raised for the first time , and , although much ingenious argument had been offered in favour of the motion , from the reasons he had stated , it ought not to be adopted . expressed his concurrence in the sentiments of the hon . mover , and his 401 surprise at the inferences drawn by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , from facts which admitted of quite different conclusions . That any member should entertain a doubt upon the construction of the clause , which formed the ground-work of this motion , was to him a matter of astonishment . Nothing in legislation could be more clear and mandatory in terms , than the words of the clause in question . As to the case of Carmarthen , referred to by the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , it did not appear to him , a fair analogy to that before the House , It was , in fact , confounding the jurisdiction of a Committee with that of the House . The question now under consideration was , whether a petition should be proceeded on at all , and that was a question with which a Committee had nothing to do ; for alter the case was referred to them , they were bound to proceed upon it . From this the learned gentleman argued ; that the