that if one , two , or three , were permitted to absent themselves upon business , others , might claim the , same privilege , and of course no reliance could he placed upon any committee ap- 55 pointed by the house ; and such really was the case in the present instance ; three had already dropped from the committee in question , and this motion went to authorize the absence of a fourth . The right hon.gent . concluded by saying , that where the private interests of the individual and those of the public were put in competition , his own private feelings would be too ready to lead him to give a preference to the individual ; interest ; but , at the same lime , he could not conceal his anxiety , that the house should not be forward to establish precedents that Were too likely to be followed , to the injury of the public service . With regard to precedents , he had taken much pains to search for them ; and he could find no precedent , where a member for private business was indulged , but in a temporary absence ; in which case , the committee was adjourned , till it could have the benefit of his attendance . Painful as it would be to him , he should , therefore , vote against the motion . rose , and requested that the house would pause , before it should determine in a case of such importance , where they had nothing before them , but the general assertion of an individual , to direct their judgment . Suppose , he said , I wish to go to Scotland ? If you establish a precedent of this kind , will it not be natural for me to plead business , and to direct your attention to this very precedent , which you are about to create ? observed , that it must be in the recollection of the house , that there was no precedent in England that could apply to this motion , and as committees for the trial of Irish elections were now in this country , no arguments could be adduced on the present question , but those of expediency only . It therefore remained with the house to establish or not , as they should think proper , a precedent on the present occasion . before he put the question , stated to the house , the number of precedents of absence , granted to members , from committees , to be eight ; four of which , were for total absence , in consequence of the death of near relations . Of the other four , two were for private business , and but for two days ; and the committees were in both cases adjourned , till the expiration of the two days . The remaining two were , first , the case of the Okehampton petition Mr. Pelham , one of the members of the committee for trying which , was also water bailiff to the court of sewers , and had obtained a total release from attendance on the committee , in consequence of his presence being essential to the discharge of his other duties . 56 The second , was the case of Shaftesbury , in which case , Sir Richard Worsley , who was also mayor and returning officer of another place , obtained a release from attendence on the committee , in consideration of the calls of duty in his corporation . The question being put by the Speaker , there was a call to divide the house , when there appeared for the motion 45 , and against it 54 . The motion , of course , was negatived by a majority of 9. informed the house , that his Majesty had been waited upon with the address of this house , and had ordered the proper officers to prepare and lay before the house , the several estimates accordingly.—Sir P. Stephens presented estimates of the expense of maintaining prisoners of war , sick and in health