objected to 38 of the duties which were to be imposed by the present bill , and government had conceded in a great measure to their wishes . There were only 4 of the 38 articles of taxation which remained unaltered according to their wishes ; 1. foreign herrings imported ; 2. foreign oil ; that , however , was something lowered , though not in a proportion equal to their wishes ; 3. foreign hops imported in Ireland . These three were continued to be taxed nearly to the same amount as ministers had at first proposed , merely for encouragement of the British trade and British fishery in preference to the commerce of a foreign country . As to the 4th article , which had not been attended to , it had been so frequently discussed , that he would only say that it was incompatible with the general policy of the empire that such a measure as that of taking off all the duties on the exports of Ireland should ever be adopted . But in order , if possible , to reconcile the different commercial bodies of men throughout all Ireland to the adoption of the present measure , he would , in the Committee , move for the addition of a clause , limiting the duration of the act to one year . On account of the absence of a great number of representatives of different parts of Ireland on their military duty at this period of the year , perhaps it might be thought expedient to some of the duties for 5 quarters instead of 4 , as before the expiration of that time it might probably be in their power to attend in Parliament , stated the inconvenience which was likely to result from such an alteration in the mode of collecting the duties in Ireland . then said , that he should not consider that he acted improperly in moving to have those duties renewed at the end of the year , for 3 months , before they were made permanent , if there was not a sufficient number of members present from that part of the United Kingdom to which the bill referred.—The House having resolved itself into a Committee , Mr. Foster suggested , that it would be more regular if the act was to continue in force beyond the term of the year , though the duties might be voted only for the year , . It was , however , agreed by 853 the House , that the act should continue to the 25th March , 1805 . The House having resumed , the report was brought up , and ordered to be received to-morrow . wished to be informed what progress had been made with respect to the property tax , and for that purpose intended to move for an account of the assessments returned to the tax-office ; if , however , there was any objection he should merely give notice of it for a future day . He also intended to move for an account of the sums paid into , and of the charges upon the consolidated fund , between the 5th of Jan. 1803 , and the 5th of January , 1804 , distinguishing each quarter . There was another circumstance on which he wished to make a remark , relative to the printing of accounts laid before the House ; it frequently happened , from only one copy of an account being laid before the House , which was immediately sent to be printed , that the members were , in the meantime , deprived of all information upon the subject . He concluded by moving for the account he had alluded to respecting the consolidated fund . said , he saw no objection to the motion ; but with respect to the other motion which the hon . gent , had mentioned , relative to the property tax , although he was not aware of any objection , yet he wished to avail himself of the hon . gentleman 's wish to give a notice for a future day.—The motion was