the customhouse cutters could not follow . He then proceeded shortly to advert to the other objections which had been made to the schedule , but contended that they were not such as ought to induce the House to lower the duties . observed , that the window tax , which , at the time it was laid on , was professed to be a war tax , appeared in the hill before she House among she permanent taxes . This tax the hon . member recollected , was said , at its introduction , to be pointed particularly at the disatched ; for it Was remarked , that as they were not of that description of persons who would contribute to the exigencies of the state , by any tax on wine , & c. they must be made to pay for their light : and the Home would no doubt be surprised to hear , that this tax on light was much beyond the rate then levied by a similar tax in this country . The hon . member expressed his disapprobation of the tax on the export of Irish linen , which he considered to be a violation of the letter and spirit of the union ; and a full confirmation of the predictions so often delivered by the adversaries of that measure , previous to its enactment ; namely , that whenever the interests of the two countries should happen to come in competition , the 100 representatives for Ireland would avail very little , however well disposed towards their native country , against the 58S members who are immediately interested in the concerns of G. Britain . defended the measure , and said , he could not see upon what principle of justice Irish linens were to be imported free of duty , while the English linens were to pay a duty of 4 per cent . saw no ground for acceding to the additional tax upon Irish linen . To committee had been instituted to ascertain how far it was just or necessary . The House had nothing to proceed upon in justi- 814 fication of the measure , but the assertion of the right hon . gent . As to the comparison made between the linen of Ireland and England , the fair mode of considering the question was , whether both countries were equally tit to bear the proposed tax . The reason assigned in support of this equal tax as it was termed , appeared to him to be very extraordinary indeed , viz . that it would be unfair that if Irish and English linen should be shipped in the same ship , the one should be subject to the tax , and the other exempt from it . Then , if that were to be the criterion , it seemed if those goods were carried in different ships , the complaint of inequality in taxation would disappear . The learned member recommended , for the sake of clearness , and for the satisfaction of the House , that the right hon . gent , should draw up two separate schedules , in the one of which should be classed such taxes as were meant to be permanent ones , and in the ocher the taxes which were to cease at the expiration of the war . said , that it would be impossible for even England herself , with her great capital , to rival the north of Ireland in the linen trade , it was so firmly established in that article of commerce . mid , that without entering into any detail upon the subject , he wished only to state , that they were by one act vesting a perpetual revenue in the crown of millions a year . But this was not all , there was ; what was called the heriditary revenue of the I crown in Ireland , which it was proposed to dispose of without any message or assent being delivered from the throne upon the subject . said , he certainly was not aware of the objection which had been made by