related to both these questions ; namely , whether he statement in the petition was such as the act required , so as to entitle the petitioners to inquiry ; and , second1y they could examine the proofs . But the House could go only into one of them , viz . whether the statement was sufficent to satisfy the spirit of the act . All that could be stated to the House was mere matter of form in such case , for the House could not inquire into the merits of the subject . This House could not inquire , whether the petitioners had a right to petition or not . It could only inquire whether they had regularly stated and claimed that right , and in that view , he was of opinion , that in the present case it was Sufficiently stated , and he thought that question a very important one . When he said that the spirit of the act was complied with , he meant , that in substance the petition did contain an allegation of the petitioners having a right to vote , and it was manifest to them , that a single dash of the pen . might have answered all the objections of the hon . gent , himself the petition would have been perfectly correct—the object was , that none but those who claimed a right to vote , should be permitted to petition . Now , he was of opinion , that the petitioners , by stating themselves to be freeholders , of the county , had in substance told the House they claimed the right to vote by entertaining this petition , it only said , that this subject should be inquired of by the Committee , and as to the practice of the House , which the 410 hon . gent , seemed to expect , in presenting petitions , it was pretty clear that a reference to the right , of the petitioners to vote at elections , existing in them at the time of the election , was very seldom stated in the petition . It was a course seldom followed by any of the petitions since die passing of the last bill ; but now he Collected from the hon . gent , ( who whispered across the table ) that , therefore , all such petitions were in themselves wrong—if it was nor , he entreated of the House to look at the injustice of rejecting this petition now . for it would be a great hardship indeed , to alter the course of proceeding at this moment , and to tell these petitioners at once , for the first lime , that their petition could not be received just on the eve of their trial ; , without any notice whatever , and without any intimation whatever , to the people of this country that such petitions were wrong ; the people of tills country had a right to expect that the House of Commons would not be in the habit of receiving petitions inadvertently and improperly , had a right to take it for granted , that all the petition the House of Commons had received for the lat thirteen years had been regularly received , and they had a right to complain that they had been very improperly treated and deluded by that House , if by its vote it should now tell them that this petition must be rejected . The inconvenience of it would be indescribable , for all other petitions of a similar nature must share the fate of this petition ; there were perhaps twenty of them remaining , and none of them could be received if this was rejected . Such he believed to be the case of perhaps one-half of the petitions now remaining ; of Durham , Aylesbury , Hereford , Stirling , and various other places . It , perhaps , might appear that not one of them contained the allegation required by the hon . gent , of the right to vole at the election ; besides , he said ,