recommitted . The noble earl concluded by moving accordingly . in answer to several points which had fallen from the noble earl observed , that he regretted his absence from the House for some days past , as then lie would be sensible how Hi tie ground existed for the charge of precipitation against ministers in the progress of the bill through the House ; and especially his absence from the Committee on the bill last Saturday , a stage in which many of the noble earl 's observations would more regularly apply . The bill was introduced into that House on Thursday , read a second time on Friday , when some discussion of the measure took place , committed on Saturday , and layover for a third reading this day . The bill before the House was merely of an explanatory nature , and very limited in its operation ; it tended to do away certain practical difficulties , for which an immediate legislative interposition was obviously necessary . These principally related , as appeared by the bill , to certain points of exemption . With respect to the general subject , relative to which a great deal of what had fallen from the noble earl applied , he repeated what he had said on former occasions , that it was certainly in the serious consideration of his 366 Majesty 's government , and they were fully aware of what could be advanced on the grounds of revising and ameliorating the volunteer system , but its extensive and complicated nature was at She same time to be considered ; however , it was intended that no practicable opportunity of doing that which was on all hands deemed so desirable ; and important , should be omitted on the part of ministers . At the same time , though he threw out these observations , he wished to be understood as not pledging himself to the production of any specific measure at any particular time.—Recurring again to some of the noble earl 's detailed observations , he admitted , to a certain degree , some doubts and difficulties had arisen with respect to certain provisions of the relevant acts , and respecting which , the most regular authorities , at the time , were resorted to , namely , the law officers of the crown ; on opinions promulgated by these , the magistrates acted . With respect to the bill , he deemed its provisions fully adequate to obviate those difficulties it professed to remove ; and it was I such as , under all the circumstances of the I case , it was deemed necessary to propose to the legislature : but with regard to any contingent difficulties which might prevail ( or such as seemed to be in the mind of the noble earl ) until it should please Parliament to adopt farther regulations , if such in its wisdom it should deem necessary , that regular quarter which he had alluded to as arbitrating on former occasions , would be again resorted to , for the direction of the magistrates , & c. in the discharge of their duties ; ! he would therefore press the third reading of the bill . in explanation , supported some of the provisions he had in the first instance advanced . He did not think that magistrates were entitled to act in virtue of an opinion delivered by the law officers of the Crown He apprehended that they could only act agreeably to act of Parliament ; and that where any act was inexplicable , they were not entitled to supply its I defects by the opinions of any lawyers , however respectable . If it was meant that the exemptions should extend to volunteers of every description , very few would remain subject to the ballots for the militia and army of reserve ; and he thought it of importance that one mode should not be adopted in one parish and another in another . He adverted to the state of the ballots , & c. in the parts of the country where his was connected .