Let any man only consider the consequence that would attend the adoption of such a system , particularly if a number of troops were ordered abroad , whose period of service was nearly expired , and who possibly might have a claim to be discharged before they could arrive half way to the place of their desti- 188 nation . I am sure when the right hon . gent , reflects a little upon what he has thus recommended , he will have good sense enough to perceive the utter impracticability of it , and candour enough to acknowledge it . I have thus , as far as I am able , replied to every observation of the right hon . gent , which I have conceived to be material . I regret that I have been obliged to trespass so long upon the patience of gentlemen , and that they have been so ill repaid for the attention they have afforded me . —It is not my intention at present , Sir , to follow the example of my right hon . friend , ( Mr. Windham ) in taking that detailed and comprehensive view of the subject before the Committee ; neither is it my intention to go into any retrospective discussion of the measures of government , nor to inquire whether the extraordinary means with which they were entrusted before the last prorogation of parliament , have been exercised with sufficient vigour and ability . Considering the danger with which the country was threatened as not yet past , convinced that the crisis still impends , and that still we have further efforts to exert , and further precautions to adopt , in order to enable us to meet it , I am anxious to direct your attention only to such points as are peculiarly urgent , and on which delay would be inconvenient , if not dangerous ; and to suggest prospectively , the consideration of those objects which are immediately connected with the public security . I am still less inclined at present to examine all the questions that might be included in the resolutions presented to the Committee , opening a wide field of discussion of the conduct of government and the state of our defence . I wish to confine myself particularly to what is more directly before us—the nature , the amount , and the proposed management of the military force of the country . I am the more anxious to do this , as I have the misfortune to differ fundamentally from my right hon . friend , with regard to what should be the nature of that force to which we ought to look as a permanent source of safety throughout the whole of this contest , however long may be its duration . No man thinks more highly than I do of the importance of a regular military force , or of the regular force of this country . No man is more convinced that the excellence of regular military forces is unattainable in the same degree by any species of force which can be employed ; but , in the last session of Parliament , I professed an opinion , which I still maintain , that there are other kinds of force to which , as subsidiary 189 to the regular force , and as composing a safe and efficient system of national defence , it is wise and proper to resort . Parliament itself , by sanctioning and regulating the volunteer system , adopted this principle ; and if in the execution of that system , government have adhered to the policy which Parliament approved , and to the provisions it enacted , they must stand acquitted of all blame . On that subject , however , other parts of their conduct may be liable to censure . I was formerly , and still am of opinion , that to a regular army alone , however superior , however excellent , that to the regular army , even aided by the militia , we ought not solely to trust ; but that in a moment so eventful