other objections which he entertained to a hasty decision upon the subject . He recollected on a former occasion , the total want of discipline that prevailed , while the sentiments of the militia corps were ascertaining upon the point of extension of service ; and he trusted , he should never again have occasion to go round canvassing his men on such a subject . made a few general observations upon the subject in support of the arguments advanced by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) . He would put it to ministers , whether , if similar offers were made on the part of the militia of England , they were prepared to say , they would not propose measures for carrying such into effect ? He expatiated on the importance of the subject , which , it would appear , in the way it seemed to be treated , they were brought to discuss by stealth . expressed his hope , that neither ministers nor the House would allow a question of such importance as the present to be treated of by stealth . On the contrary , he hoped it would fully and 1097 clearly meet the unanimous approbation of parliament . The eulogium of the hon . Bart , on the loyalty of the bulk of the people of Ireland , was unnecessary ? Whoever doubted it ? It was said that the militia service had received a blow ; with respect to that of Ireland , he knew not what blow it received , but he well knew what blows it gave—it gave rebellion in that country a mortal blow , they gave repeated blows to their enemy , —and he was confident they would do so again , whenever the opportunity was afforded them . was proceeding to deliver his sentiments , when he was interrupted by who said , he believed the noble Lord had misconceived the nature of the amendment . He then stated the question and the amendment by which it was proposed to leave out the latter part of the address . then resumed , and observed , he conceived himself at first perfectly in order , as his intention was to express his approbation of the address , as he deemed it highly proper at so critical a period to accept the services which had been tendered with so much loyalty ; he was surprised that any hesitation should exist for a moment to accept the proffered services of so large a body of loyal men in arms . With respect to an equal offer of service on the part of the English militia , he well knew the beneficial tendency of such a proceeding . He recollected their signal services to the empire at large while employed in Ireland . To their exertions the salvation of that country was owing . Were it not that the regiments of Lord Buckingham and the Duke of Rutland landed so opportunely as they did , that country would no longer have appertained to Britain . He hoped the English militia would voluntarily come forward and extend their services to Ireland . But reprobated the idea of this being done in the way of stipulation . Was the ardour of either militia clogged in such a way , it would be injurious to both countries , and an insult to one . He thought the militia of Ireland could render the greatest service to the empire at large , when employed out of Ireland , problematical as this may appear . He felt it to be the case . He felt how it must operate , when a father and two or three of his sons were , perhaps , fighting against the rest of his family . He Was aware of the effect of religious preju- 1098 dices , which he lamented did yet unavoidably exist . In short , he was convinced those men would be more advantageously employed any where than at their own thresholds . made a few observations in support of what had fallen front gentlemen on his side of the House .