to the complaints of different persons against the Irish govt . for their conduct on that occasion , I shall produce three Letters to Mr. Marsden from Mr. 776 Clarke , col. Aylmer , arid Mr. Goring , and one from Mr. Finlay to Mr. Wickham . [ Here the right hon . sec . of state read parts of these letters ; that of Mr. Clarke particularly alluded to an article in `` Cobbett 's Political Register . '' Mr. Clark declared in his letter , that he had always received the most polite and ready attention to his communications , and praised the conduct of govt . inrespect to the transactions alluded to . ] On the Saturday the accounts became more serious . The lord lieut . received the letter of Mr. Marsden while gen. Fox was with him . The hon . general who spoke last , has asserted that the govt . was surprised . But how can that be possibly for a moment contended , when they were so well prepared at 2 o'clock , and the insurrection did rot take place till 9 , and there was a garrison of 4,000 men ? until after the explosion in Patrick-street , I believe the secret was known only to 8 persons . Mr. Emmett , the fabricator of the plot , had spent his property , about £3000 , in purchasing this depot ; he had , therefore , no need to go about for voluntary subscriptions , as had been the case in some such schemes , and thereby make it known As to the quantity of arms in this place , there has been considerable mistakes . The man who was the keeper of the depot has said , that the whole consisted of 4 muskets , 12 blunderbusses , 3000 pikes , and 12 case-pistols , with a rich general 's uniform , and some others which were worn when the riot broke out . Now , at 3 o'clock the lord lieut . and the commander in chief , were apprised of the probability of a riot . As soon as the general got home to Kilmainham , he wrote to col. Manley , to take care of the depot at Island Bridge & c , at the time stating , that he apprehended a rising , in consequence of information received by government . After this statement , it seems impossible to say , that either the civil or the military govt . was surprized ; for certainly the riot happened to neither of them unexpectedly . The garrison was fully sufficient for every purpose . It consisted of the 16ih reg . of dragoons , one of the finest beg in Europe , of the 26th , 31st , 38th , and 62d reg . of veteran infantry , of 6 or 800 men each , together with the depot of artillery , making altogether about 4 , C00 men.—Now , if a comparison is made between Dublin and London , and it is considered how much the former is inferior in size to the latter , it must be admitted that such a force was fully sufficient for such a city as Dublin . If any man will say , and can prove , that that force was not sufficient for the defence of Dublin , then , indeed , I will admit that blame does 777 attach to the Irish govt . So much for the state of the military defence of Dublin.—I shall next revert to the state of that place , so far as regarded the civil power , and the precautions which had been taken by the municipal officers . The lord mayor of Dublin was informed of the intended insurrection , in the course of the day of the 23d , 2nd had been with Mr. Marsden on the subject . It also appears from the examination of Mr. Carlton , that Alderman Alexander had been informed of a riot being expected to take place that day , and desired he might be prepared for it . In addition to this ,