whatever of his Majesty 's royal functions or authorities.—The question being then put on Lord Hawkesbury 's motion , rose and spoke in substance as follows.—He considered the important measure of continuing the restriction on the Irish Bank , 2s intimately connected with the question put by the noble lord who sat near him ( King ) , as the furtherance of such measures , and , indeed , of all measures , necessarily supposed , that every part of the constitution was in full vigour . He was sure that every noble lord in the House heard the noble Secretary 's answer with the highest satisfaction , and every individual in the country must also feel the same satisfaction , and the most lively gratitude to Providence , at the consoling intelligence , that the Sovereign , whom all loved and revered , was again in a 636 situation to exercise his royal functions . It was well said , that the most awful responsibility rested upon ministers , in case of their misleading the public ; but , he could not believe , that they could possibly forget their duty to their country and their Sovereign so completely , as to forward any important measure , or give it the royal sanction , unless they were in possession of that confidence with his Majesty , which would enable them to obtain his consent and approbation , which alone gave any consequence to their official situation in the eyes of the public . The noble Sec . had said , that there was at present no suspension whatever of the royal functions . He would mention to the House how he understood this declaration . When , previous to this period , the public mind had been alarmed with the unwelcome accounts of his Majesty 's illness , both Houses of Parliament had provided what was to be done on such an occasion , if such should in future occur . The state of convalesence of his Majesty , which would render any interference of Parliament unnecessary , was then settled to he at that particular point , when his Majesty should not be disabled , by his indisposition , from coming down to his Parliament . This was not the passing words of a speech , or any opinion actually given , but it stood upon the records of Parliament . So far , then , the records of Parliament precluded all necessity of discussion upon the subject , and fixed the precise stage of indisposition , when the interference of the legislature became necessary . From the declaration which the noble Sec . of State had now made , we understand , with the settled rule of Parliament on this subject in view , that his Majesty was , now completely restored to that degree of health and vigour , which enabled him to come to his Parliament , and in the exercise of the royal functions personally transact the business of the nation . Understanding the noble Sec . in this sense , and if his idea was wrong he wished to be corrected , he could not but most heartily partake in the high satisfaction which the House , and the nation in general , must feel at such an unexpected account of his Majesty 's state of health . He rejoiced , that at this tremendous crisis , when we were menaced with a formidable invasion , our efforts were not likely to be damped by sorrow at the heavy calamity of our Sovereign 's indisposition . He hoped no point of false delicacy had induced ministers to make this declaration , and that they would recollect , that while they performed their duty conscientiously to their Sovereign , they had also a duty to perform to the public . Heartily must their lordships , and the whole body 637 of the nation , thank the noble lord who had put the question in this House which had Jed to an answer so well calculated to spread joy and delight over this country . The subject was , no doubt , delicate , and