ground of She 615 exemptions granted to the volunteers ; but I would ask , can any man seriously contend that such an argument is not well founded , and that those exemptions have not materially impeded the ballots for the militia and the army of reserve , and also crippled the recruiting for the regular army ? The fact is too notorious to be denied . My hon . friend , however , took up these exemptions as a matter justly doe to the volunteers , and highly right in ministers to propose and Parliament to adopt . But , if it was a matter of right , it was certainly right by mistake , for there is no doubt that ministers did pot intend to grant tuck exemptions at the time the volunteer bill was passed last summer . If they did , it doss not appear on the face of that bill ; and sure I am , that it was not so understood in any part of the country that I have heard of . On the contrary , I remember that subscriptions were set on foot in various parishes , to relieve the volunteers from the ballots for the militia or army of reserve , by providing substitutes for such of them as might be chosen for cither of those descriptions of force . Is it possible , then , if exemptions were in the contemplation of the framers of the bill I have mentioned , that it should be so universally misunderstood : and yet , it seems , it was ; for some time after the enactment of this bill , out crime the opinion of the attorney-general , who was not , I must suppose , at all consulted in the first instance ; or the bill would have been explicit . No ! Ministers first frame Acre of Parliament to puzzle him , and then they ask his opinion upon them . His opinion upon subjects thus circumstanced were likely to be erroneous and so they have happened to be.—I am flattered that ray opinion respecting the preference of an armed peasantry to the volunteer system happens to agree with that of the hon . officer to whom I have already referred . But my hon . friend has said , that the volunteers would be preferable for active service . I would , however , appeal to his judgment , whether they could be competent to the same duties as a regular army ; and whether they can be fit for any other description of service as an active , hardy , armed peasantry ? The hon . gent . who spoke last has referred to the state of the volunteers in a particular county : but does he mean to say , that the state of our force would not be much improved , that the defence of the counties of Sussex and Kent would not be better secured by the establishment of the principle of an armed peasantry , than by the present ? amount of the volunteer force , to be found hi these or in any of the other counties 616 particularly on the coast ? Some stress has been laid on the advantages likely to arise from the colour of the cloathing , & c. of the volunteers , as contrasted with an armed peasantry ; but this very difference I reckon among the defects of the volunteer system ; and the quibbling remarks on a smock-frocked army are not worthy of reply . If the amount of the volunteers be dwelt upon ; if I am told that we have in them an army of 400,000 men , I answer , that by resorting to an armed peasantry , we might have two millions , and more effective , requiring less drilling , easier prepared for the objects to which it is right to apply them , and less expensive . My principal objections to the volunteers , indeed , arise out of their expense and their mode of instruction , and to the latter particularly . Too much time is employed in endeavouring