his power . He concluded by moving , `` that the sum of five millions be raised by loan on exchequer bills , for the service of the year 1804 . '' This motion being agreed to , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . I rise , Sir , in consequence of a notice which I gave a few days ago , for leave to bring in two bills to continue two acts ; the one for suspending the Habeas Corpus Act , and the other for the re-enactment of Martial Law in Ireland . The house may be assured , that it is with the sincerest regret for the circumstances which render this measure necessary , that I now come forward to perform this painful duty . I am sorry to be obliged to propose any measure that may trench upon the liberies of the subject , or any of those blessings which this country justly values at so high a rate . But , Sir , it is the misfortune of the times in which we are destined to live , that we are not permitted to enjoy our lives , our liberties , or our possessions , without being daily called upon to sacrifice some part of our privileges in order to preserve the remainder , to sacrifice the best blood of the country in support of the contest in which we are engaged , and to abridge our liberties in order to preserve the existence of liberty itself . But this is no more than our ancestors often thought proper to do . There exists , however , this lamentable difference , that the periods during which it was necessary to resort to measures of this sort , were extremely short with them ; but we can never rest in complete security , nor think either our privileges or our lives in safety , while France , after spreading devastation and death over her tributaries on the continent , looks with malignant envy on the happy spot , and longs to extend her fiend-like fangs to crush us also , and level us 66 with the lowest of her slaves . It will be needless for me to state more particularly than I have done , the object of these bills . It will be recollected that they passed towards the conclusion of last session , inconsequence of a message from his Majesty , stating the insurrection that had broken out in the city of Dublin , and the atrocious circumstances with which it was attended . The house very properly passed those acts without any hesitation ; when passed , they gave confidence to the loyal inhabitants of Ireland , and enabled them to suppress the rebelion with celerity . The particular circumstances which gave rise to and accompanied that most unhappy transaction , has now been developed by the trials of several of the leaders and their adherents , before the ordinary courts of judicature , and according to the ordinary forms of law . The proceedings on these occasions have been published , and to them I refer the house fur information whereon to found their judgment , as to the nature and extent of the conspiracy , as well as to the expediency of the present motion . Exclusive of the information contained in these trials , his Majesty 's government are in possession of other facts , which the house must feel it would be highly improper to attempt to detail at the present moment . I may , however , be permitted to state , that notwithstanding the declaration of one of them ( Emmett ) , I have every reason to believe , that the leaders of that insurrection were connected with persons residing in France , and those persons , traitors , immediately connected with the French government , if the conspirators were not immediately connected with it themselves . It is also clear , that some of the traitors who were in France , came over to Ireland for the purpose of exciting rebellion , and that they calculated