right to complain of the right hon . gent , for finding this opinion given by these learned gentlemen , which now appears not to be law to be , namely , that a volunteer could not resign . The right hon . gent , caused it to be most industriously circulated and published all over the country , by which the public have for a while been misled , and this step was the more remarkable , since it was an opinion promulgating that as law which the right hon . gent , has this night told us , he did not wish to continue to be the law , for he has expressly declared , that if the law had been found to be so , he should have , proposed to alter it , and to make it what it now is . Having said thus much , I must add , that I feel extremely anxious that justice should be done to the volunteers in every particular . With regard to that part of the volunteer system which is called the economical part of it , they are greatly mistaken who conceive it to be so to the public . Who are the public ? The individuals of whom it is composed . Now it is a gross mistake to suppose , that a system by which no money is taken out of the public purse in form , does not really ' cause a great expense to the public . The expense to the public is the same in whatever way it is defrayed , if it comes out if the pockets of the individuals , of whom she public is composed ; for what difference can there be between paying 50l . into a subscription chest to support a volunteer 448 corps , ( which subscription , by the way , may ere long become compulsory ) , and paying a tax to that amount into the exchequer ? And , in this respect , I assert that this system is extremely expensive to the public , for , at a very moderate computation , it is upwards of 4l . per tnan.—Another objection to the system is , that , from their form and condition , the volunteer corps are continually subject to , and in daily danger of , being dissolved : not that the individuals of whom die volunteer corps are composed want spirit , for if dissolved in one street , I am confident they would enter again in the next ; but they are subject every hour to the danger of dissolution . Suppose they were to say , that they did not like their commander , and that they wanted to chuse another , and they were not to be allowed that privilege , and that thy should not have the satisfaction even of recommending another officer , as the right hon . gent , has told them they shall not , and they were to say they were no longer volunteers ? What , Sir , is the remedy ? A very short one , certainly ; they must be dismissed . But , if they amounted to 100O men—this would be a prodigious loss , at least for a while , and this is a matter which I wish to be attended to by his Majesty 's ministers.—There is another evil connected with volunteer corps , from whence I am apprehensive they may be dissolved , and that is a want of funds to carry on the system . This is a point which government must look into with great attention , and if they neglect it , I venture to predict , that it will be impossible to carry on this system long . They is no corps of which I have any knowledge , that is not in some degree or other in debt . Many corps have endeavoured to excel others in their dress and ornaments , which I certainly do not blame . It is natural enough when men fee the ardour of a military spirit , but it is attended with