, belongs , in the first instance , the responsibility of communication . It is , undoubtedly , a very nice and difficult point to decide , what the actual situation of ministers is , because they are left in a situation , for which the constitution has made no provision . Without at present entering into that discussion , I am clearly of opinion , that they being up to the moment of the supposed inability of his Majesty to exercise his royal functions , entrusted with the management of public affairs , it is not possible that they can be displaced from their situations , or absolved from the duties of their offices , until the fact is ascertained by Parliament . I will not take upon myself to say how long the communication may be delayed , or at what moment it ought to be made ; but , undoubtedly , 4be danger and pressure of the moment may , even against men 's wishes and feelings , create a sort of impatience upon this point , and make it a public duty to call for direct communication to Parliament . I do , therefore , hope , that ministers will HOI , both for the sake of the Sovereign and of the country , push any feelings of delicacy , and sentiments of reverence and affection , which they , in common with every loyal man in the country , must feel ; I hope , I say , they will not push those sentiments to the extent of endangering that , which has always been the dearest object of his Majesty 's care , viz . the safety of those subjects whose happiness it has been the study of his life to promote . Having said this , God forbid that I should anticipate the melancholy moment of their being obliged , by the continuance of his Majesty 's illness , to adopt any measure upon the subject ; but , at present , I am of opinion , that the responsibility of making 520 the communication ought to be left where it is now placed ; and , whatever may be my opinion of the conduct of ministers upon other points , I can not believe that they will push , to a dangerous and criminal excess , that awful responsibility which belongs to them . In the mean time , there does not appear to me to exist any circumstance which calls upon us to suspend all our Parliamentary duties : until that communication-to which I have before alluded be made to Parliament ( and which I most fervently hope it will never be necessary to make ) we are bound , by the duty which we owe to our country , especially in the arduous situation in which it is now placed , not to abandons our functions , or to . neglect our duties ; for if any thing could aggravate the feelings of public affliction , or place the country in a stale of real danger , it would be if any sudden alarm should occur in the interval when the exercise of the royal functions was suspended , and when Parliament had abandoned its duty , and abstained from proceeding with the necessary measures ; because , by preparing for the royal assent , they might accelerate the effect of any legislative measure which it might be necessary to adopt to strengthen the country in the present crisis . I feel the measure which is appointed for discussion this day , viz . the volunteer bill , as coming under this description ; not indeed , the measure itself , at least in its present , shape , but the subject with which it is connected , because I think it may be made the means of giving us more substantial and effectual means of defence than those we now possess . I do not mean to say , that we have not now great and sufficient means of defence , but that they may still be more completely organised and consolidated . I am , therefore , most