They may defend the lord lieut . for his feel lag ; but let them not attempt to deny its existence . Let us , then , have the whole of die papers laid before us , or let us have none of them . It will then be impossible to give false gloss by garbled extracts , and , upon a consideration of the whole , the House will we able to judge and decide . I am confident lit they must then see that the utmost 780 anxiety to avoid alarm prevailed in lord Hardwicke 's mind ; and that he disbelieved , totally disbelieved , the intelligence which had been communicated of an impending disturbance.—As the right hon . gent , considered himself obliged to advert to certain facts , in which he felt a personal interest , I mast be indulged in following his example ; but first I must remark on what another hon . gent said , as to the notices which have been given on this subject . He says that an hen . relation of mine gave notice of a motion respecting the late commander in chief in Ireland and that I had likewise given notice of a motion . In lilts he is mistaken ; for I always felt , that however I might be gratified in supporting this , or any motion of a more personal nature , I was not the most proper person to bring the business before the House . My hon . relation ( admiral Berkeley ) said , that if it should be stated to the House by ministers that no blame was imputed to gen. Fox , then it was not the wish , of that officer , that any inquiry should be gone into on his account . This the right hon . gent , thought fit to state ; and of course the motion of my hon . relation fell to the ground . If , however , the government here , as in Ireland , are still disposed to defend themselves by imputing that blame to my hon . relation , late the commander in chief in Ireland , the infamy is theirs , and he stands acquitted . Here let me ask , however , whether lord Hardwicke , as well as ministers here , has acquitted gen. Fox , and ceased to defend himself by imputing blame to that gallant officer ? Let us lock at the conduct of the Irish government and we must be convinced that they have not . The right hon . gent , says , that a coolness arose between the lord heat , and the commander in chief , and it was impossible that both could remain in the offices they held . Bat when did this coolness arise ? I assert that this coolness did not arise till many days after the affair of the 23d , and that a perfect good understanding continued between them . But when accounts came from England , stating the impression made by that affair in this country , and when the lord lieutenant , perhaps to , his second surprise , found that every body was crying out against the Irish government for having been surprised , then , perhaps , it was insinuated to him by those around him , that the best way to defend himself was to blame others , and that the disgrace of the commander in chief would screen the castle from ail censure . Something of this kind seems to have been the progress , if we can judge from the effect . From that moment , indeed a coolness did exist , and the com- 781 mander in chief did resign , because he knew that it was the wish of the lord lieut that he should do so ; and in such circumstances my hon . relation , feeling that he could not serve he public usefully , did resign ; but , surely , that was a very different thing from a voluntary resignation , and it must have been considered so by the world .