neglect its duty , which I apprehend it will do , if it declines entering into the present inquiry . I see no inconvenience likely to arise from this investigation that can be put into the scale and weighed against the public benefit likely to result from it . I hate the greatest esteem for my noble friend , and the highest opinion of his talents and abilities , but I am so entirely dissatisfied with his arguments upon this occasion , that I shall most certainly vote for the present motion . —Sir ; I beg the attention of the House to a few observations which I am desirous of submitting to their consideration respecting the present motion . I am not a roan who wishes to imitate any other man 's manner , nor follow any other man 's sentiments . I rise at present partly to offer my acknowledgements to the right hon . gent . who has just sat down , for the great attention he has paid to Ireland , and for the lively interest with which he seems on the present occasion to be impressed in favour of that part of the united empire . After having said thus much , I hope I may be allowed to doubt whether any of the good purposes , intended to be obtained by the motion , are likely to be the result of it . The hon . baronet who brought it forward said , in one part of his speech , that he did not know why the hon . admiral , who originally brought it forward , had given up she question I believe , I can tell him : and my opinion is , that he meant to clear up the 763 character of a very good and meritorious officer , which he thought had been wounded by the manner in winch he had been obliged to leave Ireland , but which he has since found , from the most unequivocal and repeated declarations of his Majesty 's ministers , was not in any respect impeached by them , nor did any one of them ever entertain , for a moment , the least thought that was not highly honourable to that gallant and deserving officer.—I think the motion assumes also more than it ought to do . It assumes , in the first place , that the Irish government has not done its duty ; and , 2dly , that this is the best time forgoing into an inquiry on the subject . I can not see the matter at all in this light . I see nothing in the conduct of the Irish government , on the 23d of July , that is , in any degree , so extraordinary as many hon . gentlemen would endeavour to represent it . Many other governments besides this , have at former periods been in equally unfortunate circumstances . I think I can in my own person remember to have seen a much larger city than Dublin , which was also the metropolis of a much more extensive country , in a state of conflagration for several successive days , when her prisons were in broad-day thrown open , and burned to the ground ; private houses marked out for pillage and devastation , and its high court of Parliament actually sitting during the whole time , and this done by an infatuated and drunken multitude , not confined to a few hundreds , as was the case in Dublin , but amounting to at least 40 000 ; and yet no mention has ever been made of calling for an inquiry into the conduct of I he government of that country to which I allude . It . is very possible , I think , that secret meetings may take place without government becoming acquainted with them . I agree with the right hon . gent. , that the death of Lord Kilwarden has given a melancholy aspect to this affair , and has caused an infinite , deal of blame to be thrown on the Irish government which it does not