take notice of was , that of the exemptions of the volunteers . The hon . officer had stated broadly and roundly , that these exemptions had had the effect of hindering the recruiting of our army , the raising of tile army of reserve , and of interrupting the progress of the militia , and possibly that it might have had the effect ( for some times that had been insisted upon ) of hindering the raising of our marine force ; that was , the force of land men of the navy . The best answer to these round and broad assertions was , that they were contrary to the fact as it stands . As it was only an assertion without proof , he should have thought it would have been followed up by some arguments to 603 shew at least the probability of this assertion ; but the hon . officer had been contented with staling it as a fact , Now , he would ask , upon the subject of these exemptions , if there was any thing to hinder volunteers from entering into the service of the navy or of the regular army in any part of the world ? He knew of no such exemption ; he knew of nothing that prevented any volunteer from entering as a substitute in any part of the army , neither did he know of any exemption which prevented a volunteer from entering as a substitute to serve in the militia . Nor did he believe that any considerable number of the volunteers would have served either in the militia or the army of reserve if they had no exemption ; for he knew the great bulk of them to be persons capable of providing substitutes , and this was the last part and most material one , in the whole of the hon . officer 's speech upon what he called the evils of the exemptions of the volunteers , for he had pressed it much to the House , that many of the volunteers , if drawn , must have served personally in the militia and in the army of reserve , because they could not find substitutes . Now , to judge of that , it would be necessary to see the number of substitutes who are now serving , and then it would appear that with regard to the militia and the army of reserve , the numbers were not one to 1000 of those who could not provide substitutes ; and thus it appeared to him that gentlemen would do better if they adhered a little more to matter of fact , and indulged less in speculations and round assertions upon these topics ; a little more adherence to the fact would have spared the observation that the volunteer system had prevented the raising of the militia and the army of reserve . As to the price which these substitutes would have cost for the army of reserve , the principle upon which gentlemen proceeded was erroneous , the price was not higher now than it had been in the course of the last war . This exemption of the volunteers had been stiled a bonus : now , in considering this matter , and estimating the value of tin 's exemption , the correct way was , not to consider the price of a substitute , but the price of the insurance by which a man might secure a substitute in the event of his being drawn . Now upon that subject the average price in Scotland was a guinea and a half in some instances a guinea , in many a guinea and a half in some few , two guineas , but never higher than two guineas ; and then be would ask , what became of this famous bonus ? What was granted to the volunteer by way of exemption , was next 604 to nothing in value ; and the volunteer in this respect , instead of receiving a bonus sustained a loss , and that a considerable one , by being a volunteer , instead of