Ireland . He regarded this event as a most favourable opening , and which , he trusted , would lead to further interchanges and co-operations of the respective forces of both parts of the United Kingdom . made a few observations to the same general effect as those which fell from the noble Earl.—The question was then put , and the motions of the noble Secretary of State ordered accordingly . moved , that the Volunteer Consolidation Bill , be read a second time to-morrow.—Ordered . said , that he had several motions connected with this measure to submit to the Mouse , but which he trusted would meet with no opposition . His motions were , for copies of the circular letters issued by the Secretary of State , on the subject of volunteer corps . 2dly , for the number of volunteer corps who had waved their right to exemptions , 3dly , for 1018 the number of volunteer corps , whose offers of service had not been extended to the whole of G. Britain , distinguishing the places to which such service was limited . signified , that he had no objection to the noble Lord 's motions.—The questions were then put , and the motions severally agreed to . made a few observations relative to the future progress of the volunteer bill . He called the attention of the House to the great variety of important clauses and provisions which the bill contained . He did not think it probable the measure could be thoroughly discussed in a committee before the recess ; he was therefore of opinion , that the detailed discussion of the bill should be postponed until after that period . He adverted to the circumstances of the very important information which was necessary to the due elucidation of the measure just moved for by his noble friend ( Lord Grenville ) , which most probably could not be presented early enough for that part of the discussion , supposing it to come on before the recess . Upon the whole , the noble Earl seemed to think , that as there was no probability of the bill 's getting through the committee before the recess , it would be preferable to postpone it , as a partial discussion of the measure before that period , in a committee , would rather be a disadvantage than of a beneficial tendency . observed , it was his wish that the bill should go through a committee . As to the probable length of the discussion in that stage of the bill , he could not venture an opinion , as he could not tell what clauses or provisions any noble Lord might have to propose , or what objections may be offered to the existing regulations of the bill ; but if he found that it was not possible , or very improbable , that their Lordships could get through with that stage of the bill fully before the recess , he should be rather inclined not to propose it , as he agreed with the noble Earl in deeming , that in such a case the proceeding would be rather disadvantageous than otherwise . moved for the production of an account of all sums , & c. paid at par , to persons in and from Ireland , on the part of the government thereof , since the Union , and distinguishing the sums so paid , in the present session of Parliament , with an account of the 1019 average of exchange during that period , together with a statement of the orders from the government of Ireland , under which such sums were paid , & c. expressed his wish to amend the noble Earl 's motion , by the addition of account of all sums paid in specie in Dublin , to the same , if any were so paid . '' This was shortly objected to by the Earl of Limerick , on the score of irregularity , and as it may form ground to the noble Lord for a separate discussion.—And after a few words in explanation between