Parliament , `` that they had signed the death warrant of their country . '' * The affairs of the country have been in their hands , without interruption , from that day to this . And can we venture to say , that the gloomy forebodings then expressed have made no progress towards their accomplishment , or that the hon . gentlemen do not bid fairer to put the fuddling stroke to the work which they were then supposed to have begun ? With these impressions , it is childish to talk of forbearing opposition , in cases where opposition would otherwise be proper , for fear of impeding the exertions of the hon . gentlemen , or exciting a belief that the country was not safe in their hands . Were I to forbear any opportunities of so doing , I am sure it must be from motives far different from those of regard for the safety of the country.—With respect to the address itself , notwithstanding the care which has been taken , and properly taken , to avoid any occasion of difference , objections to it would not be wanting , were this the moment for insisting upon ihem.—In point of taste , I could have wished , that less even had been said , than has been , of the conquests in the West Indies , and the impression thereby made on the enemy . Wretched , indeed , must be our view of things , if , at a moment like the present , we can amuse ourselves with such objects , and not see , that to the contempt in which the enemy holds them compared with the immense projects which , he is meditating , we owe , in great measure , the facility with which they have fallen into our hands.—Upon the subject of Ireland , I agree entirely in the remarks made yesterday by an honourable gentleman ( Mr. Fox ) , that the hope expressed is too sanguine , either for the nature of the thing , or for any confidence to be reposed in the testimony , on which we receive it . I agree with him also , in the fears which I understood him to express , —fears very far from being allayed by what we have heard subsequently , —that the views entertained respecting Ireland , and seeming in some degree to * The following is the passage to which Mr. Windham alludes.— '' Sir , I speak in perfect plainness and sincerity , from the bottom of my heart , and with the solennito of a death-bed declaration a situation much ressembling that in which we all stand ) , when I declare , that my honourable friends , who , in a moment of rashness and weakness , have fatally put their hands to this treaty , have signed the death warrant to their country They have given it a blow , under which it may languish for a few years , but from which I do not conceive how it is possible for it ever to recover , '' See Political Register , Vol 2 , p. 1093 . 37 be indicated in the speech , were far from being of a sort which promised tranquillity or safety to that kingdom . But the part perhaps of the address most objectionable , is that concluding paragraph , which speaks of the issue of the present contest . The language there held has too much tendency to countenance a notion , than which nothing can be more false and foolish , that by the issue of the present contest is to be under stood only the issue of the invasion ; which once past and decided in our favour , all be yond is to be security and glory . We know how readily the minds of men out of doors , will run into such a notion , and we may suspect even some of a higher description within these walls ; but nothing could be more disgraceful or fatal than that such a notion should appear for a moment to be