as we are threatened , not only with the acknowledged determination of the enemy , but with his increased power of effecting an invasion , we should redouble our efforts , and be ready to guard against every possible risk which may be hazarded against our independence ! and happiness.—The next point to which I shall beg leave , to call the attention of the House is , that species of naval force which Is bet calculated to meet and defeat that preparing by the enemy , to accomplish the great and favourite object of invasion . I believe , that at the commencement of the last year , it occurred to the lords of the Admiralty , that the kind of force best calculated to act against the attempts which might be made to effect a descent was , that more peculiarly fitted to display itself in shoal water ; and I have good grounds to believe , that the lords of the Admiralty , thinking so , were of 876 opinion , that it ought to be considerably augmented . But although they were of that opinion , in the month of January , 1803 , yet I can state to the House , without the fear of contradiction , that only 23 gun-vessels were provided for , as an augmentation to this species of naval force , 5 of which were to he completed in 3 , and the remainder in 6 months , I mean , Sir , that this provision against invasion was undertaken to be carried into effect in the month of January , 1804 . Yet of all the vessels likely to be employed with success , this craft was , of all others , the most eligible , whether its means of defence and annoyance are to be considered , or the . water on which it is destined to act . The lords of the Admiralty , convinced , however , of the necessity of employing it , took same measures for an establishment of that nature ; and I am naturally led to inquire into the steps which they pursued to complete so desirable an object . They determined to have.5 gun-boats ready in three mouths , and the whole , constituting ; 23 , finished for actual service in 6 months . It is undoubtedly a very material point to inquire why this augmentation was not thought of at an earlier period . Am I , Sir , to recapitulate the various motives which should have accelerated increased exertion ? Were I to do so , I should merely restate what has been obvious to every man of common sense and common observation . In the month of August , when we saw the , necessity of augmented efforts ; when we saw transports for the conveyance of troops collecting daily in the port of Boulogne when we saw them gaining new strength and new additions , during the fine weather , to the months of November and December , and when we knew that they had increased to upwards of 1OOO . in the same port , independent of the armaments in Helvoet , in . the Texel , in Brest , and other points of attack ; what reason , let me ask , can be assigned for the gross neglect which has taken place in this respect ? But above all , Sir , let me ask what defence can be set up for this extraordinary conduct , when we were told by government itself , that we were threatened with invasion from day to day when we had , it I am not very much misinformed , reason to believe that 100. strong gun-boats were collected at Boulogne ready to convoy and protect the enemy 's flotilla , assembled in that same port ? In stating all these circumstances , it is hardly necessary for me , I think , to apply them to the subject under our discussion . Having , as I have observed , all these proofs before us , I wish to know , and trust I shall not be const-