that the exemptions having been given and enjoyed , without distinction , equally by all , to take them back now from three-fourths of that force , would be setting a mark on them , which would operate as a discouragement , Whether the volunteer system was the wisest that could have been formed at first , was not now the question ; but , having gone so far in it , it would be madness now to abandon it . No person contended that it should be abandoned , at least he hoped not . rose to propose a course of proceeding , which would obviate much trouble . It was , that as a great number of clauses were to be proposed by the movers of the bill , as well as by others , which it was impossible , however intelligible they may be to the proposers , that those who never before heard them should understand , so as to decide on the instant the propriety of adopting or rejecting them , whether it would not be better to have them all admitted into the bill pro forma this night , and printed for discussion on the report or recommitment , when they should have been fully considered . He foresaw , that this proposition afforded room for an objection , that many clauses would get into the bill which its proposers did not approve of , and which being inconsistent with each other , gave rise to a charge of inconsistency against those who drew them up ; but he thought 668 this objection was but apparent and ought to be overcome for the sake of convenience , and of coming better prepared to the discussion . defended the motives of the volunteer offers of service . He adverted to the deficiency in the Sussex militia , which arose from the necessity of finding substitutes from the county itself , or the adjacent counties . The county itself was not a manufacturing county , consequently it wanted one of the principal sources of recruiting its militia . It was a maritime county , having no adjoining county on 90 miles of its border . observed , that the principle of obtaining substitutes from the county itself , or the adjoining county , was universal , and one . of the oldest in the militia laws.—In answer to the proposition of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , it must be obviously inadmissible so far as it went to the reception of ail clauses of whatever description . But if it was agreeable , he would state the substance of the clauses he had to propose , which might be agreed to pro forma , and the bill being reprinted with them , might be discussed again on Tuesday . The right hon . gent , behind him ( Mr. Pitt ) , and any other gent , who had clauses , might then propose them , and they would be debated . hoped , after what had been said , that the hon baronet would see the propriety of withdrawing his clause . If the clause was adopted , it would be partial in its operation , as the ballot bad taken place in some districts , ' and consequently the benefit of the exemptions was enjoyed in those districts ; in other districts it had not taken place , and , consequently , the exemptions would be denied in those districts , if the clause was allowed to pass . He should , before a distant day , move , that returns of all the volunteer corps should be obtained , distinguishing the classes . He was sure it would then be found that the number bene-fitted by the exemptions was very few . was ready to accede to the proposition made by his right hon . friend , and assented to by the Sec . of Stale , if the hon . baronet , in withdrawing his clause , was to be understood to mean to bring it forward again . He would not , however , deprive himself