materially from the hon . gent . Independently of the disadvantages that might arise from such an investigation , during a war not yet terminated , on which he was not disposed to lay very great stress , he had stronger and very ostensible reasons for objecting to the motion . The government were not in possession of the circumstances that preceded the rupture ; and , therefore , any investigation of the kind proposed by the present motion , must necessarily terminate unsatisfactorily , and to the obvious prejudice of the noble lord ( Wellesley ) to whom the government of India was entrusted . Without having all the circumstances that led to the war , it would be impossible to form a proper estimate of the case , or to do any justice to the conduct of the governor-general . The Mouse must wait , therefore , till the necessary communications be received by his Majesty 's government . Such a communication was soon to be expected . That it should have been made sooner was impossible , from the date at which the war took place . It had been said that the war commenced in the beginning of June , but instead of this it was not till the 6th of August that hostilities took place . The communications between the Mysore and Poonah could not be effected in less than a month , and the latest communications received from Madras were of the first of September : there must be 871 necessarily many documents therefore , in regard to the preliminaries , of which government could not be in possession , and which were absolutely necessary to do justice to die noble lord 's conduct . He bad no objection to the principle , but be was not able at present to comply with the motion . He was ready , however , as soon as government should be in possession of the necessary documents , net only to comply with the motion , but even apprize the hon . gent , as soon as such dispatches are received . was of opinion that , though the war might not have commented till the period stated by the noble lord , yet there must necessarily be many circumstances previous to open hostilities which ought certainly to have been communicated to government . It was not of the 6th of August only to which he wished to look back but to trace the war to its source . From the moment that orders had been given , to march the troops from the Mysore , the commencement of the war was certainly to be dated The very march of that army , he would insist , was against the acts and resolutions of the House as much as any event on the 6tb of August . The moment Lord Wellesley issued those orders to his army , he ought to have sent dispatches at the same time to this country , stating his reasons for such measures ; But he was apprehensive there was too frequently a suppression of documents . All the proceedings of the government of India ought to appear on the records of the Company , and be regularly transmitted to this country . Were this the case , we should at all times have the fullest information . He was afraid that the war had originated in aggression on our part , and was owing to that spirit of ambition that had been too prevalent in India , and which particularly had characterized the government of the noble lord . But , whatever be the issue of the war , he contended , it mast be disastrous in its consequences . If attended with success , our empire in India must be as large as the two peninsulas , and consequently ready to fall in pieces by its own weight But , should we be defeated in our attempts at aggrandizement , the most probable , consequence is , that we shall be turned out of India , and a period put at once to our empire Here the hon . gent