increased . Coercion is , in a I cases , as much as possible , to be avoided in a free country ; and coercion to men who deserved so much of their country , was what his Majesty 's ministers were most anxious to avoid . We accepted voluntary offers of service as far superior to compulsory labours ; but , if contrary to ail expectation and probability , the right of resignation once admitted , should be improperly abused , his Majesty 's power of calling for the services of individuals acting in this way would revert , and all who had thought proper to decline voluntary service , once offered , would be forced to learn the use of arms under tie respective classes to which they belonged.—It has , Sir , been objected to the volunteer system , that the exemptions are so extensive as to be extremely onerous to that part of the community , which has not the means of being connected with any volunteer association . Here I can not help observing , that on the subject of exemptions the greatest misconception has prevailed . It is not true , Sir , that members of the volunteer corps are exempted from the ballot . It was expressly provided by the law , as it now stood , that the names of all volunteers should be given in to those who were to prepare the lists for the different ballots in the different counties of the kingdom . If they were drawn , they were exempted only in case of their producing satisfactory evidence of their attending the number of drills necessary to grant legal exemption , to my treat surprise , I find that this plain requisition of the law has not keen complied with in a variety of instances . These observations I apply only to the militia ballots . The ballots for the army of reserve are conducted on a footing altogether different , and on this subject the law is so clear as to require no additional 432 explanation.—Let me now , Sir , shortly speak to some of the most striking defects and inconveniencies of the volunteer system . It maybe admitted generally that the volunteer system has in its constitution some defects which are inherent and incurable , while others are such as admit of an easy and efficacious remedy . It will be allowed , among the defects inherent in the volunteer establishment , that it does not admit of as great a degree of discipline as can be obtained in a regularly organized army . That man must be grossly ignorant of the nature of voluntary service who could for a moment suppose that it could be made equal to a regular standing army or the militia , or that it could be regarded in the same light . As great a degree of discipline as possible was to be obtained , but after that object was accomplished it was neither wire nor politic to attempt to press the completion of discipline to a degree inconsistent with the ordinary occupations of those individuals who from the most honourable and patriotic motives have stood forward with the offer of their lives and fortunes for the defence of the empire . Deficiency of discipline , therefore , to a certain extent , was , in this view of the system , to be expected , and it was not to the remedy of such a defect that the bill which he meant to introduce was at all designed to apply , This was an inconvenience which legislative provisions could not remedy , and which indeed would not be severely felt ; if other evils to which remedies were applicable , were removed , the one to which I have alluded will be felt of less importance . A good deal has been objected to on the score of the powers exercised by the committees in certain volunteer corps . I have taken some pains to enquire into this subject , and the result of my investigations has been , that in particular instances such committees may have exercised