of war would teach them the best mode of proceeding . Not having learnt the manoeuvres which are only to be acquired by exercise at drill , they would not be of the full service which might be expected from regular troops . Whatever service , however , was to be expected from them , it would be got in some degree from the first , and they would constantly improve . If they did no good , they would do no harm . If they were not able to cope with the enemy themselves , they would not set the example to others to run away.—In the other way , if not brought to a certain degree of proficiency and military skill , if not trained to a certain extent , the volunteers , by mingling with the regular , would impede and confuse , rather than serve any useful purpose . The great error was in supposing , that army , militia , and volunteers were only different stages of the same thing that as 554 certain anatomists had thought that membrames in certain cases became cartileges , and cartileges became bones , so it seemed to be supposed , that volunteers would , by degrees , grow into militia , and militia in time harden into regular army.—It was not sufficient to say , because an improper system had been gone into , that it ought to be persevered in ; that they had got into a lane in which there was no turning , and therefore that it behoved them to go on . This was his objection to the ideas thrown out by his right hon . friend . If they continued the exemptions , with the other part of the system , they did so at the expense of counteracting the other part of the force of the country . It had been said , that a great many volunteers had entered as recruits . Of that he could entertain no doubt , nor was it possible to be otherwise where the whole population of the country were volunteers . With equal truth had it been asserted , that the Roman Catholics were the only disaffected persons in Ireland , in cases where the rebellion had broken out in a part of the country where none but Roman Catholics resided . The right hon . gent , then alluded to the conduct of the volunteers at Chester , who attacked the gaol , and liberated one of their companions . He did not mean to describe this as the most atrocious of all offences ; nor would he fear to say that , however criminal the conduct , in the motives of these men might be discovered possibly even a degree of virtue . They might be impelled by a generous sentiment of rescuing a comrade unjustly carried away . But it was not thus that the law contemplated such proceedings , and , certainly , not the professors and administrators of the law , who were never backward on these occasions in thundering forth their horror and reprobation , and in repressing these acts of virtue or excuseable irregularity , by a little punishment called hanging . It seemed pretty obvious , that ministers had erected a force of which they now stood in awe , when it was mentioned that the only excuse made for not punishing so flagrant an act was , that the perpetrators of it could not be found out . He declared his horror of unequal punishments , and contrasted the condition of these volunteers with that of the man who was hanged while he ( Mr. Windham ) was secretary at war , for destroying opposite , to the war-office , not a gaol , not a place of authorized confinement , known to the law , and placed immediately under the royal protection , where none could be put but for just cause and by regular process , but . a vile crimping-house ? , the ap- 555 propriate seat of violence and abuse , against which every thing was to be presumed , and where