ministers have used the great powers with . which parliament invested them . Instead of a force comprizing all the flower and strength of the population of the country , they have created one , from whose ranks are excluded three-fourths of the men most capable of defending it . Instead of a force which would have been contemplated with admiration and affection by every ( even the poorest ) man of every parish that sent it forth , they have constituted . a privileged body , the object of envy and dislike to the poorer and more numerous classes of the community , oppressed as they are , and disgusted as they must be , at those exemptions granted to the volunteers , by which the whole weight of the ballots ( operating us a heavy pecuniary tax ) is thrown upon those who are least capable of bearing it . Instead of a force established upon a basis as extensive as the population , as permanent as the constitution of the country , they have created one which is insufficient even now , and of which the ministers , who are its warmest advocates , have lately told us , that it is impossible , to pronounce how great a defalcation of its numbers may shortly be expected : a force , which when Parliament assembles to frame , laws for its government , or regulations for its improvement , you are told , not that these laws are unjust , not that these regulations are unnecessary , but that they will not be agreeable to the volunteers ; such a force , in short , that his Majesty 's ministers , or their nearest connections , have lately desired us to consider that it is a most delicate machine . But really , . Sir , a delicate machine is not very fit for the purposes of war : machines that are meant for war , should be formed 964 of tough and hardy materials , so strongly put together , as to be able to withstand the rudest shocks . In fine , Sir , I completely disapprove of the plan that his Majesty 's ministers are pursuing with respect to the army , the militia , and the volunteer ; and as to that fourth species of defence , from which we might have derived great additional strength and security , I mean fortification , only name it now for the . purpose of repeating , that it has been either wholly misunderstood , or completely-neglected.—From this general view of our present military system , I am fully convinced of the absolute necessity of its immediately undergoing a complete revision . If we had time to watt for its being brought about by degrees , I should rest satisfied with the assurance , that there are causes inherent in it , which will in time evince , more forcibly than can now . be done by argument , the validity of those objections which have been urged against it : but whilst we are waiting for the gradual operation of these inherent , causes , difficulties and disasters of the greatest magnitude may come upon us , which might have been voided by the , timely adoption of a better system . I am aware , however , that to effect so complete a change in presence , as it were , of an enemy who is almost , or perhaps quite , prepared to attack us , is a difficult though necessary operation . Our situation certainly requires that nothing should be undone , until something better is ready to be substituted in its place . And when I consider how insufficient is the foundation of our present system , and how defective the superstructure , I am quite convinced , that to strengthen the one , and improve the other , without bringing the whole fabric to the ground , requires abler artists than those by whom it has been erected . I say , Sir , that to make our military system what it ought to be requires far abler heads than