in that period of the last war , when it was at the highest , amounted to 175,000 regulars and militia , and l68,000 volunteers ; but now the whole force of the United Kingdom amounts already to 628,000 men in arms , a number , too , which is daily increasing us the vacancies in the militia are filled up . Most of the noble Lords who had spoken , appeared , and with great reason , to be much attached to that part of our force which was called regulars : he could assure them that that part of our force , was at psesent very nearly as high as at any period of the last war ; we had now of that description , 98,000 in G. Britain , Ireland , and the islands in the Channel ; but he had been always accustomed to consider the militia also on the footing of regulars . Above two-thirds of their number were already completed , and their 1044 number , as he before stated , was daily increasing as their vacancies were filled up . The measures that had been taken were calculated to give confidence to the country , and to assure every man that there was nothing to be feared even from the loudest threats of the enemy . The force of the country , in fact , was such as to enable every man to look forward with tranquillity and confidence to the enjoyment of the advantages of our happy constitution . did not oppose the volunteer system , nor the principle of the bill , but objected very strongly to some of the clauses , and particularly to that clause in which , after the necessity of encouraging the volunteers to go upon permanent duty was admitted , the guinea bounty , which was proposed for an inducement to them , was to be laid out in necessaries at the discretion of the commanding officer : he disapproved of this , as taking away the inducement which was held out ; and as to the article of great coats , which were stated to be so necessary , he believed there were very few volunteers who were not already possessed of great coats , which , whatever might be their colour , were sufficient to keep them warm : even if they had not great coats , a blanket , in actual service , might answer the purpose as well . If they wanted these things , however , they ought to be got , whatever was the expence . He had not so poor an idea of the resources of this country , or of any other country , as to suppose they could not afford to provide that which was absolutely necessary to enable their soldiers to take the field . In speaking of the perfection to which volunteers might be brought by skilful officers , he took notice of the volunteers with which he was best acquainted , the volunteers in the neighbourhood of Edinburgh , who had made such a proficiency , that it was allowed by military men that they were perfectly fit to take the field with regular troops . General Simcoe , and other general officers , had borne similar testimony of volunteer regiments in other parts of the United Kingdom . He had heard military men , of great experience and judgment , say , that the first qualification for soldiers was the intention to fight : in this qualification he supposed none of the volunteers of the empire would be found deficient . He concluded by expressing his disapprobation of the exemptions 1045 which were granted , and of some other parts of the bill , but wished that it might go to a committee . said , he was not surprised that there existed a difference of opinion upon this important subject . In considering it , however , it was necessary to take a view of the real situation in which the country stands . We were at present , engaged in a war for the purpose of deciding , not whether we