serve his country in the high station which he now so honourably fills , as any man can possibly be . I will ask the right hon . gent , if he does not think such proceedings as that of the motion he has this night brought forward , and his subsequent reasoning on it , must tend in a high degree to invigorate and inspirit the enemy , whilst it must cause despodency at home ? I have never heard , from any quarter , a complaint of want of men or of ships , except in the insinuations of the right hon . gent . The noble earl at the head of the Admiralty has procured nearly the fall complement of seamen voted by Parliament in the shortest time , and Under the greatest and most pressing difficulties that any man in his situation ever had to contend with , and , therefore , unless I have better ret sons given than any that have been hitherto adduced , I must think myself justified in refusing papers , the production of which can have no other effect than that of further inquiry , which would not fail to convey a very strong insinuation and suspicion against the character of Earl St. Vincent , which stands most deservedly so high in the estimation of a vast majority of the country , that I believe it is the general opinion there never has been his equal . On these grounds I agree to the production of two of the papers , but not to the others , as they can not be produced without bringing in question what I do not think it now right to answer—why the merchants ' yards are not applied to for building ships at the present period . I therefore move , by way of amendment , that the following words be added to the first motion , after the words gun-boats and gun-brigs , `` and all 01 her armed ships , vessels and boats , used in the public service . '' said , he had no official documents to assist him , but must trust in a great measure to his memory for what he had then to deliver to the considera- 887 tion of the House . He did not mean to trespass on the time of the House , but to endeavour to confine , or rather to direct their attention to the leading farts which had taken place relative to our naval defence since the commencement of the War . It must he thought , be perfectly in the recollection of the House , that in the space of 48 hours after it was known that , hostilities were actually to commence ; Admiral Cornwallis sailed for Brest to blockade the enemas squadron in that port . Since that time , his force had been from time to time reinforced , and was now so strong and numerous as to carry tile fullest conviction to the breasts of the whole world , that there never had been a period in our history in which the exertions of the Admiralty had been so great as at the present moment . When the House looked backward to what has been done since the commencement of the was , the large fleets we had off Brest , Toulon , Ferrol , and considered the loyalty , zeal , and activity with which every admiral , and every officer in these several fleets were animated , and then , if the question were , whether the right hon . gent. , or Earl St. Vincent were in the right , he believed the House would not be long in determining.—With respect to the gun-boats , he conceived those we had now in our service were far more useful than the gun-brigs which had been used last war , and which he appealed to the testimony and opinion of the hon . admiral opposite to him ( Berkeley ) whether they were not mere jobs ? Besides , it was not by gun-boats that gun-boats were to be resisted ; it was by our