such service were to enjoy . Under this act , voluntary offers to the amount of 400,000 men were received . By an abstract of the returns under the General Training Act , distinguishing offers of voluntary services from registers of those who were liable to serve , I find that the number of volunteers under the first class was nut less than 420,000 , while the whole number 430 liable to serve did not exceed 500,000 . In consequence of this display of the national spirit , the compulsory clauses of the 43d , or his Majesty were suspended . The number of volunteers , speaking in round numbers , was now upwards of 350,000 , and thus the intention of the legislature was fulfilled . When I speak of the volunteer establishment here I have no reference to Ireland . The system there differs in several important circumstances . During the last war the volunteers of that part of the united kingdom she wed what valour and discipline could effect , and the principle of their establishment was not in want of any alteration . I think that the House must agree with me in thinking , that the Irish volunteers have already done themselves the highest honour ; and it is only to be hoped , and I trust such a hope is not at all unreasonable , that their example may animate those who have enrolled themselves here for the defence of their country to shew a similar spirit in the moment of danger . I have already stated , that the volunteers of this part of the empire were upwards of 350,000 , a number under proper regulations fully adequate , in cu operation with our regular force , to put the country out of all danger , a number net restricted , till it had amounted to three-fourths of the first class liable to be called out under the General Training Act.—Having thus briefly noticed the history and numbers of the volunteer establishment , let me next direct your attention to their present situation . With respect to a late decision , as to the right which a volunteer has to withdraw from a corps to which he has attached himself , I shall at present offer a very few observations . In the decision then given , the court certain '' , differed from the opinion given or the subject by an hon . friend of mine , and even now I am not altogether convinced that he had not as a lawyer good ground for the opinion which he then offered . His opinion , it must be allowed , was only a legal deduction from a review of the different acts of parliament on the subject of the volunteer establishment , and no notice was taken of the particular circumstances under which these acts were passed by the legislature . I am free decidedly to declare , that no such legal inference was meant to be drawn from these acts . I have no idea whatever that it was the meaning of Parliament in the framing of these acts , to preclude the right of volunteers to resign under particular circumstances . I am sure that no idea to the contrary was ever held forth in the course of the discussion 431 which took place , to countenance an opposite opinion : and there remains no doubt in my mind , that the right of a volunteer to resign was clearly understood . I was particularly anxious to state the distinction betwixt voluntary and compulsory service , and to mark out the material circumstances which essentially characterized their application The idea of preventing the liberty of resignation never appeared to me either politic or necessary . This opinion is founded on a very simple principle , that , on the well-disposed , any attempt at coercion must only produce dissatisfaction and disgust : and the same zeal which originally determined men to stand forward in a great cause , was the best security against their deserting it. , when their obligations to service were , instead of being diminished , materially