the rest was , that which was stated by the gallant Admiral on the other side of the House ( Admiral Berkeley ) which was , that the present number of artificers in the King 's dock-yards was 800 short of its usual and necessary complement ; for he understood the hon . admiral to have said , that the King 's dock-yards were short I of their complement of shipwrights by 800 ; and this was the period , and these were the circumstances when the Board of Admiralty thought fit to abandon the system of building ships of war in the docks of the merchants He declared from the bottom of his heart , there was not a man existing for whom he felt more respect than he did for the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty . No man 's services had been more signal , nor any whose talents appeared to him to be superior in his profession : but all this was no reason why the documents now moved for , should not be laid on the table of that House , and if it was seen that my Lord St. Vincent had conducted himself meritoriously in his present as in his former character , the House would take much pleasure in doing justice to his character ; but he must protest against the doctrine laid down by the right hon . gent. , that we were to wait until some disaster happened before we instituted any inquiry : we could not afford such a speculation ; the business of that House was to prevent , not to wait for disaster , for if they waited for it , the loss might become irreparable ; the only way he knew to prevent disaster , was to inquire into those circumstances which appeared likely to lead to it , in order to apply a remedy for the impending evil . The course recommended by the right hon . gent , was too full of hazard ; the stake was too large to play a game so desperate . Upon the whole of this matter , he felt himself bound to declare , that he was fully convinced of the propriety of all the motions which had been stated by his right hon . friend . —It was my intention , Sir , to wait until I should hear the opinions of professional men on this subject ; but the observations which have been made by the hon . member who has just sat down , urge me to obtrude myself to your notice thus prematurely , and contrary to my original intention . The hon . gent , has , in my mind , used observations the most unwarrantable on parliamentary grounds I have ever heard in . this House . He has stated , that he has never had conversation with any naval officer , whose 899 opinion has not been decidedly in contradiction to the system upon which the naval affairs of the country have been for some time back conducted ; hat is to say , since the gallant admiral , who now presides at the head of the Admiralty Board , was appointed to that high station ; and this information so obtained , he offers to the Mouse as a justification for the censure which the advocates for the motion before the House would attach to the character of the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty . The hon . gent , ventures to tell the House , that upon grounds such as these , there is a sufficient reason for the inquiry , and for granting the papers required ; but from whom has the hon . gent . obtained the intelligence , and heard the sentiments to which he . thinks the House ought to attach so much , importance ? —from officers , no doubt , who are ashore and unemployed , from those who have not the best opportunity of judging , and whose judgment I for many reasons is not entitled to the first attention ; bat not from such officers as