the enemy . This is a painful consideration ; but it naturally arises out of a bad system—a system which rather perplexes the volunteers than contributes to improve them , which , in fact , overloads them with a kind of instruction of no practical utility , instead of giving them that which would fit them for the object to which their service is applicable . This is the mischief ; it is as it were to send a man to a university to learn general knowledge , and afterwards to tell him that he must study to qualify for a divine or a physicist ! . I should think it would be better to begin the education of the one and the other , with that which might best fit them for their proper pursuits . It would therefore be much wiser to teach the volunteers , not the stiff and intricate manœuvres of Prussian discipline , but that only which is essential , not that which should assimilate them to a regular army , which has begun to learn such discipline ; but that which should assimilate them to an armed peasantry , to whom it is naturally extremely desirable that they should be more alike than they are . Nothing can be a greater mistake than to suppose , that the colour of the volunteer clothing will be advantageous the event of invasion , as the Secretary of State enumerated for this reason , that an intimate connexion between them and our regular army must injure the latter ; and also , that if they should be defeated in any instance , the singularity of dress will of coarse induce the enemy to suppose them soldiers , and that supposition will tend to their encouragement . My wish is , that instead of such troops , we should have the people armed , in order that in every direction the enemy might have persons to annoy , without being warned by alarming appearances ; that he should always have reason to fear in whatever direction he moved ; that the apprehension of meeting a foe in a brown coat should haunt him like a spectre ; that he should feel that he could not pass through a lane or along a hedge with safety . If you abandon this plan , I am sure you will considerably diminish the fears of an invading enemy ; for when he conceives he has none bat red coated foes to meet with , his confidence will , of course , be greater . The evil of this goes very deep . 620 It applies to the principle of the volunteer system . The mischief of affording the enemy the means of ascertaining the whole amount of your military defence is extremely obvious , When he becomes acquaint ed that he has only 500,000 men to con tend with , you of course do him a service ; he will then know his enemies by their dress.—The hon . gent , who has just sat down has remarked on the tendency of the sentiments so often urged by my right hon . friend on the bench below me ( Mr. Wind ham ) respecting the volunteer system , and seems to imagine that the right hon . gent , was inconsistent in accepting a command in a volunteer corps ; but inconsistency does not at all follow from this circumstance . The right hon . gent , avails himself of the system , bad as it is , to promote the public defence , because there is no other.—As to the whole of the remarks made upon this system , many of which have been misrepresented , as well as the motives of those who made diem , I beg to observe , that without wishing to abolish the system altogether , it is impossible to remedy its defects , it they be remediable , without having in view the principles of a better system.—With regard to the bill before the House , it in reality contains nothing in the shape of a remedy , nor indeed any thing at all