upon the public for the amount which was stated in the memorial . observed , that different opinions were out of doors entertained respecting the nature of the service rendered by Lord Hood at Toulon ; and it was doubted whether , instead of being rewarded for those ships which he had captured , he ought not to pay for those he had burnt . expressed his regret , that there should be any opposition to this 1100 report . What would be said by the British , commanders , when it was known that doubts were entertained in the House of Commons , whether they ought not to be compelled to pay for those ships of the enemy which they should burn ? Was this the manner in which a transaction was to be treated , which rivalled those of Aboukir and Copenhagen in brilliancy . He heartily concurred in the motion for now reading the report . said , he had read the papers relating to this subject with considerable surprise ; but , at the same , time , he did not consider this an act which belonged to the character of the present administration , but as one bequeathed to them as a legacy by their predecessors . An hon . gent , had compared the operation of Lord Hood at Toulon to the victories of Aboukir and Copenhagen ; but it never appeared to him in that point of view , and he had , on a former occasion , opposed voting thanks to Lord Hood , upon the ground that there was something disgraceful in the transaction . The destruction of the French navy had been said to be `` sealed '' at that time , and yet he could see that it was `` sealed '' again at Aboukir in five years afterwards ; and again , in two years after that , another `` seal '' was put upon it at the Helder . As to the French ships destroyed , he believed Sir S. Smith did more in that way than Lord Hood ; and he made it a subject of complaint against Lord Hood , upon a former occasion , that he had left a great number of the ships at Toulon undestroyed . The blame of this , however , rested with the commander in chief ? but , in this case , what was to become of the distribution ? How many of the persons employed upon that occasion were now alive ? No previous inquiry had been made upon that subject . If Lord Hood was entitled to the condemnation of the ships , why not make the claim ? Upon looking at the paper on the table , he found there were ships marked to the number of 9 , which it was stated had never been brought out of Toulon . If they had never been brought out , how they could be valued as having been employed in his Majesty 's service , he could not conceive . This was so unconstitutional a manner of granting public money , that he really could not think who it was that could advise such a proceeding , and that , too , for ships which never came into the service of the public . said , that in the practice of states , as well as the conduet of individuals , there might be demands which they were bound to comply with , although there was no positive law upon the subject ; they were bound to do what they ought not to abstain from doing . If Lord Hood could have proceeded to condemnation in the Court of Admiralty , there was no occasion to come to the House ; and surely it would not be contended that the House was never to be liberal , except in those cases where they had no discretion . admitted , that 8 or 9 vessels were stated to have been brought out of Toulon : but the tact was , that these vessels were manned with British seamen , and carried the British flag ; they were