course of a few days the attention of the House would be called to it . I wish Sir , to say a very few words , on a subject which appears to me to be of the utmost importance . The attention of the House has this day been necessarily called , by witnessing in the House of Lords an instance of the personal exercise at an Act of Authority from the King.—Sir , the inference naturally drawn from that Act of authority , so exercised , is undoubtedly of the most satisfactory nature . It would indeed be completely satisfactory to me , if were assured by the right hon . the Chancel for of his Exchequer , that that Act was chine in fall health , winch its publicity indicates , and without which such an act of authority ought not to have been exercised , It would have been satisfactory to me if this were not some doubts upon that subject : bat , under all the circumstances , considering what we know from public reports , and comparing them with declarations made in this House and other places , there does appear to me to be some doubt all mystery upon this transaction , which leave on my mind sentiments of considerable uneasiness and apprehension . It would be great relief and satisfaction to me to have this serious apprehension removed by an explicit declaration from the minister ; but , if not , the House is placed in a new and awful situation , in which it will be incumbent on ns to think what steps it may be proper for us to take . immediately rose and moved the order of the day upon the Volunteer Consolidation Bill.—On the clause for allowing adjutants and quartermasters half-pay , observed , that there were many persons who had never been in the regular ? , but who , from the excellence of their conduct as adjutants in volunteer corps were , he thought , equally intitled to half-pay . He was of opinion , that it should depend upon the report of the inspecting field-officer as to the good discipline of the corps , whether the adj . of such corps should be entitled to such pay or not . said , it was necessary to lay down a general principle with respect to the half-pay to be allowed to adjutants , as otherwise , persons who acted as adjutants in volunteer corps , and who were wholly incompetent , might become entitled to it , and thus saddle considerable expense upon the public . To this rule , however , there might be some exceptions , as , if the inspecting field officer reported the good qualifications of an adjutant , it certainly 824 was intended to represent such case to his Majesty , with a view that such adjutant might become entitled to the allowance in question . said , he agreed in the general outline with respect to adjutants receiving pay . He thought however that where there was a difficulty in getting good adjutants , that serjeant-majors , from regular troops might be resorted to as adjutants for volunteer corps . He then adverted to , and re-stated his former proposition , with respect to transferring officers from the line as field officers in volunteer corps . said , it was the strong disposition of ministers to agree to any thing that could tend to improve the discipline of the volunteer corps , consistent with the nature and principles of the constitution . It was his opinion that the purpose of the right hon . gent , would be better answered by the appointment of inspecting field officers who were appointed from officers of the line . He objected to the proposition of the right hon . gent , for the appointment of field officers to volunteer corps from the line , because the volunteers should not be led to suppose that it was intended to graft upon the system any thing not congenial to its nature . He knew that a degree of jealousy had been caused in some volunteer