, if necessary , be of course resorted to . Of the clause before the committee , he altogether disapproved , as unnecessary , because he conceived that without it the commanding officer of a volunteer corps had the power of discharging any volunteer he thought proper . defended the policy of the clause , and in proof of its necessity mentioned , that he understood that several corps had , on their first formation , entered into resolutions , that no member should be dismissed without the consent of the majority of the corps . They therefore held an opinion , that it was highly advisable that the authoritative voice of Parliament should be sent forth to do away such doubts as might exist respecting the power of volunteer commanders to discharge any volunteer who should misbehave . said , that the nature of the misbehaviour which would justify the discharge of a volunteer , ought , as well for the satisfaction of the commander , as for the regulation of the men to be very clearly described . conceived , that the power of the commanding officers ought , in this case , to be quite discretionary and unlimited . could not agree to the idea that commanders should be allowed to discharge men at their own option without any adequate cause ; such a privilege was not allowed the commander of the regular army or the militia , and the principle would be mischievous to admit , particularly , in case the volunteers should be called into actual service , and a capricious volunteer commander might in such a case deprive the country of many effective men , and even in peace it might give room to great injustice , as it would afford the opportunity of rendering volunteers who had gone through all the routine of discipline liable to be dismissed at the will of an officer , and possibly with a view to deprive them of their exemptions . did 727 not approve of the total abrogation of the clause , neither did his of the opinion that the causes of a volunteer 's discharge were fully stated . He thought that the inefficiency of a man was a good ground for discharging him , as well as his misbehaviour . considered that any limit without a remedy was but idle words ; for it was not mentioned how , if the limit were transgressed , the discharged volunteer was to obtain redress against his officer , and certainly a dismissal under the present circumstances might be a great grievance to a volunteer . of all modes of redress , disapproved of that alluded to in the course of the debate , namely , an appeal to a court of law . It would be ridiculous to think of a court of law engaged in investigating the causes which should justify the dismissal of a man from a military corps , and the expense would be too much to encounter . He would rather have such appeals from discharged volunteers to be decided upon in a summary way by the deputy lieutenants of the county . thought , that no mistake could take place in regard to the expressions . The misbehaviour or improper conduct expressed in the clause must relate to their behaviour as members of the corps . There might be a court of inquiry to which any appeal might be made , and upon the report of which a determination might be formed . was of opinion , that the reasons of dismissal ought to be specifically stated in every instance , in order that the aggrieved might be able to apply for redress . observed , that misbehaviour was by no means comprehensive enough to be assigned as a general reason . Insufficiency , incapability to do the duty , from whatever cause it proceeded , might be a very sufficient reason , and carried along with it this advantage , if specified , to the person dismissed , that it would be a protection to him against the the militia and army of reserve . The question being put ,