Were we now going on well , or was the country well ? This was a crisis when the exertions of every individual in the empire were necessary , for the defence and security of the empire . He contended it was the most proper time to resort to measures that would have the effect of removing every source of complaint , and of uniting every arm in the common cause . His lordship wished to be informed , whether his Majesty 's ministers had any specific plan in contemplation for that purpose . There seemed to be but one sentiment in the house with respect to the necessity of uniting heart and hand in the present arduous crisis . He , therefore , again called upon his Majesty 's ministers to declare , whether they meant to bring forward any measure but those which had hitherto been pursued in that country . From every thing that had come to his knowledge on that subject , through persons from local information acquainted with it , he thought a different system indispensable , and he drought it the duty of his Majesty 's ministers to adopt it . If , however , they should think proper to abandon the interests of that part of the united kingdom , he was of opinion that , in such a case it would be perfectly competent to any individual in the house to bring the question before Parliament . desired to be informed whether the notice of the right hon . Secretary , comprehended both the bills intended to be continued ? informed the hon . member , that the motion before the house related only to that for allowing the suspension of the habeas corpus act , for a time to be limited , and that when that should be disposed of , the motion on the other would be put . then rose to state his reason , for putting the question . He was willing to give his ready and perfect concurrence to the first proposition , but on the other question he was disposed to think that some time ought to be allowed before it should be carried into effect . This opinion he entertained not from any concurrence with the observations that had been made this night , or on a former night , tending to shew that the present government of Ire- 76 land was not such as it ought to be , or that affairs were not well nor properly administered in that country ; for he was convinced that no system of government was ever better calculated to conciliate the affections of the people , than that now pursued in Ireland . But having said this , he trusted no attempt would be made to bring forward the other law , at least for some time , and particularly as it had not been found necessary in the numerous trials which had already taken place to resort to its provisions , or try any of the culprits by martial law . He hoped , therefore , that the law should not be renewed while Parliament should continue sitting , in order that the people might be impressed with the idea that Parliament , at the same time that it entertained a fixed determination to exterminate rebellion , was wilting to respect the civil rights of the people . The hon . gent . concluded by giving his support to the motion . rose to offer a few observations in reply to the last speaker . He was happy to find that the hon . gent . had nothing to urge against the character of those who were to be invested with the discretionary power granted by the bill for continuing the use of martial law in Ireland , under such circumstances as might be judged expedient . The hon . gent , had , however , contended that such a bill had never been passed except where strong proofs of its necessity were produced For his own part he would venture to assert , and he would defy any gentleman to disprove his observation , that