, Sir , the whole is reduced to this simple point : —The right hon . gent . over the way , has informed us that certain individuals , styling themselves his Majesty 's confidential servants , of whom the House constitutionally know nothing , have felt it their duty to give no information on a subject deeply interesting , not to the members of this House alone , but to every loyal man throughout the empire . They tell us farther , that any communication of his sort would be productive of no good consequence , but that to require any information at present would be equally improper and indecent . It is not surely , Sir , at all unreasonable to ask , whether this opinion is founded on any knowledge of 510 the present state of his Majesty 's health , and the prospect of a speedy recovery ? But here the right hon . gent . will not condescend to gratify the House with a single tittle of information . His answer is , that in the opinion of his Majesty 's confidential servants , there is no occasion for any communication , and in this assurance Parliament is to confide . Now , how does the public information , respecting the Sovereign 's health , stand ? Has that information , which must be so gratifying to every loyal heart , been communicated , that the period of his Majesty 's recovery may be expected to be near at hand ? Have government communicated any thing at all like this to the House ? Have they said a single word as to the probable duration of his Majesty 's illness , and his ability to resume the ordinary functions of royalty ? On these points they have left the House in a state of total darkness . If they had made any communication to the House , then it would have been for Parliament to determine whether a longer pause might not be allowed , without resorting to any extraordinary measures . On the other hand , if the communication had not been of so satisfactory a nature , the House , in the exercise of its constitutional privileges , would have been called upon to deliberate as to the steps proper to be adopted , and to decide whether those steps should be such as were applicable to a contingent event , or directed to an immediate evil . These , Sir , are my general views as to the imperious necessity of a communication on so very interesting a subject . After the communication had been made , it would then have remained with us to determine , what time was to elapse before it was made the ground of any subsequent proceedings , and before the nature of these proceedings is folly ascertained . If any argument were wanting to prove the expediency of an immediate communication to Parliament , in my opinion the official reports of his Majesty 's health for the two last days would be fully sufficient to demonstrate it . It is very clear from these reports , that the speedy recovery of his Majesty is not to be reasonably expected . Yesterday the report was gratifying , so far as this , that an assurance of his Majesty 's recovery from the illness with which he has been afflicted , was held forth , but it was , at the same time , accompanied with the declaration of the physicians , that a rapid amendment could not be expected . To day the report was , that his Majesty was still better than he was yesterday , and that he was gradually approaching to recovery . There is , to he sure , Sir , in these reports , much to gratify every Royal 511 neart ; but though we may now hone that his Majesty is out of danger , we have no ground for believing , that he will speedily be enabled to resume the functions of royally . In the one report we are told , that a rapid recovery can not be expected