such application need have been made . Neither of the cases referred to , namely , those of the Helder and Copenhagen , were brought before Parliament . The right of his Majesty to grant a remuneration for those ships was not doubled ; but yet , from the amount of the present claim , and from the time which had gone by since the expedition to Toulon , referred to in the motion , an application to Parliament was deemed the proper mode of proceeding . in allusion to the notice taken of his sentiments by the learned gent , on the lower bench , said , that perhaps in his anxiety for the adoption of the motion before the House , he might have used expressions too strong ; but yet lie hoped it was not supposed that he could be capable of thinking a British seaman would be influenced by such motives as the learned gent , had inferred from those expressions . said he had only animadverted on the sentiments referred to by the hon . admiral , in order to have it disclaimed . thought , that whenever a British House of Commons was called upon to vote away such a sum , their disposition to investigate the reasons on which they were so called , ought not to be counteracted by the expectation of any other discussion . The matter itself was of sufficient importance . If he was to consult merely what , generally speaking , was due to the glorious exertions of the navy ; if he were to consult his own feelings for many in that service with whom he was connected , he should not feel a moment 's doubt as to the voting of the money , and , indeed , he had come down to the House with a disposition to do so ; but he must confess , that what he had al- 1071 ready heard in the course of this debate , had made a considerable change in his mind , lie did not incline to think , that the gallant officer had put the business on its proper ground . He rather leaned to the statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that this was not a question of right , but one of liberality . Now this was a very good reason for a little longer time for enquiry . The quantum of the remuneration would depend upon the danger , the importance , and the brilliancy of the exploit . Then again , the gallant officer had admitted , that the army were concerned in the business . No one could possibly praise the exertions of the British navy too much ; no one could possibly feel disposed to praise them more highly than himself ; but surely if the army were employed in that transaction , we ought not to reward one branch of service alone , unless any considerable reasons were given for it . The papers might have laid on the table ever since last Jan. but that mere circumstance did not suppose every individual member to be acquainted with them . It was not so material to know when the papers were first laid on the table , as when the notice was first given , which was but one or two days back : but that , in affairs of importance , was not time enough , lie thought there were grounds sufficient to lead to a farther examination of the subject , and for that purpose to a little delay , winch , he hoped , would not be productive of any ill consequences to any of the parties . At the same time , he begged to say , that he was sorry to feel it a duty to interpose any further delay between the generosity of the public , and the convenience of those who had served it . The length of time that had elapsed , might have almost exhausted them , and `` hope deferred , '' might make `` the heart sick . '' said , that the soldiers on board