what was the best mode to make them meet the enemy with the best chance of saving the effusion of British blood ? He was not to be told what the volunteers were the last war ; for no man would say , however serious the apprehensions of invasion was during the last war , that the danger was then any thing like the danger with which we were threatened now . There never was a period in which the preparations for invading this country , were upon any tiling like the scale of the present preparations ; so much so , that Parliament had already expressed its sense to that effect by the measures it had brought forward . It had , indeed , once thought of making many regulations upon the discipline of the volunteers ; but had afterwards confided that subject to the discretion of ministers , in the hope that much would have been done , but ministers disappointed that hope , and therefore Parliament ought now to act for itself.—As to the idea of not attempting to do too much , it was observable that , if these regulations were likely to have a bad effect on the volunteer system , the hopes which he entertained that many of them would consent to be put upon permanent duty , by which they would certainly be subject to much more rigour , were very ill founded ; he did , however , entertain sanguine hopes they would , in great numbers , accept of the invitation to be put on permanent duty , as the very best means to make them a good military force , and to exercise ourselves before the French come was the best mode of enabling us to meet them when they do , not only with a certainty of triumph , but also with a reasonable expectation of conducting the contest with as little effusion as 837 possible of British blood . He should be glad if every volunteer in England could put himself for awhile on permanent military duty : but that in the nature of things , was impossible ; there were many who could not possibly so engage . He admitted that much had been done already , but that was no reason why we should not do as much more as possible . This was a matter to be considered most seriously . Comparisons between this and the last war were absolutely idle . The whole of the preparations of France for invasion last war were hardly equal to an advanced guard of one of its numerous posts at present . He did not disparage the merit of the volunteers , nor was he insensible of what they had already done ; he only enforced the necessity of doing every thing that was in Our power to meet , upon the best 'possible advantage , the enemy , and that in a few weeks to decide a contest , on which not the interest or welfare , but the existence of this country , was at stake . Neither did he wish to disparage the valour of his countrymen . He knew what men contending for their freedom and existence , unarmed and undisciplined , could do ; nor had lie any idea that the efforts of a whole people , such as Briton , would not be ultimately successful although they might be undisciplined , If knew that every freeman ought to be a hero in such a contest , and he was confident that few , indeed , a mong us , would disappoint the expectations of their country in that extremity , should we come to But that was not question . The matter for the consideration of the House , was , what was the best mode for meeting the tremendous and awful , contest , which must he expected in a few weeks , upon a rational expectation of spilling as little British blood as such a contest Can possibly admit The crisis was at a certainly approaching , it would be our own fault we were not prepared for it .