Providence to confound the devices of our enemies , and to rouse the loyal energies of the nation . '' This last remark , however , does not , I confess , appear to be quite consistent with the learned gentleman 's general impression of the improved disposition of die country , for we can not entertain a very favourable idea of the meliorated temper of a people , who require the massacre of a chief magistrate and the less of several lives , in order to rouse their loyal energies . But , Sir , I believe I shall be allowed accurately to sum Up the information we have received , by stating the amount to be , that the late con- 96 spiracy was contemptible both in numbers and character , and seems almost to have ended where it began , that there has been no further interruption of the public tranquillity , and that the hope is indulged that the deluded are now convinced of their error , and that they will cordially and zealously concur in the defence of the kingdom against the common enemy . And what is the inference , which his Majesty 's ministers require us to draw from this statement ? The continuance of the martial law bill ! ! Now , Sir , I ask whether such a conclusion from such premises would be reconcilable to any principle of common reason and equity ? I have not had an opportunity of looking into the preamble of this bill , but I should imagine that the drawing of it must have exposed the reasoning faculties of the crown lawyers ( and no one can rate their talents higher than I do ) to great embarrassment . It it folly describes the parliamentary ground of the measure it must , I apprehend , run thus . `` Whereas the late contemptible and insignificant conspiracy in the city of Dublin , was so speedily and effectually suppressed , that it seems almost to have ended where it began , and whereas the public tranquility has experienced no further interruption , and there is reason to indulge the hope , that the deluded are convinced of their error , and tint they will cordially and zealously concur in resisting any attempt that may he made against the security and independence of the united kingdom ; be it enacted , that the lord-lieutenant of Ireland be invested with the power of declaring martial law , & c. & c. '' Now , Sir , this I apprehend , will not be thought sound logic , and yet such must be the language of this bill , if it is framed on the only information his Majesty 's ministers have afforded to parliament , and thus , I trust I have proved myself justified in asserting , that those who reposed with implicit confidence On the representations of the king 's servants , must , as it appears to me , on every principle of consistency and justice , give this measure their most decided opposition . But I , Sir , profess myself to have no such confidence . I have long since remarked with deep regret , that his Majesty 's minieters are apt to lake very false and erroneous views of the situation of the affairs intrusted to their direction . We all remember the expectation , which they seemed to indulge themselves , and which they certainly permitted the public to indulge , until almost the very day , en which the chancellor of the exchequer annonced the menacing preparations of the enemy . But Ireland , Sir , itself furnishes a most illustrious instance of this sort 97 of self delusion on the part of his Majesty 's ministers . The flattering descriptions of the State of that country , which were given 5at various times by several gentlemen , in the coarse of the last session , can not have been forgot by any member of this house . The speech of the right hon . gent , opposite to me ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , on one