. to receive , he knew it would produce him no more than 90l . if in bank paper ; and , therefore , he took care to be paid at par . His lordship contended , if this was reasonable because of the depreciation , that all other persons should be paid in like manner . Whoever were not so paid , were defrauded . The depreciation , however , was established by the fact of those officers being paid at par ; if it were not otherwise notorious . And this depreciation was the result of the bank being restricted from paying its issues in cash . If it were not so , he would be glad to hear what beside occasioned it . He knew that attempts were made to account for it otherwise , It was said that , the disturbed state of the country and the apprehension of invasion , were the causes . But tact was against this reasoning . In the last war , when there was , an open rebellion in Ireland , when a French army was in the country , and a French fleet off the coast , the discount was only at 9 per cent , while in 1802 , in time of peace , it was from 12 to 13 percent . It is the quantity of paper issued by the Bank , that is the cause . Those issues have been rising in their monthly proportion from the time the restriction took place . In the last year they had increased beyond those of the preceding year , nearly 400,0001 . They had increased , on the whole , to five times their amount at the time the bank restriction bill first passed . But they could not increase , in this enormous disproportion , without falling in their value . The reason is simple . There is no check against issuing bank notes beyond the 699 real demand for them , that is to say , beyond that capital they represent when the transaction is fair , but their being convertible , at the pleasure of the holder , into gold at the bank . This is a natural and inevitable check against improper issues ; for , when such are attempted she overflow of bank notes is apparent , the holders are alarmed , and go to the bank and demand cash . The check is , therefore , perfect . The bank find this ; and knows it can not issue too many notes without toe attempt recoiling on themselves . But , such is the delicate nature of this affair , that though this check is complete , no other can be found . Even the integrity of the directors themselves is no check ; they can not tell when the issues grow too large , if they are now convertible into cash . It was the custom of the Banks of England and Ireland , to keep a certain quantity of cash to answer current demands . After the passing of the bank restriction bill , they could replace that sum in their coffers by notes ; for they must , thenceforth , pay rotes with notes , and the money in their chests would produce interest . This compels an increased issue , and that depreciates the paper , and that again , by degrees , increases the issues . But there is no criterion by which to know when they get too far , because the overflow can not be carried back to the Bank for cash . He meant to say , there was no simple criterion , without danger . There was a criterion , indeed , but it was a dangerous one . The depreciation proves the disproportioned issues ; but that it is slow in its operation , as a proof , the fact at present too plainly proved . The directors , therefore , themselves meaning perfectly justly , may be very long before they discover that they have made too large issues . But , if there could be fraud supposed , to what