that in his opinion , the present petition did in fact satisfy the object of the act of Parliament , bin if it did not , it was at most but a doubtful case , and if so , there was every reason for sending it to a Committee.—He thought , that upon the principle of the Grenville Act , the House ought to send this petition to a Committee . If the party stated in his petition that which on the face of it shewed that Ire had no by claim to vote at the election , the House would at once say it should not go to a Committee , because , in that case , there would not be nothing to try ; but if he did state a colourable title to vote , then the House would not decide the question . but send it to a committee to be tried . Here , in commonsense 411 and common language , the petitioners told the House they claimed the right to vote , for they told the House they were freeholders of the county , and they complained of the election ; they considered it a grievance , and they asked relief ; they stated themselves to be in a situation in which they had a right to vote at the election of which they complained , and therefore he said their case came within the sense of the act of Parliament , consequently that the petition should be received . He then quoted the case of the election for the county of Carmarthen , which he said was precisely in point ; this very objection was taken , but it was over-ruled by the Committee , and that decision of the Committee had never been questioned by the House . But if that had not been so decided , there would have remained about this case , at least a sufficient degree of doubt to induce the House to send it to a Committee , because , otherwise , the question would be closed , arid the party could never be heard , which would be a ease of infinite hardship and injustice ; so much I so , that the hon . gent himself , who made the motion , would , he was confident , regret the success of his own motion . He asked , what the public would have thought of this case , if it were the case of his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , if such a petition as this had been presented against him , and he were to suffer it to be received , suffered a day to be appointed for its discussion , and ( hen , on the very day before it was to be taken into consideration , he was to start up , and tell the House that , many of the petitions which had been received by the House en the subject of elections , while he was in the chair , were improperly received ; that now , for the first time , he must tell the House so , and that he must insist upon the law which prohibited the House from proceeding on such a petition . He apprehended that such conduct in a person connected with government , weald surprize both the House and the public , and yet such was the nature of the present motion ; for these reasons he should vote against the present motion . supported the motion . It only required to look at the petition and at the act , to be convinced that the terms of the statute bad not been complied with . This was a question of great importance , both as it respected the parties and as it respected the practice of the House . But the question was . whether by their own discretion , the House were to set aside an act of Parliament . He then read part of the act , and observed , that it was impossible any one could think 412 that this petition had complied