) , to whose , defence of the Admiralty I have just alluded , says too , that there is no complaint against the Admiralty out of doors ; and also , that the public are equally content with the whole conduct of the present ministers . As to the general character of ministers with the public I shall give no testimony ; but if the conduct of ministers were to be the object of discussion , and decided by argument , it would not be difficult to shew what the public ought to think of them . This suffer me to illustrate by good humoured comparison , which on general principles often afford ( he best illustration . In one of Moliere 's plays , a grave old gentleman marries a young wife , or does something or other not very suitable to his character . Every body , however , is mightily content with what he had done , except that when it is mentioned every one burst out a laughing . In the same manner , though it happens that every body is so well content with the present ministers , yet when their merits are spoken of it generally produces a laugh , or at least a smile , on every countenance . Different indeed is Lord St. Vincent in this respect from ail his colleagues ; and knowing that he is in every respect a perfect contrast to them in merit and reputation , they wish to bring him down to their level , or at least to shelter themselves under his great authority . But in order to strengthen the public confidence in Lord St. Vincent , let the administration of the Admiralty be examined , and the services of that noble lord will appear even more important than they have yet been estimated , in voting for this motion on these grounds , I am conscious that I do that which private friendship and public duty equally prescribe . said , that he did not rise to add much to the strong and convincing arguments which had been so able urged in defence of the measures of the Admiralty , but to make a few observations on what had fallen from the hon . gent , who had just sat down . Although the hon . gent , had said , that all or none of the papers moved for ought to be granted , the House , he trusted , would see the distinction , and they would he disposed rather to acknowledge 912 the fairness of administration that were ready to lay before the House every information that could be granted consistently with the public safety . From every thing which he knew , from every thing which had been urged , he was satisfied that no ground had been laid for any inquiry ; that no case had been made out which at all rendered it necessary that Lord St. Vincent should be put upon his defence . If , however , there can be any doubt in the minds of the public as to the efficiency of our naval defence , the papers that are to be produced will afford the fullest satisfaction . It is not difficult , therefore , to perceive the reason why some part of the papers are refused , while others are granted . As to the number of gun-vessels contracted for , he conceived that it was a good reason for refusing those papers , as , if granted , it would be necessary to go into an inquiry upon other points connected with it , from which might result much inconvenience and detriment to the public service . The same reason occurred for refusing those papers respecting the number of ships to be built in 1793 and subsequent periods , as it must branch into the same kind of details , and call for the same kind of communication . In every point , therefore , in which papers are refused , it is where it would be inconvenient for the public service to grant it , and it is granted in