naval service of this country . This he would declare most solemnly , if he were giving evidence upon the subject in a court of justice . This was justified by communications that were made to him from persons to whom general credit was due from all sides of that House.—As to the argument that Parliament gave the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty no more than 100,000 seamen , there was nothing in it ; for if Parliament gave the noble lord no more than 100,000 seamen , it was because he asked for no more : and here he could not help wishing that the gallant admiral on the other side of the House ( Admiral Berkeley ) might not be right , when he said that the 15,000 marines were included in the 76,000 seamen 897 mentioned by the right hon . gent . ; but be that as it may , it was no defence to the Admiralty that 100,000 seamen was the whole number which Parliament granted , for had the Admiralty Board asked for any additional number , or even twice the number , Parliament would have granted them ; but it had been a thousand times stated in that House , that the exact number of seamen voted was never to be considered as that exact definite number to be raised or to be employed , but that as many of ( hem were to be employed as could be obtained , if wanted ; and , therefore , although this same vote was only 100,000 seamen , yet if there had been raised and employed 130 ; 000 , 140,000 , or 150,000 , it wanted , there would have been no difficulty about having a vote for them ; it was , therefore , no defence of the noble lord to say , that Parliament granted no more seamen than 100,000.—His right hon . friend had also slated , that as to line of battle ships , the customary mode of having them built in merchants . yards had not been resorted to , and that in this change of system a considerable number of slips in the merchants yards on the river were entirely unoccupied . This objection of his right hon . friend to the conduct of the Admiralty , required a much better answer than it had received : it required an answer very different from that observation which was made upon it by the right hon . gent. , who said , it smelt of a contract : his right hon . friend 's mind and manner of life were such , as to render such an observation wholly inapplicable to him , for he had never been remarkable for any connexion of this sort : this was a sort of insinuation by which he believed the right hon . gent. , upon reflection , would not abide.—As to the idea that ships built by contract were ill built , he must observe , if they were so , it must be the fault of the Admiralty , for they could prevent any imposition of that sort upon the public by merely doing their duty , by taking care that these matters were duly inspected at fit seasons and occasions ; and , therefore , when gentlemen said such ships were ill built , they only published the negligence of the Admiralty . But it must not be supposed that two ships of the line happening to be ill built , must be taken as proof that all ships built by contractors were bad ; it must be recollected , that in the course of 7 years peace , not less than 20 ships of the line had been built in the merchants ' yards before the late war , and now , when there was most occasion for promptness and expedition , the old system was departed from , and another adopted , by which 898 that expedition was lost . All those advantages were given up without any adequate exertions in the King 's dock-yards ; out what was still worse than all