, at least tranquillity so far as the efforts of general rebellion were concerned . It was not , however , in the nature of things , that all the agitation , animosity , or revenge , which the atrocities of the rebellion had created , should at once subside . It was natural to expect , though rebellion was put down in the field , the spirit of its adherents was not broken . They dared no longer contend with the regular forces arrayed in the field ; but they might be supposed to follow their former views in secret , and , unobserved , to prepare the means of new-insurrections and new crimes . This was the conclusion which a general knowledge of human nature justified , and , certainly , events had fully demonstrated its truth . From the time of the rebellion in 1798 , there had been various evidences of a spirit of disaffection . Without , however , enlarging on these , he should at present content himself with alluding to the transaction of the 23d of July . With the events of that day their lordships were sufficiently acquainted . The evidence on the trials of the wretched individuals who suffered ( or their guilt , clearly explained the object and views of those engaged in the conspiracy . He would not now take up the time of their lordships , in any attempt to point out the extent or the force of this attempt at rebellion . One tiling , however , was undoubted , and he begged leave to call it particularly to the attention of their lordships , and that was the circumstance of the abortive attempt of the 23d of July , having in view the same object , directed to the same end , of destroying the connexion betwixt this country and Ireland , by the assistance of the foreign and common enemy of both countries . Under these circumstances , he begged leave to appeal to the candour and fair judgment of their lordships , whether the notoriety of these events did not furnish a fair parliamentary ground of necessity for the renewal of the bills . A good deal might be urged a ? to the severity of the measure of establishing martial law . He would never pretend that this was not to be regarded as a measure of an extraordinary nature , and only to be justified on grounds of an extraordinary emergency . Their lordships would recollect that his Majesty , by the exercise of his prerogative , had the power of proclaiming martial law , when it appeared to him to be called for by the circumstances under which any part of the 244 empire might be placed . It was not , however , unknown , that when martial law was proclaimed in this way , all the ordinary forms of law were , for the time being , suspended . In fact , the common law was in the interval considered to be extinct . When circumstances required such an exercise of the prerogative , it was obvious that every member of the community must be subjected to material inconvenience . The object of the present bills was to operate as measures of precaution . They were designed to repress the views of the disaffected , without interfering with the course of civil and criminal proceedings in the ordinary courts . He viewed the Martial Law Bill not as a measure of severity , but of extensive clemency to the loyal part of the community of Ireland . In the course of the rebellion of 1798 , the excesses committed on both sides were the subject of much animadversion . The rebels were accused of giving vent to their fury , by acts of barbarous cruelty . On the other hand , many individuals attached to the government , and active in their exertions to put down the rebellion , were charged with the commission of many acts of savage retaliation . Believing , as he firmly did , that there was a great deal of exaggeration respecting the conduct