from the same cause . It was the same case , also , with the Second Will shire Legmen t0 , which was commanded by as active , zealous , and enterprising a nobleman as any in the kingdom , the Earl of Pembroke , who gave the same reason for not being able to complete it.—He now came to notice the army itself ; and the recruiting parties had not obtained a tenth of what was wanted . In Marlborough there were 28 parties , and they had obtained to recruits . In Birmingham there were 11 parties , and but of recruits among them all . In short , the whole regular army was at a stand in respect to recruiting , merely owing to the very numerous exemptions which included the whole of the first class of the country . It was time , therefore , that we should rouse from our lethargy . We must not remain supine and idle , as we have been . He would , therefore , humbly propose , that since our engagements are such as nothing but a serious conflict can settle , we ought seriously to think of pouring some life 's blood into the army , by filling its ranks with some of the youth and strength of the country . He was sorry to say there was something like compulsion in what he had to offer ; but when every thing near and dear to the country ; when its first and fairest interests were at stake , it was absolutely necessary to resort to measures which seemed to partake of coercion . He would therefore advise , that a revision should take place of all the ballots which had hitherto been made , in order to fill up the army ; something like the first class of men , who were intended to be raised under the defence act . He would not suffer a single man to go out of the country , till our defence was fully provided for , or the necessity for it was over . He would not allow a single soldier to be sent on any quixotic expedition abroad , but he would concentrate our whole force at home , and place it on such a footing , as would enable us , in case the enemy landed , to give him such a reception , as he would not easily get ever . 934 Although , he said , the country might sustain a shock , he would wish ns to live like Englishmen , and like Englshmen to die . He did not find himself at all bigotted to his plan , but had merely thrown it out for the consideration of the House.—He owned he was not favourable to the volunteer system ; but if it should be the opinion of the House , that it was proper to continue it , he would wish to see it put on an efficient footing . Whatever might be their determination , he assured the House he should always be ready to shed the last drop of his blood in the service and defence of his country . said , he was one of those who thought very favourably of the volunteers , as he was satisfied we could not raise so great a force in any other way . He alluded to one point in the bill to which he felt a very strong objection ; he meant `` that which prevents any member from retiring from a corps , that had agreed to serve during the war . '' As the words now stand , no member can retire . This he conceived to be a breach of faith , and ought not to be countenanced . You first tell the men , when they enter , that they have a right to resign ; then comes the attorney-general , with an opinion , that they have not , such right ; then comes the judgment of the Court of King 's Bench , that they have the right ; afterwards this act avows distinctly that right