be found very inconsiderable . observed , that under the present circumstances of the country , he felt it his duty to give the bill his best support . He approved of the plan of blending the corps of volunteers with the regular army , which consisted of a given number of brigades , and placed under general officers acquainted with the service , He deprecated the idea of bringing the volunteers by themselves into action , of marching them into parts of the country to which they were totally strangers , or of placing general officers at the head of troops with whom they were entirely unacquainted . He had made these observations , not with the least view of throwing difficulties in the way , but in the way of caution ; no idea could be rationally entained of bringing the volunteers into the field , without any body to lead them . This he applied to the idea of employing the volunteers singly ; if such were to be acted upon , experience would soon shew its injurious effects . He next adverted to the important consideration of driving the cattle from those parts of the coasts where an enemy was likely to effect a landing . He recollected , when serving under the present Lord Howe , in America , that the enemy uniformly took the precaution of 1002 driving the cattle from such parts of the coast as his debarkations were made ; this operation threw his Majesty 's forces into a distressing dilemma , and they were always forced to recur to their own magazines : the consequence was , that with all the skill and ability of that celebrated officer , he was unable to penetrate further than thirty or forty miles up the country . He was happy to understand that it was the intention of government to take the precaution of driving the cattle from the coasts , which necessarily must reduce the enemy to the alternative of subsisting upon the contents of their own magazines . said , he should detain the House but for a very few minutes , and his endeavours would be to correct a misstatement which had frequently been made with regard to recruiting the army , and in which that night it had been asserted , we were wonderfully . successful . The fact , however , he was sorry to say , was very different . In some districts , he knew , recruits were not to be had . A great deal of the statements which had been made on the contrary , were founded on the numbers who were drawn from the army of reserve , who were induced by a superadded and excessive premium to enter into the general service , and these they called recruits . There was a clause , he observed , in the Army of Reserve Act , allowing men of the height of five feet two , to enter as substitutes ; the consequence of which was , that on a certain occasion , where upwards of 1000 men had entered from the Army of Reserve , owing to the five-feet-two clause , there could not be found one man of five feet four for the general defence of the country . Therefore , if the data of these statements were taken from what was furnished by the army of reserve , it was a deception upon the House and the country . He then called the attention of the House to the favourable circumstances for ministers , under which the present war was commenced , with a parliament confiding beyond all former example , arid with the spirit of patriotism and loyalty universally diffused throughout the country , they were furnished with men to render the force of the country completely invulnerable . But how far they were from improving these advantages , and establishing a complete and effective force in the country , was now pretty generally known . With respect to the measures intended to be proposed by an hon . Secretary for aug- 1003 menting the troops of the line , when