It would be the fault of that House if it should not do every thing in its power to prepare for it . No man in the kingdom ought to have any reason hereafter to reproach himself with negligence upon such a subject . desired to make one or two observations which he had omitted to state when discussing She proposition of the right hon . gent . He must deny that experience shewed the necessity of the measure recommended . He had heard of no complaints made by any corps , as to an insufficiency of internal discipline . He adverted to the provision for with-holding a certain part of the pay 838 of the volunteers while upon military duty , which he considered as likely to tend , in a considerable degree , to the maintenance of good order and discipline . This , in effect , went to subject the volunteer to a mulct who should misconduct himself while under arms.—The question being loudly called for , a division took place , when there appeared moved the order of the day for the Committee of Ways and Means . The Speaker having left the chair , the Chancellor of the Exchequer rose , he said , in pursuance of a notice which he had formerly given , to move the House for a vote of two millions on Exchequer Bills , for the farther service of the year . He moved for this loan , the right hon . gent , said , that time might be given to arrange the taxes to be raised within the year , and to give them as great a latitude as possible.—The House having resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . moved , in pursuance of the order of the day , the Committee of the whole Home on the Irish Duty Bill . On the question being put from the chair , —Mr Corry said , that on a former evening an objection had been offered on the measure proposed by this bill , founded on an idea that it went to affect the hereditary revenue of the Crown , and that , therefore , no measure of the kind could be legally entered info , without obtaining his Majesty 's previous consent . If he had mistaken the grounds of the objection he should be glad to be set right ; and 840 as he saw the right hen . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) in his place , begged to to be informed if he had not stated the objection fairly . admitted that such certainly were the grounds of his objection , and . to which he was still inclined to adhere . admitted , that the interests of the Crown were affected by the present measure , but wished the House to consider in what manner they were affected ; if it was not in the same manner as by similar measures adopted in this country . The hereditary revenue of the Crown took its origin in Ireland about the same period as in this country , and is , perhaps , more extensive there than here ; he meant , he said , in its operation . The right hon . gent . here mentioned several duties which were rot known in this country . For the defence of the country there was also an excise inland and import , and for defending the seas , as it was called , customs had been granted . But it was not till the reign of Charles the II . that any hereditary or private revenue had been granted to the Crown . In the 14th and 15th of Charles II . duties had been granted for this purpose on teas and tobacco . A duty of 2½d per lb . on tobacco was granted to Charles II . Additional duties had been granted also to William III . on the same article , but with a clause , at the same time , declaring 2½d per pound , as formerly , the hereditary duty , and were continued so till