on the rest of Europe , that the man who , led on by confidence and daring to attempt the subjection of England even single-handed , shall meet the fate that the pride and courage of Englishmen , animated by a just estimate of their liberty , and other advantages , must ever prepare for any invading foe . We must leave in this contest such an example to our posterity , as shall be honourable to ourselves and conducive to their security . We must not look alone to our defence against danger . Much more important consequences must be achieved . As to the extent of time which the contest is likely to occupy , should the enemy succeed 547 in making good a landing in any considerable force , no man can pretend to say positively ; but it is the peculiar duty of Parliament and government to provide for every event . It will not be enough that such . provision should enable us to come victorious out of our contest with the enemy . Our triumph must be signal and decisive . We must resist the en my at every toot of his progress ; bur we must take every care that no unnecessary sacrifices shall be made , that the blood of our countrymen shall on every possible occasion be spared . To these points it is our imperative duty to attend ; for , surely , if ever there was a great trust confided to the liberality and justice of Parliament , it is the means of protecting the lives and blood of their felloe-citizens , who have rushed forward to the post of danger , when he safety of their country was menaced . We should not consent to purchase our security by the sacrifice of cur countrymen , if such a sacrifice could at all be avoided . From these considerations , I conjure the House to point their attention particularly to the consideration of the means of rendering the volunteer force as efficient as possible . That much yet remains to be done , and for which this bill does not provide , I reel the most perfect conviction ; and , although I am of opinion that it would be better the alterations in detail , which I think necessary , should originate with his Majesty 's ministers , who are best qualified to give complete effect to such alterations , yet my sense of duty will not suffer me to neglect the propositions which appear to me eligible . To these propositions shall strictly confine myself , and abstaining from all allusion to whatever I may think on the present state of politics , or to the conduct of ministers hitherto , I shall apply myself solely to the examination of our national defence . That appears to mc be the first and most interesting subject . It ought to occupy the attention of every man . It . is quite enough to fill the mind of any man . This , therefore , claiming my consideration , in preference to every other subject , I look with great concern to the imperfections of the volunteer system , recollecting that it is pushed to an extent , far beyond any thing that was foresee when the country was first declared in dinger ; and , considering its present magnitude , I regret to find tint it is not more advanced in military quality , that it is still extremely inadequate to its object , and that she proper means of promoting its discipline have not been as yet adopted . These means , which I deem most material , I conceive to be ; 1st , the opportunity of regular instruc- 548 tions ; 2dly , the seeming attendance at drill . and 3dly , the enforcing silence , steadiness , amp ; c. when at drill . On the first of these points , I beg to ask of any thinking man , whether it is possible for the volunteer to acquire a sufficient knowledge of the simplest part of military discipline , by attending drill only