has been entrusted to him ; the leading feature of which was , that a system of conciliation was to be adopted , and without indulging the idea that the diseases of the public mind were completely healed . And when ; this is seriously attended to , I think the House can not blame my noble relation for being extremely cautious in receiving information from all quarters of intended insurrection and rebellion , which might tend to create alarms , and to revive old animosities . Undoubtedly , the Irish govt . did receive information that some men , concerned in the , former rebellion , were desirous to recommence their old bad practices ; but every account coincided in this , that the situation of the country was greatly improved , and was every day growing better . At this period the war broke out ; and the Irish administration , combining the account of the enemy 's intentions , with those of insurrections in the country , the lord lieut . suggested whether it would not-be adviseable to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act ; the govt . of this country wished , however , from principles which the House will net very severely 775 criticize not to resort to so strong a measure without an absolute necessity , and therefore proceed to wait till they saw whether any thing of that kind would be attempted . In this situation of affairs , gen. Fox arrived in Ireland on the 1st June last It happened that some time before and at that moment the county of Kildare had shewn strong symptoms of insurrection , and on the 12th duly they were considered to be so threatening , that the lord lient . recommended it to the commander in chief to send troops to 3 or 4 different places in the county , in order to keep down that mischievous spirit The commander in chief , gen. Fox , set out on a military to be into the interior . On the 16th the explosion , as it is called broke out in patrick-street , Dublin , which has been much exaggerated ; it having been said by some that a powder-mill blew up . Now what is the state of the fact ? Two persons only were at home at the time , one of whom being nearly suffocated , in the act of throwing up a window , so cut Ins arm with the glass that he bled to death , the ether , who was also nearly suffocated , was a poor ignorant mar. , and could give no further account than that the powder was brought there to make up the combustibles . This affair , however , lea govt . to make further inquires , and the lord-lieut . wrote on the 18th of July to the commander in chief , informing him of the transactions . This letter was not received by the general , as the lord lieut . expected , for it was sent by the military secretaries to him at Tullamore , and from his having changed his course , it did not reach him till he came to Dublin . The lord lient . however , concluded with reason , that he had received it ; arid therefore it was , that he replied to the commander in chief , that he had nothing particular to communicate.—On the night of Thursday the 21st , the general returned . In the course of Thursday , the only fresh circumstance was , the alarm of Mr. Clark , an eminent manufacturer , who stated certain appearances and dispositions on the part of his workmen , indicative of an approaching disturbance . On Friday he returned , and said , he was convinced his alarm was not founded . Now , will gent , contend that govt . were actually obliged to know what happened before it happened ? Or do they mean to say that govt . knowing what they did , did nor do every thing that was necesssary ? I deny that assertion.—Many things having been stated with respect