20 days in a year , and , generally , not more than two or three hours each day—particularly taking into account the inadequacy of the instructions , amp ; c I am aware that these arguments may be said to offer objections to the system altogether ; but these objections I fee ! to be removable , by attending to the alterations I have suggested and shall hereafter propose . What may be done at a future time , I shall not now enter into , but merely confine myself to the manner in which they should make the best use of the time that yet remains to prepare them for the impending danger ; and this preparation should be stimulated and encouraged by the cond.net of Parliament . The . spirit of our gallant volunteers , so long tried by susperce , may be otherwise relaxed . Danger being so often menaced and so long suspended , their zeal may be weakened , unless Parliament shall do its duty by giving to those valiant patriots every possible means of rendering their exertions in the cause of their country completely effectual . This done , and your views fully explained , I am persuaded that the volunteers will accede to any proposal that the necessity of the case may suggest . Such is the nature of the minds of Englishmen , that I have not the shadow of doubt , that there is no difficulty which they would not encounter , and no privation to which they would not submit , when they shall understand that such difficulties and privation are necessary to succeed in the glorious cause committed to their charge , of rescuing their country from danger , and establishing the security of their countrymen . In order , then , to promote the efficiency which I have in view , I would propose , that the volunteer corps should be encouraged to go on permanent duty , suppose for a week , or two , or three , as was the case last summer in particular districts on the coast , always taking-care to assemble the corps in the place convenient to their native home . For this purpose , I should propose that a small bounty be given to each volunteer who would consent to march on such permanent duty , namely , 7s.Per week , independently of 1s . per day , to every volunteer who should so march . This plan would , I am persuaded , do more towards promoting discipline and military habits among the men , than any drilling at different and detached periods . I 549 had an opportunity of witnessing the salutary effects of such a system last summer . About 2 or 300.0001 . Would be quite sufficient to defray the expence of it . Surely it can not be pretended that Parliament manage with judgment and integrity the purse of their constituent , if they refuse to open it , in order to advance this sum for a purpose of such high importance , to save the lives and property of the people , and to bring the contest in which we are engaged to a speedy and glorious conclusion.—Now , as to the mode of instructing the volunteer corps , I mentioned before Christmas very fully the propriety of appointing field officers , & c. to such battalions as applied for them , and I am still of the same opinion , as none of the arguments which have been advanced against my recommendation appear to me to have any weight , and as I know , from my own observation , the advantages that would result from it . I would propose that the instruction of volunteer corps should be assisted by the regular officers stationed in the several districts , particularly those on the coast , on some parts of which no less than from SO to 100,000 men might be speedily collected . I would also recommend the adoption of some system , not harsh , to enforce attendance at drill , which is particularly necessary . This might be done by