frigates , sloops , and other ships of war of larger force , that any very considerable and material impression can be made on them.—For his part , he thought the House should cautiously entertain a question of this nature , and should refuse inquiry which would create suspicion , and might be attended with very mischievous consequences to the naval service , and to the general interest and welfare of the country . The House would do well to recollect also , that we had only been fortunate enough to any a very tow months peace after ten wars of extremely laborious service ; so that , when at the end of the war the men were discharged , there was scarcely one who would not rather have died than enter again , which had very greatly increased the difficulty of raising the number that had been voted by Parliament . The men had , however , been raised to nearly the full complement ; but this had been done by means of uncommon and unceasing exertions , 888 which reflected the highest credit on the Admiralty . From the beginning of the war to the present moment , the fleets had been constantly and continually on the alert ; and there never had been shewn so much gallant perseverance and excellent seamanship as in our Brest fleet having kept its station in spite of every obstacle during so many months . The fleet lying off Ferrol , Toulon , the Texel , Flushing , & c. had all evinced the same persevering bravery , zeal , and watchfulness , and shewed , that if we were but unanimous amongst ourselves , we might bid defiance to all the power and menaces of an enemy that durst not venture out of any of his ports to face the squadrons , whether great or small , that were stationed to confine them therein . would not have offered himself so soon to the Speaker 's notice , had he not been called upon by his hon . and gallant friend ( Admiral Pole ) , and by some evident mistatements which had been made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , To the first he should reply , that he was not aware of the jobs which had been made of gun-boats last war , but certainly could say , that the gun-vessels , which his right hon . friend alluded to in his motion , were not of that description , but were of a class of which he should have occasion to mention hereafter . With respect to the triumphant sort of flourish which had been made use of by Mr. Tierney , who said , that no ground of complaint had been made out against the Admiralty , and that he expected to hear of country being cut off , and vessels taken , he should only state , that something of that sort might have been all edged with justice , which he should likewise allude to by and by ; but when he heard him state that the care and providence of the Admiralty had been such as to raise the whole extent of the vote of seamen , except 1700 , he must suppose that he was so newly come into office , and as yet felt himself so little at home in it , that he ' had neither examined the truth of his assertions , nor asked any professional person if it could possibly be the case . The fact was , that he had taken the whole of the returns of the Navy-office from the monthly books I of the ships , which amounted to 76,000 men , I in which the marines were included , and had added the 15,000 marines which were returned to the Admiralty from the headquarters . Did he mean to say , that there were 15,000 marines at this time who were not embarked ? Because certainly the fact I was not so . There was hardly a marine at any of the head-quarters . They were all embarked on