was thrown upon that occasion , government has been vigilant . Now if I were to admit the truth of this last ground of justification ; it I were to admit , in its full force , the as senior , that from the moment of riot , or 756 whatever it was proper to call it , on the 23d of July , government has been the most vigorous , vigilant , and active that ever existed , yet no part of the accusation upon which this motion is founded would have been answered , for this motion is founded upon an allegation that they did not use proper precautions before and on the 23d of July ; the motion has no reference to any thing which has happened since that period Now , it is complained of as a thing improper , that a better prospect has been held forth on the subject of the tranquillity and happiness of Ireland than ought to have been , or than the real state of things would warrant ; and upon these topics my noble friend says that he has stated his opinion with no particular emphasis , but that what he said on that occasion was to be taken with shades and qualifications.—Now , Sir my complaint is that these shades and qualifications , with which subsequent speeches of my noble friend a bounded , were never made when the assertion of the tranquillity and happiness of Ireland was made . But when that assertion is complained of as being refuted by facts , then my noble friend turns round and products his shades and qualifications of what he said . This reminds me of the statement ma e by the Chancellor of the Exchequer last sessions , relative to the state of profound peace , in which that right hon . gent . then represented Ireland . He insisted upon it that when he talked formerly of a peace he did not mean profound peace : but that the words `` profound '' and 'peace '' were so apt to come together . Why they go together , I know not , unless , indeed , that they both begin with a P.—Now , I expect that ministers will deal fairly with Parliament ; I am of opinion that the words of ministers , especially when they are prospective , should be weighed well before they are delivered , for I do not understand the idea that men are to be called `` nature 's fools , '' for having believed the words of a minister ; or that it should be thrown in their teeth that `` none but fools could believe them . '' Now , the House is asked why they did not bung with them , when they believed the assertion that Ireland was likely to be tranquil and harpy , these shades and qualifications to accompany their belief , so as to be prepared for what has actually happened ? But these were not loose or vague assertions , they were the serious assertions of a gentleman well qualified to make them , and for that reason likely to obtain credit for them when made , from the great advantage he is well known to possess by local knowledge , and therefore it is not matter of won- 757 der that the House of Commons gave that assertion credit.—But my noble friend has said that upon the explosion in Patrick Street , government began to think that all was not right . Now , that explosion was on the l6th of July ; the insurrection took , place on the 23d . Here is a period of a week during which nothing was done ; no precaution was taken by this `` wise , vigilant , and provident government , '' notwithstanding this abundant reason for precaution . The explosion happened on the l6th , which ought to have put ministers on their guard , nothing , however , was done until the 23d . On the 23d the insurrection takes place , and then , but not till then , government thinks of