on the . subject ; nor did he give his opinion whether such a duty should or should not be laid on that manufacture . He had only concluded , from the face of the right hon . gent 's , statement , that that duty was to be removed . If he had been led into an error , it was with the right hon . gent , himself that that error originated ; for he had certainly stated that the schedules he had submitted to the House , had met with the approbation of the manufacturers and merchants , whose approbation , from what he knew of their sentiments , was not to he obtained by a continuance of the duty . He 694 was sorry it was not taken off , but he did not mean to enter into the propriety cither of doing or of not doing so . begged leave to put the right hon . gent , right . He had not really used the words to which the right hon . gent . had alluded . He had only expressed his hops that it would meet the approbation of all the mercantile interest of the country . He had received letters from the merchants of Cork , stating certain circumstances and certain requisitions that would be acceptable to them . All these he had complied with in the schedule by anticipation , and hoped they would therefore be pleased . The merchants of Belfast had desired the measure to be postponed , and for this reason he had delayed it for some time ; but they had come forward with no requisitions whatever . Io letters from Dublin a drawback on salt had been requested , and this was one instance , and , except another of very Utile moment , the only instance , in which he had not complied with what he knew to be the wish of those who were concerned . complimented the right hon . gent , on the perspicuity and clearness with which he had expressed himself , and thought that his statement ought in this respect to give general satisfaction ; but said , that on his return home after the last session , he was very much blamed by his constituents for not opposing the tax when it was imposed . His silence , he confessed , was owing entirely to ignorance , as he was not aware that such a duty had been imposed . He was one of those who had opposed the Union ; but as soon as that act of the Legislature had passed , he had done all in his power to make it as palatable as possible . He was sorry , there fore , to see one of the first acts of the united legislature have so great a tendency to depress the staple commodity , and almost the sole manufacture of Ireland . Such , a step , he thought , must make the union still more unpopular than any thing that had hitherto been done . did not see why the North , of Ireland should be exempted from any of those duties that were necessary to support the government , more than any other part of the empire . He thought the situation of the state required some exertion , and did not apprehend that the linen trade was at all suffering under the tax . No class of labourers in Europe were better paid than those connected with the linen manufacture in Ireland , and therefore none , he thought , were better able to contribute to the support of the state . It would be enough if they were relieved from the tax when the situation of the country could admit of it . said , he did not think there were any grounds for taking off this duly ; there were between thirty and forty articles employed in the linen manufacture of Ireland , imported duty-free , which was not the case with English manufactures . thought the tax in question could be no reasonable subject of complaint , when it was