: of the result he had no doubt . He conceived the principle circulation of Bank notes was in the metropolis , and within ten 712 miles ; in all other parts , nine-tenths of the circulation was in private bank notes.—A great deal had been said on the subject of notes issued by private bankers . But it should be recollected , that on these there was a powerful check against the too extensive issue of paper . If the holders of their notes came to demand cash for them . Bankers might tender the notes of the National Bank in payment : these might be refused : the debtors in the mean time were privileged only from arrest ; but if the creditors still insisted on cash , and there was none to give them , the bankers must ultimately be thrown into person . The private bankers were principally supported by credit ; and that credit rested on the properly they were supposed to possess , as being sufficient to answer the demands upon them . Such persons , when they had a sufficient capital , were unquestionably very useful men . It might happen sometimes that the holders of such private paper , if they chose to act , up to all the severity which the law-allowed them , would make a sudden demand on the bank from which the paper issued ; and that demand could not be satisfied , because the property that was to support the credit of the firm , must have been laid out in different securities , and could not be collected in sufficient time to answer those sudden demands . What then would be the consequence of such demands ? That the persons making them must bring ruin , not only to the debtors , but probably lose all chance of obtaining the amount of their demand . A system of credit and good faith must therefore be kept up in the country ; and it might receive the most dreadful shock from any sudden change , such as would follow the rejection of the bill then before the House . It was a most fortunate circumstance for the trade and commerce of this country , that paper credit existed to the extent it did , and that mercantile men reposed such confidence in each other . As a proof of the existence of such credit , he would de ire any man who wanted to raise the sum or 2.000l . on a landed estate , to call on all the monied men from Temple Bar to White-chapel , and he would find that not one of these would advance the money on the security of his estate , until he had employed attorneys and special pleaders to inquire into all the titles , and examine all the deeds , by virtue of which he held it . But let him fill his pockets with bills drawn by mercantile men , even to an amount much beyond the sum of 2,000l . and provided they were drawn by fair and reputable traders , every one of them would be accepted with 713 out a moment 's hesitation.—These observations must convince the House of the necessity of carefully abstaining from any sudden and violent measure , by which the system of public credit might be affected . Perhaps it might be said , that it was necessary to put a stop to the circulation of paper , for which there existed no sort of security whatever . This circumstance put him in mind of a species of paper , which was very frequently issued in the country , known by the name of `` accommodation bills '' It was no uncommon practice for persons who had not one shilling property , that could serve as a security , to draw bills , which bills were accepted by others , and endorsed by others again , all equally destitute of property . These were circulated through the country to the great injury of those through whose hands they passed . In the exercise of his professional duty he had an