. begged leave to say a very few words in explanation . He assured the noble lord that he should feel more happy in finding that every tiling practicable had been done in the line of naval defence , than that any of his apprehensions of another kind should be realized . But to be convinced of this , some further explanation than that just offered should be given . He thought the comparative statements which had been given did not proceed upon a fair principle : there certainly was no comparison between the first years of a war when the previous peace establishment had been only 18,000 men , and that in which it had been 558 50,000—where they had passed to a war from a state of profound peace , and where hostilities were resorted to after a continual apprehension of war.—He thought it should be shewn what progress was made in that species of defence to counteract attempts at invasion , by means of shallow water ? —Were the comparisons drawn from the state of preparation at those periods of the late war when invasion was more particularly thought of , as in 1797 and 1798 , and in the summer of the year 1801 , the difference would be more apparent , and the contrast more visible with those steps which had been lately and tardily taken for counteracting the designs of the enemy in these particulars . He felt it a duty due to himself and to the country , to point the attention of the House to this important top ' c—a duty with which no former partiality or private friendships should interfere , and which , therefore , he should bring forward in a more specific form to the consideration of the House . said , at that late hour he should not trouble the House at much length . There were , however , some topics on which he was desirous on say a few words . The first and most important of these was the power , in the volunteer corps , of intermediately appointing their officers . He would nor call this a right . But he contended , they ought to have the power of recommending officers through the lords lieutenants , to his Majesty . Hs would venture to say , that all the volunteers , in offering their service , entertained the expectation of appointing their own officers in this manner . He then alluded to a late transaction concerning the Southwark volunteers , and said , he would declare plainly , that if the right honourable secretary of state proceeded to the extreme he threatened in this respect , he would lose the greater part of the volunteer force . The volunteer system was to supply the deficiency of the Defence Act . It was acknowledged by ministers , that the act was not practicable had it been attempted to be carried into effect : the volunteer system was , therefore , resorted to . But the House must see that the system was of frail texture , and , if it should crumble away , the country mast return to the measures of the Defence Act , inadequate to the necessity as they were acknowledged to be.—Mr . Whitbread next adverted to the pica of economy urged by ministers in behalf of the vounteer system . They ought not to attempt to impose upon the people , by telling them of its economy , when every man knows that it is more burthensome to the public than if a more effective force had been raised.—He 559 then took a view of the attempt to enforce more rigid discipline on the volunteer corps . He contended there was no power of doing so . He spoke of discipline in minute things , which was injudiciously attempted . In the first instance , perhaps , a general plan might have been established , for all the volunteer corps . But now each must be chiefly governed in its own manner . The number of days of drill , far instance , must vary , according to the