directly urged , silence is no longer expedient . It then becomes the duty of the Irish representatives candidly to deliver their opinions , and it is in the exercise of this opinion , that I shall at present explicitly declare my sentiments.—If , at an ealier period after the events which took place on the 23d of July , I had been called upon to deliver my opinion as to the expediency of inquiry , perhaps I might have seen room for considerable hesitation and doubt . If the object of that inquiry had been to afford an opportunity for I a most gallant and respectable officer , who from certain insinuation felt himself injured , to clear up his character , I should , in that case , have seen pretty strong grounds for going into a committee of inquiry . It is what equity and honour requires , that the unspotted glory and character of a gallant soldier should be free from every imputation . But no such cause as this now exists . The hon . officer 's friends and relations are satisfied , that no sort of blame is meant to be attached to any part of his conduct on the 23d of July . The explanation is satisfactory , and this part of the question is , therefore , put to rest . The hon . general has not demanded further inquiry . His relations have not insisted on it . His friends have not persisted in urging any additional testimony in favour of his conduct on the occasion , to which the motion of the hon . baronet goes . 767 I wish , therefore , to press it on the consideration of the hon . mover , whether any good can result from pressing the question ? By persevering in it his Majesty 's ministers will be placed in a most disagreeable dilemma . If , on the one hand , ministers , however much convinced of its impolicy , were to agree 60 the committee proposed , I desire to know what would be the consequence , as applicable to the people of Ireland ? In this C3se , they would be inclined to ask , on what principle it was that they were to obey a government of whose ability and integrity the most serious suspicions were entertained , and whose conduct was made the ground of parliamentary inquiry ? On the other hand , if the inquiry were refused , a suspicion might be excited , that the refusal on the part of ministers arose froth a dread of having their whole conduct fully and impartially investigated . I can not but wish , therefore , that the question should not be pressed , at least at the present moment . If , however , the question is to be persisted in , beg the House shortly to consider what is the real state of affairs , so far as the events of the 23d of July are involved . I will not pretend to justify the Irish government , by pretending that if all the circumstances which gave rise to the events of that day had been fully foreseen , the conduct of government would have been what it was in other circumstances . It does not at all follow from this , that because the government did not foresee the whole circumstances of the conspiracy , that therefore they were negligent in the use of proper means of precaution . I am ready , therefore , to admit , that to a certain degree the Irish government were surprised . When I say this , I beg leave to be distinctly understood . The government were surprised , not for want of foresight , but they were surprised because the insurrection itself took place under a certain degree of surprise . The attempt at rebellion was not only unnatural in itself , but altogether premature . It was an abortion of a conspiracy which the best doctor could not have prevented . Government was in possession of information that insurrections were hatching , but the precise moment