House , on the subject of his proposition . The objections of the Right Hon . Sec . seemed to him to be founded on two or three grounds ; first , a doubt whether a sufficient number of field officers could be procured ; 2dly , an apprehension of creating discontent amongst the officers of the volunteer corps ; and 3dly , the injury that the officers thus employed would sustain by being placed on half-pay after the war . The two first appeared inconsistent with each other . The first proceeded on a supposition that 4 or 500 would be necessary , and the second 011 the supposition that the corps would be dissatisfied ; but as his proposition extended only to such as should apply , if there should not be many applications the first objection . as to the number would be done away , and if many should apply as he hoped all would , then there , could be no discontent , and the second objection vanished . But he maintained , that a sufficient number could be supplied from the line . Each regiment consisted of 750 , had two lieut . colonels , two majors , and ten captains , and the question therefore would be , whether it was more material to the public security that every old regiment should have its number of old captains complete , or every battalion of 1,000 volunteers , have an efficient field officer to prepare them , by discipline , to accomplish the common object of all , the effectual defence and security of their country ? But , if the regiments of the line could not afford the numbers necessary , the half-pay officers might be employed , or those who had retired from the service , or from amongst 279 those meritorious officers who bad been in the India Company 's service.—As to the other circumstances of discontent , there would be reason to apprehend that there may be disappointment , it not discontent , should the application for such assistance be refused . As to the third objection , the auk-ward situation to which the appointment would reduce the officers , by exposing them to be placed on half-pay , and interfering with their promotion , he could not , in his view of the question , admit such a conclusion . He could not perceive why such officers might not be in as fair a situation to be promoted to vacancies as if employed in any other way.—There was another general subject on which the Right Hon . Sec . had touched , though he had applied it somewhat whimsically . He had stated as his opinion , that the admission of regular officers into militia regiments was a wise measure , and he was even disposed to go further than the legislature had done ; it was fair then to turn his personal judgment against himself , and insist that with such an opinion he can not consistently object to the proposition , for if regular officers were of great benefit to the militia , they must , of course , be equally so to the volunteers , and he had no hesitation in saying , that though he thought the decision of Parliament right , he now , with his eyes open , asserted it was erroneous . He therefore hoped that gentlemen would not object to the proposition ; he would not , however , press it then ; but unless he should understand it to be the intention of his Majesty 's government to adopt some such regulation , he would bring it forward again hereafter . considered the reasons advanced by his right hon . friend , against adopting the proposition to its lull extent satisfactory . He concurred in the principle , but he had doubts of its practicability . The number of volunteers in the united empire was 43,0,000 , which , if formed into battalions of 500 each , and from local circumstances a greater number could not be assembled , would require 860 field officers . He admitted that the right