science . Much had been done , but much remained to be done , and it was only by constant , renewed , and active attention , that the common object of all was to be accomplished . By persevering in a wise system of instruction and discipline for the volunteers , every year would afford an additional improvement , which , in the end , would defeat every attempt of an inveterate enemy , would enable us to continue with spirit and confidence the contest in which we were engaged , tedious is it was likely to prove , and conduct us to a long series of years of secure an . ; honorable peace . Thus much he had thought it necessary to say : he should only add , his conviction , though much more had been done , than some gentlemen were disposed to admit , much less had been effected than sanguine persons were too apt to suppose . agreed with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) in the opinion he entertained respecting the efficiency of the volunteer corps . He was also ready to admit , that every possible effort should be made to render them as perfect as possible in discipline . He , however , doubted much whether he proposition of his right hon . friend could be carried into effect to be extent he wished . Adjutants and serjeant-majors , he did not deny , ought to be appointed in every case 276 where the members of the corps required them , provided care were taken that none but proper and competent persons should be appointed , and that the places should be filled rather with a view to the public interest , than , as on former occasions , from favour . He feared it was impracticable to procure field officers from the line , if his hon . friend 's plan were to be pursued , in sufficient numbers . There were 604 troops of cavalry , 102 companies of artillery , and 3,947 companies of volunteer infantry . The cavalry alone would require sixty field officers , and the others in proportion . The officer on the half-pay list had been provided for in the reserve , and many could not be procured from amongst those who had retired , many having been appointed inspecting officers of the volunteers . He was aware the right hon . gentleman would say that field officers would not be required for all the battalions ; but as these should be taken from the regiments of the line , either field officers or the oldest captains , he thought it impracticable . Besides , he should be both to interfere with officers of that descreption , who may be dissatisfied at their removal . In the next place , he was as little disposed to be deterred from the pursuit of a measure of national importance by the apprehension of its unpopularity as any hon . gentleman , yet he could not think it would be acting altogether fairly with the captains of volunteer corps , over whose heads field officers would necessarily be put , though they may not be superior to the colonels . Here the right hon . Secretary begged to remind the House of the conduct of Parliament last session with respect to the introduction of regular officers into the militia . They had authorized the admission of subalterns and captains ; but they stopped short at field officers , and this appeared to him a kind of parliamentary barrier . He had himself , as a militia officer , and from having turned his thoughts particularly to the subject , entertained an opinion , that the introduction of regular officers , even field officers into the militia , would hive promoted the efficiency of the regiments , and he had doubts of the policy of limiting the admission to captains and subalterns . He did not mean any disrespect to the militia in saying this . There was another objection , which , though not very material , ought not to be lost sight