the interests of the country , by the slovenly manner in which most of the works of art in this country were now executed . He stated it to be a fact , that in consequence of the very superior execution of the print of the death of Captain Cook , by Woollett , and of the Battle , of La Hogue , English engravings had risen to a high reputation on the Continent ; So much was this the case , that for the former of these engravings , Woollet received between 6,000l . and 7,000l . and the revenue coming into this country from this branch of art , at one time exceeded 200,000l . per annum . By the slovenly manner , however , in which works of this kind were now executed , both the individual and public advantages had ceased to operate . He did not mean to apply the doctrine which he had now laid to the gentlemen concerned in the present bill . Their conduct and exertions , he was ready to confess , had been highly meritorious . said , that however much he might disapprove of the practice of granting privileges similar to those contained in the present bill , for the disposal of private property , he , for one , and he was convinced every man who heard him , would agree in thinking that the conferring such a privilege on the Messrs. Boydell 's , was no more than a tribute justly due to them from their country , in which they had been the principal instruments of improving , if not of establishing the arts of painting and engraving . He was not prepared to say , that the noble earl was not unfounded in his ge- 850 neral observations . He thought , however , that part of the falling off in the demand for British works of art on the Continent , might be ascribed , without injustice , to that spirit which characterised a particular country , of wishing to lay their hands on every valuable piece of art gratis , rather than for payment.—The bill was then read a first time . moved , that the House resolve itself into a Committee on the above bill . On the question being put from the chair , returned the right hon . member the most sincere thanks , both on his part , and in the name of his constituents , who had desired him so to do , for the very liberal manner in which lie had attended to their interest , and made them acquainted with the different duties which were to be in any manner altered by the bill . In other parts of Ireland , however , the commercial men were acquainted with the true object of the bill . He therefore hoped , that so much attention would be paid to the doubts , or even the prejudices of so respectable a body of men , as not to make the duties permanent in the present session of Parliament . expressed the greatest degree of pleasure in having the testimony of the worthy baronet and of the merchants of so respectable a place as Waterford , in favour of his conduct . There were other places also of the first respectability in that part of the United Kingdom which he thought had nearly an equal right to be pleased with the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers towards them ; in the City of Cork , he knew that there was at present some difference of opinion with regard lo the operation of the bill , but the opposition was there so slight that 852 he thought a very little reflexion or explanation on the subject would reconcile the commercial people of that city . The merchants of the city of Dublin , indeed , were a body of men possessing as strict honour as any persons in the world , and whose capital was as great as that of any other class of his Majesty 's subjects in proportion to the trade of the country . They had