349 were always to be followed , for what purpose were some persons , selected to lead ? No national man would wish to render himself obnoxious to the people , but yet no intelligent and dignified statesman would shrink from his purpose from fear of popularity , for it was notorious that the people were too apt to consult their immediate ease , and but seldom to look to future interests , however important they might be . Ministers , if they were wise , should rather encourage than attempt to depreciate an opposition , from which they might obtain he most useful advice . In many cases , indeed , they had acted upon advice derived from that quarter , although so forward to traduce its consequence , at the time it was offered . Ministers were told by his right hon . friend , that if the dangers of the country were fully made known , the spirit of the people would be found ready to meet it , and this appeared from the result ; but the complaint of his right hon . friend now was , that that spirit was ill directed , that the Slower of the military strength of the country was locked up in the volunteer system , and that the volunteers were governed by committees which were likely to become the focus of democracy . That such committees did exist was a fact quite notorious , arid that six privates had , from their institution , the power of governing a whole corps , officers included , and or arranging every thing connected with its internal conduct , enforcing the attendance members , infliction of fines , & c—With respect to the allusions made to the amount of the bounties given to the substitutes for the Army of Reserve , he could say from his own knowledge , that not less than 50£0 guineas were offered for substitutes in Middlesex . A man was known to hold a paper , pasted on the top of a pole , at Charing Cross , with an inscription of `` 50 guineas for a substitute ; '' and his hon . friend had said , that 100 guineas had been advertised for two substitutes at the Market Place of Norwich . To prove the enormous bounties offered , in contradiction to the statement of an hon . gen. on the opposite side of the House , he could quote many other instances , but it was unnecessary , and would only serve to prolong the debate—The learned member concluded with accusing ministers of running away from their duty , and declaring that he should always feel proud of having acted with his right hon . friend , in opposition to their system , whatever animadversion might be made upon him in that House or whatever calumnies might 350 be propagated respecting him out of doors , because he was equally satisfied of she purity of his right hon . friend 's motives , and the profound wisdom of his political conceptions . began by saying , that the learned member had concluded with a very heavy charge , indeed upon his Majesty 's ministers , namely , that they had deserted their duties and had given encouragement to a spirit of culumny ; but , to whom the charge of dealing in groundless slander and detraction most properly applied , he would leave it to the House and the public to judge . of the duty of a member of Parliament be was fully aware ; and no man re peeled that duty more than he did . He . knew that , consistently with that duty , every member of that House was bound to examine , and entitled to state fully , his opinion upon every public measure . He should be sorry to see that disposition damped by any fear of animadversion , or that the exercise of such an important right should become the subject of calumny . He admitted fully that a statesman should prefer the interests of the people to every other consideration , and that unpopularity should