also very material with a view to the personal liberty of the subject . in explanation , said , that he alluded to the number of shipwrights employed in the dockyards . said , that he allud- 918 ed to artificers in general , and probably the difference on this subject was the best refutation of the right hon . gentleman 's statement . spoke in favour of the motion , and thought the Admiralty had shown great severity and unbecoming rigour in their conduct . This , he thought , applied individually to the noble lord who presided at the head of the board , however meritorious he might otherwise be . People were removed from places on slight and frivolous pretences . There was in their whole conduct an extreme and ostentatious severity . said , that the more this question was discussed by the House , the weaker were the arguments of all its advocates . In the early part of the debate , on hon . admiral had stated , that he thought there was no exertion on the part of the Admiralty . To that he would say , let him look at the state of the marine . That hon . admiral had also said , that he suspected the motions which had been made that night , did not go far enough in regard to making enquiries . If they did not , the same hen . admiral had told the House , that he himself had something to propose , which would carry the investigation still further . Far his part , he could not rightly conceive how that hon . admiral could possibly carry it farther than what had been done by the right hon . gent , who had made these motions . He thought that the present inquiry tended to nothing else than to injure , the first lord of the Admiralty . Without any disparagement to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , he might venture to say , that during the whole 17 years of his administration he had generally shewn himself to be inimical to making such inquiries , or entering into any investigations whatever . He , however , would , in justice to that right hon . gent , mention , that he remembered having , on one particular occasion , procured from him , with some difficulty , an old bundle of papers . He was not inclined to impute to that right hon . gent , any improper or personal motives in his proposed investigation , though he must own that it appeared some what curious , that he should now venture to become an accuser , and indulge himself in making motion after motion , and encouraging speech after speech , when it tended so evidently to injure others . So many motions were proposed for inquiries into the conduct of ministers , that there appeared to be no end to them . He could not bring himself to be convinced , that the right hon . gent , was really in ear- 919 nest on this occasion , on the contrary , he was inclined to think that he had brought such motions forward , in order to win some bet he bad entered into with some of his friends . It even appeared to him , indeed , that the right hon . gent , and his coadjutors were , or had been , in a similar situation to a certain celebrated female who had lately so much attracted the notice of the public ; and that he had lately been troubled with a dream . Whether he had been dreaming about stupendous columns , about sugar canes , or of the western world , he could not take upon him to determine ; but it seemed as if he had , like the lady alluded be , thrown aside the camphor bag , and welcomed opposition to his Majesty 's ministers . It really appeared that the right . hon . gent , had not now a leg to stand upon . He had