the Court of Session in Scotland , relative to certain persons who voted at that election . The application he made on the part of Sir R. Abercromby , and as no inconvenience could ensue to any of the parties , he trusted the House would have no difficulty to accede to his motion . was not aware of any objection to the motion of the hon . member , betas it was usual to precede such motions with notices , he thought the regular course of proceeding should not be departed from . It could not interfere with the object of the hon . member to fix his motion for a future day , and the House and the parties would thereby have an opportunity of considering whether it was or was not liable to objection.—After a few observations from Mr. Curwen and Mr. Wm , Dundas , Mr. Creevey noticed Ins motion for to morrow . rose , for the purpose of offering 469 to the House a motion , which , if he were to adhere to the usual forms of proceeding in such cases , it would be proper to submit , after a previous notice . It did not , however , appear to him necessary to conform , in the present instance , to the established usage of Parliament ; and he was confident the House would concur with him in that opinion , when put in possession of the words of his motion . His object in making it was , to have certain papers aid upon their table to which members could regularly refer on all occasions , as official documents . The papers he alluded to were , Copies of the correspondence between his Majesty 's Secretaries of Stale by letters called circular , and the Lords Lieutenants of the different counties of Great-Britain . Every one of these letters bad been primed and circulated , by order of his Majesty 's government , for which reason , he could neither conceive any objection that could possibly be made to laying them on the table , nor did he suppose a notice of his motion necessary . The papers contained all the directions of his Majesty 's ministers , for the regulation and establishment of the volunteer corps , as well as for the better training and disciplining the people under the general defence act , and would be found useful documents to which to refer in discussions concerning these subjects . He believed he ; was correct in staling , that all these letters bad been printed . The House would , therefore , see , that if he departed in this instance from the usual practice , it was on an occasion which bore no resemblance to the ordinary cases in which motions are made for the production of papers . If he should underhand from such of his Majesty 's ministers as were in the House , that his motion would not be resisted , it would not be necessary for him to occupy more of the time of the House than barely to move `` That there be laid before the House , Copies of all the circular letters , written since the commencement of the present war , by any of his Majesty 's Secretaries of State to the Lords Lieutenants of the different counties in Great-Britain , respecting the establishment and regulation of volunteer corps , and respecting oilier measures for the defence of the country , and for the better execution of the acts of the last session of Parliament , '' —Ordered . rose , pursuant to notice , to move that the order for a ballot on the petition respecting the election for the county of Stilling , on the 1st of March , should be discharged , and ( hat it should be appointed for consideration on the 17th of April next . The grounds on which he made the motion the hon . member stated to be , that a point intimately connected with that election had been decided upon by the Court of Sessions in Scotland , against which