contend with a set of miserable slaves and conscripts . I say , Sir , I never can entertain so mean an opinion of the courage of my countrymen , as to suppose it necessary to represent the enemy whom they have to fight other than what he really is.—But then again , they say , that the manner in which I talk of our volunteers , tends to discourage the people . Now , Sir , I think it is rather extraordinary that I , who say that every peasant in the country may materially contribute to the defeat of the enemy , should he accused of discouraging the nation ; and that this accusation should come from persons , who treat with the greatest ridicule all the efforts that the people can make , if not clothed in red , and trained to the Prussian tactics . This is a subject upon which it is not very pleasant to be so misrepresented ; and I deny that I ever used any language of a sort to discourage any part of our force . Do I say , disband the irregulars , for they can be of no use ? quite the contrary : I say , add 2 or 300,000 stout able-bodied men to their numbers . Do I say the volunteers can not fight the French ? No ; but I recommend that you should not employ them in the manner which I think least calculated to enable them to light with advantage . They would have plenty of fighting if employed in the way that I wish ; but would not be exposed to defeat , so much as if you attempt to make them troops of the line . Then , as to the training , it is said , would you have them unlearn all they have learnt ? To which I answer , that I would have them learn what is more useful than what they have learnt ; I would have them learn to act more loosely like light infantry . Now , upon this subject , a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) has told us , that the opinion of some of the best officers with whom he has conversed is , that in training men to act as light infantry , you ought to begin by teaching them that regular sort of tactics that our volunteers have been learning : and , therefore , upon this principle , to do what I propose would not be to undo what has been done , but to proceed one step further towards what that right hon . gent , has described as being the last stage of instruction.—What I say then is , not that the volunteers as they now are will be of any use ; but that what I have called an armed peasantry , that is to say , a force less expensively 970 dressed , trained less like the troops of the line , but containing all the youngest , stoutest and hardiest men in the country , 3-fourths of whom are now unarmed , would have been a more powerful force : and this difference of the numbers and description of men is the main point ; though I am far from thinking that the mode of training , or even the dress are unimportant considerations . And now . Sir , I can not help taking this opportunity of noticing what passed , when I once quoted the instance of La Vendee , as a proof of what can be effected by an armed peasantry . It was then urged , that this was a case by no means in point ; but I think that the whole objection proceeded from a misunderstanding of what had been proposed by us . The Vendéans it was said , became soldiers by long endurance , after suffering great disasters , during which the enemy carried lire and sword into every cottage in the country ; and we are asked whether we have made up our minds to undergo similar calamities ? or even ,