the most serious attention of Parliament . It had been first proposed as a measure merely temporary , to meet a momentary but very alarming danger ; as such it had , he thought , been highly beneficial . But it had been attended with the mischief inseparable from all measures of the same description . The fundamental principle of all governments on this subject ought to be , that credit and circulation , if undisturbed by legislative interference , will invariably find their own level . Whenever any temporary purpose ( as must sometimes happen ) induces a departure from this principle , the misfortune is , that the first deviation too commonly leads to the necessity of a second , and so necessarily , until it becomes almost impossible to tread back the same steps , or to revert to the only wise system of policy on the subject . So it happened in this case . The measure adopted in the first instance to meet a momentary purpose had afterwards been prolonged ( perhaps unavoidably ) till the conclusion of that war ; and even now , though he lamented the effects of that prolongation , he hardly ventured to decide that the opinion of Parliament had in that instance been wrong . Next came the peace , so very like war , that its authors themselves had been afraid to depart from the war system ; nor had he himself then opposed its renewal , convinced as he was , that the pretended state of peace was a real state of war in every thing , except in the power of providing for self-defence , and for the protection of our own interest . To venture such a step in the present moment , at least with- 305 out much preparation , would doubtless be difficult and hazardous . Bat he was not equally convinced , that it was wise to declare beforehand that the restriction should continue during the whole of this war , entertaining , as he confessed he did , some doubt whether it ought to have been continued to the end of the last war , and still , more , whether it should be prolonged at the peace . He was afraid that there was now growing up in this country a most mistaken apathy on the subject . Many persons believed that the continuance or the restriction had hitherto produced no inconvenience , and that there was therefore no danger in prolonging it almost indefinitely . Both parts of this opinion were , he thought , extremely erroneous . Much evil , he was persuaded , had already been produced by the measure , however necessary at the time of its adoption ; and every day 's continuance augmented , in a rapid proportion , both the extent of the evil and the difficulty of its removal.—That , during the continuance of this measure , our paper circulation , both Bank and private paper , had infinitely increased , no man was ignorant of . He was afraid it might be shewn , that this was a necessary consequence of the measure it-self . The power of converting paper into cash at the will of the holder , was the only sale limitation that ever could exist upon the issue of paper , and , if left to its free operation , it was a limitation that might safely be relied on . All other limitations were arbitrary , depending on the uncertain speculations of individuals upon points which no speculations ever can decide with accuracy . It was said that , if the Bank had not increased its circulating paper since the restriction , no mischief can have arisen from it . No position can be more fallacious . In the first place , the Bank paper has in fact increased ; but , even if this had not happened , the argument would still be of no weight . If private paper has during that period been greatly augmented , it is plain that the whole proportion of paper to cash in circulation has been changed , and