These were , in consequence of the difficulties which occurred , in some instances delayed : and the lieutenancy felt themselves 367 considerably at a loss . He conceived it to be the duty of ministers , to lose no time in obviating those , difficulties . said a few words of support of what fell from thy noble Secretary of State , and adverted to the necessity which existed fur the explanatory bill then under consideration . argued , that nothing which fell from the noble earl militated against the passing of the bill then before the House . The greater part of what his lordship had advanced , went to points which had no connexion whatever with the bill , which I was of an explanatory and a very limited nature . He was free to confess his disapprobation , in certain points of view , of proceedings of this kind : he liked not explanatory act after explanatory act , and exposition after exposition . These considerations should be left , as far as possible , to the construction and explanation of those in whose province it was regularly to explain them : he alluded principally to his Majesty 's law officers . With respect to the measure regularly under consideration , the noble , and learned lord coincided with , and enforced what had fallen from the noble Secretary of Stats . in additional explanation , observed , that his object was . not u > resist she progress of the bill ; as far as it went , he rather approved of it ; but he considered it as by no means sufficiently efficacious or extensive , and , in that view , lie thought it susceptible of amendment . then put the question , and after a few words between him and the noble earl , respecting the point of order on that proceeding , the bill was read a third time , and passed ; and a message was immediately sent to the Commons , acquainting them , that their lordships had agreed to the bill , with certain amendments . Their lordships then , after disposing of some routine . business , adjourned during pleasure.—After a short interval , Air . Sargent , accompanied by several members , returned the Volunteer Corps Regulation Bill from the Commons , who had agreed to their lordships ' amendments.—This being notified to the House , an adjournment till to-morrow immediately took place . said , he rose for the purpose of giving a notice relative to the Ways and Means of Ireland . It was not usual to go into the Ways and Means of Ireland , previous to the Christmas recess , he therefore now only wished to give notice of his intention upon that subject , and the rather , because the military duties of many of the Irish members rendered it impossible for them at present to attend their duty in Parliament . The notice he now gave , related to the consolidation of the subsisting import duties , and some of the inland duties in Ireland . A schedule of those duties had been laid before Parliament last session , and was agreed to , but certain considerations , particularly a wish to give the fullest possible time to merchants for the investigation of the subject , induced the postponement of further proceedings upon it . A similar schedule would be laid before Parliament after the recess . He hoped the House would excuse him for being thus special in his notice , because he was anxious that it should be well understood in Ireland , particularly by the merchants . The duties referred to , were principally upon foreign articles , either imported directly into Ireland , or through Great-Britain ; but in consequence of the stipulations in the Act of Onion , nor upon any articles , the produce of Great-Britain . The duties now payable on foreign articles were principally those under the 40th Geo . III . cap . 4 , the 41st Geo . III . cap . 33 , which had since been continued ,