bestowed much consideration upon the subject . It appeared that he applied to some people in Kildare to join him ; they ; were prudent enough , however , to make some inquiries as to the means he had provided to ensure success : Emmett replied & that he could not communicate with them at that distance , but if they would send two confidential delegates , he would shew them the means he had provided : they did , accordingly , send two delegates , who arrived in Dublin immediately previous to the insurrection , and were taken by him to the depot in Thomas-street ; but they were so satisfied that the means were insufficient , that they made such a report , that scarcely any of the people from Kildare assisted upon that occasion . Mr. Emett was , therefore , obliged at last to march from his depot at the head of an army of 80 men , and before he reached the market house in Thomas-street , his army was reduced to 20 men , most of whom were general officers . This , therefore , appears to be the whole of the danger the Irish government had to guard against . But , even if Emmett had 8000 men for his 8000 pikes , the garrison of Dublin was able to have driven twice that number out of the town.—I now beg to sty a few words as to the nature and extent of the military preparations in Dublin . The garrison consisted of four regiments of infantry , and one of cavalry , amounting together , including artillery , to 4000 rank and file . This garrison was not placed in one point , but occupied no less than eight different positions , in barracks , the guard that was constantly mounted in Dublin amounted to between 3 and 400 men.—Now , with respect to the precautions that were used , the commander in chief , when he returned from the lord lieutenant , wrote to the officer commanding the artillery and ordnance , to desire him to use ail necessary precautions for their security , and the most effectual precautious were accordingly adopted to secure them from any attack . The national bank was the next object , which was defended by an officer 's guard ; it is besides a very strong building , and situated within 200 yards of two of the most considerable military stations in Dublin , the royal barracks and the barracks at Essex-Bridge.— ? With regard to the castle of Dublin , nobody would 750 feel more concern than I should , if any of his Majesty 's castles were taken possession of by rebels . But even if the rebels had taken it , it would not have facilitated their operations , nor would it have done any other mischief than that of enabling them to destroy a few records ; but the castle was always defended by a strong garrison , and besides it was within 100 yards of the barracks at Essex-Bridge , in which was the 62d regiment , consisting of between 6 and 700 men . Between 7 and 8 o'clock , the artillery officer reported that all these stations were in a state of perfect security . Bat the commander in chief did not stop here , he made other arrangements ; he augmented some of the guards , and others he ordered to be augmented after it was dark . At half-past 6 o'clock he sent orders to augment the bank and the castle guards with 50 men each , but the reinforcements were not to march till after dark . He gave orders for guards also to march to the following places , viz . to the lord lieutenant 's , in the park ; to the royal hospital , at Kilmainham ; and to the guard at Kilmainham , each a serjeant and 12 men ; 20 men to Chapelizod , and an officer 's guard to Clondalkin , where the powder-mills were , I trust , therefore , that it will appear that the commander in