amended , was ordered to be printed , and the whole taken into farther consideration on Tuesday next . reported from the committee appointed to try the merits of the Coventry election , that 687 the sitting member , Peter Moore , Esq . was duly elected , but that the petition was not frivolous nor vexatious—The mutiny bill was reported , and ordered to be read a third time on Monday.—Mr . Alexander obtained leave to bring in a bill for permitting the importation of raw bides into Ireland in neutral bottoms , on the payment of the same duties as in British or Irish bottoms.—John Fane , Esq . brought up the report from the committee on the London election , stating , that the sitting members for that city , aldermen Curtis , Price , Combe and Anderson were duly elected , and that the petition of Sir Watkin Lewes was frivolous and vexatious.—The royal marine mutiny bill went through a committee of the whole House , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday.—Mr . Alexander presented a petition on behalf of certain burgesses of the borough of Liskeard , praying to be heard on the subject of the election now depending before the House.—Ordered to be taken into consideration at the same time as the other petition on this subject . brought up the report of the commit tee upon the Irish revenue acts . On the first resolution having been read , rose to submit to the House some observations upon the resolutions which had been reported to the House . It appeared to him necessary to do so , in order to convey to the House a knowledge of the principle upon which the schedule was formed . He would be as succinct in his statement as was consistent with clearness of explanation , because it would be impossible to enter into a detailed discussion upon the subject , until the schedule was printed , and in the hands of the members of that House.—There were two preliminary observations which he wished to make , viz . that the provisions to carry this schedule into effect belonged to the bill into which this schedule , if approved of by the house , would be afterwards introduced ; and here he wished to observe , that according to the principle always pursued with regard to the duties upon certain articles relating to the manufactures of Ireland , particularly the linen trade and the dyers , though it was intended that all those articles should remain in the same state in which they were , yet the freedom from those duties was not contained in the schedule , but would be introduced in the bill.—The other observation he wished to make was this , that the limitation in point of time , if any such limitation should bethought fit , would be the subject of a clause in the bill . 688 It would be , therefore , unnecessary for him to dwell upon these points at present , because the proper time for discussing them would be in the committee on the bill . This schedule , which was calculated to promote the convenience of the merchants , and to facilitate the better collection of the revenue , divided itself into eight heads . The 1st related to the imports the 2d to die import of American articles , pursuant to the American treaty ; the 3d the export duties upon all native articles of Ireland ; the 4th related to the tonnage duty ; the 5th to the bounties on imports and exports ; the 6th contained the inland excise ; the 7th to the drawbacks of excise and the 8th , to the countervailing duties , pursuant to the Act of Union and the Acts passed since . The schedule related only to the foreign trade of Ireland , and did not touch upon the trade between G. Britain and Ireland , which was regulated by the Act of Union . Pursuant to the principles of the Act of Union , all foreign articles imported into Ireland through G. Britain