nearly 40,000 . At that period , the peace of Lu-neville had established peace on the Continent , and the whole power of France , disembarrased from any other attack , was solely directed against this country ; in addition to which , we were then involved in a contest with the Northern Powers , the issue of which was , to speak the most favourably of it , extremely precarious . We had then , my Lords , foreign possessions to garrison and defend , which required , as you all know , a farther addition to our force ; and yet , with all the demands for it , and the menace of immediate invasion with which we were then threatened , superadded to them , our effective forces in the whole of our empire , internal and external , did not equal that army which we have in actual array at this moment for the defence of the united kingdom . I say , my Lords , our present effective force not only exceeds what we then possessed , but nearly equals the amount of the greatest military establishment that we entertained at any period of our history . I should hope , my Lords , that I have said enough to convince this House , that no measures that prudence and precaution could have suggested , for the protection and defence of this kingdom , have been neglected by the govt . ; and that when we consider , that in audition to our regular forces , we have in G. Britain alone no less than 350,000 volunteers , we have some reason to look with confidence to an honourable termination of the present arduous and eventful contest . I mean , my Lords ; to state distinctly , that the efficient volunteer force of this island amounts to 330,000 , and I make this statement from the best authorities , not from the offers of service , not from the numbers enrolled , but from the returns of the different inspecting field officers . How and what is the best mode of employing this immense force , is a question which admits of many contrarieties of opinion . I know that many persons , whose opinions are entitled to very great attention , are decidedly averse from employing the volunteers , as other than an armed peasantry ; and I must acknowledge that they argue to that effect with great plausibility . I fully concur in the idea , that one of the great advantages that the invaded possess over the invaders , is in the circumstance of having an armed po- 1025 pulation . I know that the advantages to be derived from the incessant attack of this species of force are incalculable in common wars . Where a war becomes protracted , and can only be terminated by a succession of ordinary campaigns ; or one sanguinary one , in which every other day may produce a battle ; there I will acknowledge the exertions , the activity , and the local advantages of an armed peasantry , may produce the most beneficial effects , and ultimately tend to the discomfiture and annihilation of the enemy . But where the enemy did not intend , and never could reasonably expect to make a permanent conquest ; where they only calculated the extent and quantity of mischief they could effect in a given time , and that as short as possible , where they could look for no certain and considerable reinforcements , a position the most detrimental possible to an hostile army , then their object would be to push for the metropolis , or to get , if possible , possession of some of your great naval arsenals , for the purpose of destroying them . To defeat a sudden irruption of that kind , I know no force so competent as that of a regular force , or something nearly approaching to the steadiness and order of its discipline . Of that species of force I conceive the volunteers to be , and I am warranted in my opinion , by