being subject , like any other person , to all other levies.—Having said this on the volunteers , he should now take a short view of the discipline of the volunteers j and upon that subject he owned he was astonished at almost every argument which had been advanced by the hon . officer to the discredit of the system of volunteers.—What the hon . officer , and indeed many others conveyed , was neither more nor less than this , that they are sorry that the volunteers have learnt too much : now , if they had learnt too much , had they not at least learnt as much as these hon . gentlemen wished them to learn ? —As to the armed peasantry , the general said , he had never been able to understand precisely what gentlemen meant by them . The hon . officer had said an armed peasantry would drive like lightning the French into the sea if they came hither.—Now if they were to do this , they must some how or other do it by tangible matter ; so he presumed would the volunteers . The hon . officer however wished these peasants to stand behind the hedges in twenties and tens together , and those were to be men who learnt the use of arms only for a few days , or perhaps only a few hours . Such a posse comitatus as that would never do . The hon . officer shook his head , and yet this was what he had said in his speech , and these were die persons who were to drive the French into the sea , and the volunteers were not to do it . This species of defensive system which the hon . officer would adopt , might make these armed peasantry good soldiers after two or three campaigns , and they had met a good many disasters , for that would be the only species of drilling which they would have ; and this was a species of adversity which that system would most probably bring upon the country if it was adopted ; for until men had been drilled , a musket on their shoulders was hardly of any use to them at all.—With regard to the Book of Regulations for the Exercise , published by order of H. R. H. the Commander in Chief , the hon . officer said it was totally useless as applicable to the volunteer corps . Now , he agreed with the hon . officer , when he said that as to the regular army , or militia , or volunteers , fighting in this country , that the mode in which they would be called upon to act must be different from that which is adopted in other countries j the truth was , that our system of matters in the way of training had more tactic in it 605 than was actually necessary , or ever adopted in action , bat that men were brought to act further than was necessary did not incapacitate them from acting , as far as necessity required . He thought , therefore , that what the volunteers had gained in knowledge , was not only useful to themselves , but would be highly useful to the country at large in the hour of action ; and he could not help saying , that there was much , useful information in the book to which the hon . officer had alluded , and which he thought of so little value to the volunteers in this country , Having said this , and having said that in his opinion the system adopted by the volunteers was preferable to that stated by the hon . officer , he should take a short view of the clothing of the volunteers , which was objected to on account of its being red . He owned he did not see any objection to this , and the hon . officer seemed to quarrel with the cloathing of the volunteers , because it was better than that of the regular army ; nor did he