notion of . As the system at present existed , it was at length clearly understood . —I own , Sir , that I am much surprised at the language used by my hon . friend under the gallery ( Gen. Maitland ) , and still more surprised at the very extraordinary sentiment with which the hon . gent , behind me ( Col. Eyre ) closed his speech . Of the latter I shall first take notice . The hon . gent , seems highly to disapprove of any thing in the shape of opposition to his Majesty 's present ministers , and expresses an opinion that all parties should combine to support them , in order to second their endeavours for the national defence , and , in a word , that all should be unanimity for that object ; but although the hon . gent , does so broadly assert that dissention prevails , and that means are used to embarrass the operations of government , I would call upon the hon . gent , to point out a single instance where any obstruction has been offered to the exertions of government to provide for our security . It is easy for any gent , to use a round assertion , but I challenge the hon . gent , to quote any case to justify the charge that any party has been backward to contribute its assistance to the government , whatever they may think of the ministers by whom the government is administered . AM , in fact , is , and has been , union for the public safety , from the moment that safety has been pronounced in danger . The people have , every where , pressed forward in the cause of their country , and their zeal has received no damp or check from any quarter , but from the ministers themselves and , without looking to the innumerable proofs of ardent and active exertion made by the gentlemen of that party to whom the 613 hon gent , seemed more particularly to allude , I shall only cite one remarkable instance in the North of England . Let the hon . gent , look to a distinguished and hon . friend of mine in that direction ( die Duke of Northumberland ) , who , to be sure , could not hold forth such a brilliant example of patriotism as he has done , if his property v/ere not very extensive , but his efforts are not the less honourable on that account . Thai noble duke has , to his immortal honour , raised a body of not less than 150Q men , whom he has cloathed , equipped , disciplined , and furnished with every necessary , arms alone excepted . These they have had from government . What union , then , does the hon . gent , require ? The most cordial union exists every where in support of the country and the government , and I believe the union is almost equally general against the ministers ; but yet I am astonished to find some gentlemen forward to vaunt of those ministers , and to contend that the Zealand union which so universally prevails are attributable to those ministers . Why , certainly , they have been produced by ministers—but how . By their mismanagement : and if upon this they mean to ground their triumph , they are no doubt entitled to it . They have brought the country to the brink of destruction , and have made us all unite for our own security . Really , therefore , if ministers will claim merit for thus exciting the public spirit , I confess that I can not deny the justice of their pretensions.—With respect to the observations made by my hon . friend , I repeat that I heard them with surprise , not less as to their substance , than as to the tone and manner in which they were delivered . I have often had occasion to defend the freedom of debate , and I declare I never witnessed a more extraordinary