their natural force most serviceable , and made most available to the security of their country ? That is a point involving matters which it may be extremely interesting and highly important to discuss hereafter at a convenient opportunity ; but I will not introduce these topics into discussion , to embarrass the subject of the present day ; I shall leave them to subsequent occasions , of which there will be many when the bills come before us : but while I say I feel some satisfaction from what I heard to-night from the right hon . gent. , I mean that my satisfaction arises chiefly from the amount of our force called into activity for our service , and the zeal and energy which the country has manifested for that purpose . In no part of the country do I apprehend any deficiency in zeal and energy ; and with the magnitude of our force , in a collective sense , I am satisfied.—On none of these points have I any anxiety ; but on the subject of rightly improving such force by discipline , and rendering it more and more efficient for its purpose , have I day after day expressed my anxiety in this House ; and this is the great point on which I wish the public may never have reason to regret that more has not been done early in the case . Upon that matter I only throw out this as a hint , for at present I shall say no more upon it ; neither will I enter minutely into other matters at this moment . I would just observe in passing , that with respect to the militia , I am of opinion , care should be taken that it be not made use of in a way that may impede the progress of the regular army , or any other disciplined force ; and unless I shall see Occasion to change my opinion , I shall have to state more at large my sentiments upon this subject hereafter , and to submit * that under the present circumstances of the country , it will be desirable , as vacancies shall occur , that they shall be filled up in a different mode than has been hitherto adopted : and if they are raised by ballot as formerly , yet that they shall soon be put in a state in which , when trained , they may be at liberty to enlist as much as they choose , as men do from the militia , and also from the army of reserve , into the regular service . I enter as strongly as the right hon . gent , himself can do into the propriety of preventing as much as possible the competition of the services , that of raisin '' men for the militia and the 1083 army of reserve , interfering with the recruiting of the regular army . I enter also into the spirit , and feel the absolute necessity of a measure that may crush the abominable practice of crimping . I wish very much to see some measure adopted , to relieve the country from the great . Weight and pressure of those high and enormous bounties , which now have been too long given for men in the militia and the army of reserve , which has , in addition to this evil , another of considerable magnitude attached to it , that of temptation to desertion ; but I doubt very much whether you will not prevent a great deal of progress in the service , if you do riot only allow persons from all services to enlist as they choose into the regular service , but also supply the vacancy in some manner like that which is now done in the army of reserve , and rendering that ii species of vehicle , by which to convey men who are trained and disciplined into the regular service . I throw this out as a. mere hint for consideration , before the progress of the army of reserve is suspended . The right hon