the Consolidation Act , in the 31st of the present King , when 2½und was again declared to be the hereditary duty , and those additional duties were supposed to expire on the demise of the King . In the 31st of the King also a civil list was granted to his Majesty , on the same principles as in this country ; and this civil list was considered as an equivalent for the hereditary duties belonging to the Crown , and as accepted instead of them . That they might have the hereditary revenue in their own power , they entered into a contract with the Crown . Whatever the amount of the hereditary revenues might be , they thus reserved the power of increasing or diminishing , or otherwise modifying them . After the civil list had been thus established , other additional duties were granted sessionally , some , times for 5 years running . These were at first granted triennially , when Parliament was triennial ; and afterwards annually ; but uniformly the same clause in regard to the 2½d per pound on tobacco , as the hereditary duty , was inserted , for which no consent of the Crown was ever asked or 841 given . For this reason the right hon . gent . conceived , that the precedents of the Parliament of Ireland would by no means justify any objection of that kind that was brought forward . In the 14th and 15th of Charles II . a duty of 6 per cent , had been laid on tea . That duty continued to be Levied ad valorem according to the old book of rates , till Geo . II . when a new bock of rates was made out , and a new duty on tea , higher in proportion to its raised value in the new book of rates . This continued till the 7th of the King , when , instead of a duty ad valorem . it was enacted that a duty of 4d . par pound on the black , and 6d . per pound on the green should be levied . The duty on the whole might amount to 10,000l . but it was enacted that 7,300 l. should be the hereditary portion dne to the Crown . This was done without the Crown having signified any consent to Parliament . Tobacco and tea were thus the only two articles from which the hereditary revenue was supposed to arise ; and in order that the hereditary part of the revenue might not be affected , a permanent rate had been fixed , so that any deficiency might be made up to the Crown , and that the surplus , when any , might be applied to the public service . These annual duties , the right hon . gent . further insisted , had even been continued three different times since the union , without any intimation from the crown . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) who had managed those revenues , which were now entrusted to him , would feel , he flattered himself , the justice of what he had said . His recollection and greater experience would enable him even to corroborate more strongly his statement . But not only were the precedents of the Parliament of Ireland in favour of his mode of procedure , but those of the British Parliament also , in relation to the same subject . A case perfectly the same had occured in the 37th of the King , in regard to the consolidated fund , when it was enacted that a certain fixed sum should belong to the Crow , and that the surplus should go to the public service . The consent of the Crown on this occasion was not asked , nor was such a previous step deemed necessary to enable Parliament to proceed.—Should any gent , however , be disposed to attribute this circumstance to want of attention in the House , and still insist that it was a step previously necessary to obtain his Majesty 's consent ,