To continue the present system , with all the consequences which it was obvious would grow out of , was little else than ruin . One of the consequences which it was plain was intended , was that of bringing the volunteers to meet the enemy in regular battle . It was a mistake exactly similar to this , which lost the country to William the Conqueror , at the battle of Hastings ; a place that ought to be a warning to those who would now-put their trust in so fallacious an idea . The case of La Vendee did not apply here . The Vendéans gave up their country to be ravaged , and their villages to be burned ; not as part of their system , but because they could not help it : when they had done so , they attempted a course , of which he feared , we could not avail ourselves , in case of any disaster under-the present system . He certainly allowed it was the best way to meet the enemy at once , and beat him . But this was like the receipt for running a race , to take the lead and keep it . The Vendéans had never once assembled to fight as a regular army , except on one memorable occasion , when they met to march to Granville , to the number of 40 , 50 , or as some said , 80 thousand men , for the purpose of receiving the supplies of arms which they expected us to have brought them . It was on this occasion that the French armies took advantage to crush them , in such a manner as they never recovered , though they long sustained themselves with a noble energy . It was once considered whether they should again meet their enemies in regular battle ; but it was considered by all their generals , that they would have much disadvantage in a regular conflict with troops so far superior to them in arms and discipline . They had again recourse to that warfare in which the enemy could not reach them , in which they were in the situation described by Macbeth , `` As easy may'st thou the . intrenchant air `` With thy keen sword impress , as make me bleed . '' By that system they still eluded the force of a power which subdued all Europe , and which did not subdue them till it had subdued all Europe , He considered the 989 sort of discipline the volunteers would obtain a disadvantage . It brought to his recollection what pope said of Curl 's cir-cumeision—the ceremony was interrupted , and he was left half circumcised , which , according to the Jewish law , was worse than not being circumcised at all . Whether this was good rabbinical doctrine or Dot , he did not know ; but it was perfectly conformable to the common notions and language of mankind . `` A little learning is a dangerous thing , '' had been observed the other night.— '' aut nunquam tentes avt perfice , '' was a maxim to the same effect . The system , in his opinion , ought to be entirely changed . The French National guards , so often cited as a justification for regarding the volunteers as regular troops , were , employed at times in garrison towns , in escorting convoys , or perhaps murdering prisoners in cold blood ; but they were not placed in the front of the battle , nor were ever employed against the enemy at all . These were the troops , however , to which alone , in their mode of formation and : training , our volunteers bore any resemblance . Whereas the Volunteers of France , whom we , judging by the name , chose to conclude at once to be the troops corresponding to ours , were troops raised upon a quite different fooling , who were instantly marched away from home the moment they were raised , and were never employed as troops against an enemy till