, in consequence of the answer and explanation given by the Secretary at War not proving satisfactory to him , it was his intention within two or three day 's time , to move the appointment of a committee to take into consideration the conduct of collectors of the income tax , as far as respected the demands made upon the officers of militia . rose and moved the order of the day for the second reading of the bill for amending and consolidating the various acts relative to volunteers . On the question being put from the chair , rose and addressed the House as follows.—Sir ; I rise to take upon ; myself a most delicate and distressing duty , by calling the attention of die House to a subject , which I consider to be one of the highest importance and the deepest interest to the country . The House win perceive , that I allude to the much lamented indisposition of our beloved Sovereign . Ever since much the 14th of the present month , this House , in common with the public at large , have been in possession of the melancholy information that his Majesty has been confined by a dangerous and doubtful illness . It is rot my wish to enter , with any ; degree of minuteness , into this most delicate and distressing subject ; but I can not help thinking , after the interval which has taken place , and after the reports of the physicians specially appointed to declare to the public the state of his Majesty 's health for the last two days , that Parliament has a right to expect some explicit communication . I can not but consider such a communication necessary , in order to remove those distressing doubts which his Majesty 's much deplored indisposition has created in every part of the country . Sir , I have a right to assume to myself , that that illness is of the most severe nature ; and in the reports submitted to the public , no satisfactory ground of hope is held out that it will come to a speedy termination . Some direct , explicit communication is loudly called for , and this , as a member of Parliament , I think it my duty to require of ministers . Upon the answer which I shall receive to these few observations on this most interesting subject , I shall be guided , either in grounding upon it a specific motion , or in moving that this House do now adjourn . —Sir ; in answer to the question which the honourable baronet has thought it his duty to , put to his Majesty 's ministers , I feel it incumbent upon me to say , that I have the happiness of being enabled to state to this House , that , in the opinion of his Majesty 's confidential servants , founded upon the best information that can be obtained , such a communication as that required by the hon . baronet , could not it possibly answer any good purpose ; and farther , that any pro- 508 ceeding founded on such communication on the part of his Majesty 's ministers , would , in their opinion , be inconsistent with the duty which they owe to the King , to Parliament , and to the country ; highly indecent in itself under the present circumstances of his Majesty 's indisposition , and , therefore , utterly unwarrantable . —Sir , I move , that this House do now adjourn . —I feel , Sir , that the subject introduced to the attention of the House is one of the highest interest and the most sacred importance . It is very far from my wish , in the course of my observations , to fail in that delicacy which it so strongly suggests . But , Sir , I should feel that I was deficient in duty to this House , deficient in duly to his Majesty , deficient in duty to the principles of the constitution , if I could bring myself