few observations on the gloomy presages , the melancholy descriptions with which the noble lord who just sat down , has thought proper to conclude his speech . The noble lord has stated , that , in his opinion , the present war is likely to have a lone continuance , and every body knows how much of the wishes and designs of men enter into the composition of their opinions ; however , he has argued , as if the expenditure of the country mast be increased , just in proportion to the degree of prosperity which it may at any time enjoy , and , that our prosperity renders it necessary for us to become a military nation ; in a word , that the present military arrangements are to be permanent , and that they are to `` grow with our growth and strengthen without strength , '' with all the expense and incumbrances that accompany them . Of this , according to the noble lord , our prosperity is the cause ; if so then , our prosperity is productive of a great misfortune ; but , I shall not dwell longer on this singular opinion , farther than to say , that it holds out a very afflicting prospect to the country . A right hon . gent . under the gallery ( Mr. Piti ) has stated , that we should not mix any other consideration with the business of this night , and that we are not to advert to the past , but 10 take care for the future , and vote the supply , without adverting to the use that has been made of former grants for a similar purpose . But I am not of the same opinion with that right hon . gent . that a retrospect of the past does not form as properly the subject for examination on this day , as any speculation upon or provision for the futures indeed , I do not see how the latter is to be justly considered , if we put out of oar view all recollection of the former . If we determine to forget the past we literally determine not to profit ; by experience ; but , as I said before , shall nut take the right hon . gentleman 's advice . The noble lord has reviewed the conduct of his colleague , since the last session , but I shall go farther back . I shall refer to the proceedings of ministers at the time the measures which have been commented upon this evening were proposed , and discussed . The right hon . gentlemen say this night , in reply to the arguments of the right hon . gent , on the same bench with me ( Mr , Windham ) , with which arguments most perfectly concur , that their system was at the period I allude to approved of by Parliament . But even so , is that a fit objection to the disapprobation now expressed of that 211 system . Since that system originated , the House has had the advantage of experience to judge of its nature and effects , and is that experience in its favour ? How shall we form any fair opinion of it but from that experience ; and yet the right hon . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) would , if his opposition to any retrospect were attended to , entirely preclude us from consulting that criterion . In ail points of legislation , it is our obvious duty to consider the mode in which the laws are to be executed ; but , in the point which relates to the system now under discussion , this manner of execution is the principal tiling . We have heard that the machinery of this system was bad , and certainly , in my opinion , nothing could be worse , except the views which induced the proposition of it . And shall it then be said , that although the machinery has been found , from universal experience , to be so