Without exciting alarm he might at evening parade have told the officers and men not to stay from quarters that night . If he did not , surely it was not the fault of the Lord Lieutenant . So , if ammunition was wanted , that was not the fault of the Lord Lieutenant . It was with the commandant of the place as it would be here in London or any other town . As well might Gen. Fox be said to be an accomplice in the death of Col. Brown , for not warning that officer , though only 500 yards from his own house , of the rising , as the civil government of Ireland be called accomplices in the murder of Lord Kilwarden , because they had not taken precautions they did not deem necessary . It is known , I was very glad on the appointment of the late commander in chief , and always thought highly of him . After the events of the 23d of July , I believe the government 230 of Ireland did not make any official application for the removal of the commander in chief ; but a coolness took place between the Lord Lieutenant and him , which shewed that a longer continuation together would not be proper . In fact , after absenting himself some days from the castle , the commander in chief gave in his resignation . I will not however disguise , that the Lord Lieut , did think , under all circumstances , that either himself or the commander in chief should withdraw . —In no sense can my observations be considered as an unprovoked attack , as the consideration of the character of general officers arises naturally out of the subject now before the House , and I always thought it right to go into those points . I have some reasons to think , that the government of Ireland was well attached to the commander in chief , and that between him and the Lord Lieut , a perfect good-will subsisted , previous to the events of the 23d . After that period a coolness arose between them ; the abuses which took place , might have arisen from certain rumours , traceable to the castle . As to one , I can say , he conceived the other had spoken of him in a way which he did not deserve , and that he had not been informed , as it was intimated , of the intended rising on the 23d . If he had been so informed , was it not natural the lord mayor would have been told ? It is impossible it could be otherwise . I repeat again , that the government of Ireland must have been surprised , or they were accomplices in the death of Lord Kilwarden . In the same situation , I equally should have said the same of the commander in chief . The question is , whether that officer had communicated to him any sufficient ground of alarm , to authorize him to take measures of precaution , and , in particular , to apprize Col. Brown of the risk . What , if it can proved that the Lord Lieut , gave him orders not to alarm any one ! And , as to the steps taken by him , what , if his lordship sent to express his surprise , and said , I suppose , by what you are doing , you must act on some information unknown to me ! The letter sent to the commander in chief was not received ; so the Lord Lieut , had more ground than he to conceive the extent of the danger . On the existence of a coolness , which compelled the government here to choose between the Lord Lieut , and commander in chief , they did , as was natural , determine for the former ; but what I complain of is , that they never instituted any inquiry into the cause of that coolness . It was , however , obvious to common observation , that