vote as he had done , for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , and the introduction of Martial Law , on the ground of the danger arising from that `` petty tumult , '' which appeared so insignificant in his eyes.—Mr . Grey then entered into a recapitulation of the conduct of the govt . of Ireland relative to the transactions of the 23d of July , and contended that a stronger and more sufficient ground of inquiry into public measures was never made out . He should therefore give his hearty assent to the motion . said , in explanation , that the insurrection was of little consequence , independent of the murder of Lord Kilwarden , which was accidental . perfectly concurred with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had changed the opinions he had entertained for the last ten years . He contended , that with respect to the disposition of some portion of the people to insurrection , the government of Ireland was by no means unapprised on the contrary , that they were fully aware that the torch of rebellion kindled in 1798 , was by no means totally extinguished , though with respect to the general disposition of ( he country , they were confident of a disposition to tranquillity and loyalty ; and that , although the govt . of Ireland , subsequent to the peace , did not call for the renewal of those acts as indispensably necessary under the general disposition of the country , yet they suggested that the revival would be expedient in a partial degree , as placing in the hands of govt . a power to repress any occasion & symptoms of an insurrectionary tendency ; and he incipit that the murder of Kindled and of Col Brown , were the only prominent characteristics of the outrage which burst forth , that could be viewed as of state importance , however lamentable the loss of many other valuable lives on that melancholy occasion . But , that any blame was as tempted to be imputed to the gallant officer in question , he utterly denied . He would ask the members of the House of Commons , whether they could put their hands upon their hearts , and think they were doing their duty in agreeing to this motion . remarked , that the soldiers in Ireland were so dispersed in the barracks , that in men constituted the main body of one regiment the 64th . He could have 804 collected many more facts while in Ireland , but thought those produced sufficient for the purpose he had mentioned . referred Mr. Tierney to his own political life for instances of inconsistency . As to torture , or at least what he formerly called torture , the hon . and right hon . gentlemen now sitting near him were the most forward in justifying its establishment and practice . If the facts already before the House , and of public notoriety namely , the murder of the lord chief justice , the murder of 16 citizens of Dublin , and other enormities , were not adequate grounds of further inquiry , such grounds could never be obtained . rose amidst a strong call for the question , and replied to that part of Mr. Tierney 's speech which referred to what he called party management in bringing forward this question . He was for an examination into the Conduct of government with respect to Ireland , and would support the motion for inquiry , which , in other instance , he observed , the Chancellor of the Exchequer had always affected to court . felt it necessary , even late as the hour was , to offer a few observations upon this subject ; because , as he certainly meant to give a vote upon this question , he wished to assign his reasons for that vote . If the question of this night was meant to imply any censure upon the conduct of Lord Hardwicke , it certainly should