itself puts him on his defence ; that he is bound to justify on the case ; and that ; until he has so justified his conduct , the presumptions are against him . All the authorities of this , country have muted with one voice to condemn arid forbid the carrying on war in India for any purpose but defence , or on any ground but necessity . I need not tell the House that the practice in India has been almost uniformly , or with very short exceptions , directly opposed to the prohibition . While the Directors of the India Company had any power , they certainly laid down very wise principles , and gave very proper orders on this subject . When their power over their own governors was found to be insufficient , the legislature interposed , but , as it appears by the facts , with no more success than the Directors . Since the prohibitory act passed in 1783 , I appeal to the House whether we have heard of any thing from India but war and conquest ; many victories , and great acquisitions , with only now and then a short interval of repose , to take breath and begin again . There is another ground of presumption against the necessity and justice of these wars , which seems to me as strong and conclusive , as any presumption can be before the contrary is proved ; I mean , Sir , that almost all these wars are supposed to originate in acts of provocation and aggression committed by the weak 867 against the strong . The strength of any single Indian state at any time , and now I believe of all of them put together , is not to be compared to the military power and resources of the English . I do not say that these nations have no means of defence , or that the Mahrattas for example , can do us no mischief ; but that , considering the great disparity of force , it requires very clear evidence to make it credible , that whereas the disposition of the British power in India , is always , if possible , to preserve the peace , and to be satisfied with what we possess , this excellent disposition is never suffered to prevail because the Indian Princes are so restless and unruly , that we can not , in common justice to ourselves , retrain from invading them . The fable says , the fierce , rebellious lamb , would never suffer the mild , gentle , moderate wolf to be quiet : it it was not you it was your father . These propositions may be true. , but they require some proof ; and , when the proof is produced , I shall desire it always to be observed and remembered that the evidence , that comes before us , is ex parte . We hear little or nothing of what the opposite , and possibly the injured party , have to say for themselves . Ever since I have known any thing of Indian affairs , I have found that the prevailing disease of our governments there has been a rage for making war . The strong though ineffectual remedies which have from time to time been applied to this disorder , are a sufficient proof of its existence . That individuals may find their account in the conduct of such wars , I do not mean to dispute . But I deny that they are or can be for the benefit of the India Company or the nation , particularly in the present circumstances of the Company 's affairs . In these circumstances , and in actual possession of half the peninsula , you engage in a new war with the Mahrattas , the success of which can give you nothing but an addition of territory , which you can not keep without an intolerable increase of your military establishments , and a perpetual drain of all your resources , of men as well as money , and which you ought not