pay . It was well known that the discipline of the men depended on their haying good non-commissioned officers . He was sure too much could not he said of the honourable principles and feelings of the volunteers in general . But though an ignominious discharge from the ranks would have the fullest effect in many instances , it would not in all . He thought it better that intoxication , disorderly and unsolder-like conduct should be punished by a small fine , peremptorily and immediately enforced . He was-sure that the effect of this , and some similar regulations , would produce a degree of good conduct and emulation , which would 237 extend with the most beneficial effect to the army and militia , as well as volunteers Looking to the military face which the country wore at present , every thing should be done to realize the appearance , and if ministers deferred for a time bringing forward such regulations is as were necessary to this effect , he hoped it was only to bring them forward in a more systematic and digested form , at no distant period . He wished ho House also to bear in mind , that in the country , where several corps were called together from their home and from their daily labour , by which most of them subsisted , obliged to give up their usual emoluments and to live at public houses at an unusual expense , it would be impossible to find men . and unreasonable to expect there without allowing them pay . The additional expense would noble more than ten shillings a man n the year , perhaps not more than five.—The general officer of the district in his attendance at he reviews , and the inspecting field officer on Sundays could guard against any abuses . He considered , that with some advantages of this kind the volunteers would soon be as good a force as any we possessed for defence ; that we trust to them wit security , and spare our regular forces for foreign expeditions . The spirit of the volunteers was a proof that this reliance could he placed on them , and they were animated With this spirit , because they felt that the contest in which we were engaged was unavoidable . Addington was pleased with the bill that was proposed , but at the same time he concurred in the propriety of what had been said by the hon . gent , who had just sat down . He was sure that the plan proposed last night would not do ; if it would be compulsory , it would excite discontent and if it were to be optional , it would be nugatory , as very few would be inclined to avail themselves of it . He believed at present there were only four or five corps in the kingdom that had field officers of such a de cription . He was sure an adjutant would be a more effective person ; and it should be recollected that five years service in the army was necessary to qualify those adjutants—But whether those adjutants could be expected to attend drills 84 days without a larger allowance It was impossible for day labourers , of which description of men the greater number of country corps consisted ; that with he had the honour to command consisted of them exclusively , to attend without pay . He had taken upon himself the risk of having his corps imperfect from the want of an officer of that description recommended by the hon . gent . Ser- 238 jeant-majors , who , he thought with the hon . gent , were absolutely necessary , were never allowed only to corps 1000 strong . He asked whether it was possible for an adjutant , who had only six shillings a day , and no horse allowed him , to attend a number of separate parishes , as he was now obliged to do , in the parts of the country which were thinly inhabited . The right hon . secretary , from being long