, where occasion might require a large portion of the national force : not only that the volunteers and militia should march to their own coasts , but also to the sister island , reciprocally and respectively , if they be want ed . Meritorious as were their services , and momentous , even under the present tenure , yet he thought they would be still more valuable , if they were more extensive as to place ; and he wished a clause to that effect had been introduced into that part of the defensive system , which recommended the formation of volunteer corps . With such a numerous and effectual force , some persons asked , why were our operations almost entirely defensive ? Why did we make no attempt at offensive efforts ? Our first and grand object was defence ; the defence of our King , country , constitution , laws , religion , property , families , liberty , and lives , from the most cruel enemy that had ever annoyed the human race ; and who was inflamed with peculiar hatred against this country , which alone had effectually resisted and repressed his lawless ambition . Unless we had made defence our principal and almost sole object , we could not have provided for our security and independence . Even now , though we had in a great measure ascertained our security by our strength , the vigilant hatred of our enemy would admit of no relaxation of our defensive exertions . He trusted , however , that in a short time we should be so secure , in point of defence , as to admit of offensive warfare . He could not withhold his just tribute of praise from that respectable board , to whose department more particularly belongs the arming of he troops and volunteer force of the country , for their almost miraculous exertions , within the short period of a few months , which had enabled them to issue , if he was rightly informed , above 300,000 stand of arms . Such exertions , though they merited peculiar com- 9 mendation , were only , be was well assured , a specimen of the vigour and alacrity which universally pervaded every department connected with the public force.—The next point of the speech to which he would advert , was that in which his Majesty slated , that while every exertion was directed , in the first instance , to provide for our internal safety at home , yet his arms abroad had been directed to the attainment of new and important acquisitions of territory in the West-Indies . To the wisdom of such conduct , every praise was due . Until our security at home should be placed out of all possible risk , it would be quixotism to direct our arms to projects of foreign conquest ; but that security once effected , it became the wisdom and vigour of his Majesty 's councils , to seek every mean of annoying the enemy abroad ; and the new acquisitions in the West-Indies his lordship hailed as an omen of new triumphs to our arms , to which , the state of forwardness in number and equipment of our public force , unparalleled at so early a period of the war , must enable us speedily to make many valuable additions.—His lordship next adverted to that part of his Majesty 's speech which alludes to the concerns of Ireland . He had , on a former occasion , feelingly to lament , the misfortunes which had then arisen in that part of the United Kingdoms : with respect to these , on the present view of that subject , much matter for satisfactory consideration was afforded ; the principal leaders in that wicked and flagitious insurrection had since met that fate they so justly deserved . The numbers of those who were embarked in that wretched cause , were certainly contemptible ; yet their attempts were matter for precautionary consideration . He had , since the period alluded to , resided in Ireland , and had taken some pains to