a very extraordinary prerogative , 1027 namely , that his Majesty , independent of any consultation with his parliament , possessed an inherent right to array all classes of his subjects in moments of critical danger . His Lordship denied that his Majesty possessed any such prerogative , to the extent that had been stated ; and went into an elaborate examination of the ancient military tenures , for the purpose of proving that no deductions to warrant such a right could be drawn from them . His Lordship severely condemned the principles of the General Defence Act ; by which , he said , every man in the kingdom of a certain age , with the exception of Judges , Clergymen , and Quakers , were liable to be called out , to be placed in the ranks , and to be brought to the halberts , in case of military transgressions . Even the Prince of Wales , were he not commander of a regiment , would not be exempt from the operation of that act . For himself , he was past the age at which he was liable to be called on , but were he not , he would rather put a pistol to his head than submit to the provisions of a law so monstrous and unconstitutional . The present bill , although less offensive , was full as absurd , and he for one must vote against its being referred to a committee . —My Lords ; in this age , when we are daily accustomed to so many adventurous propositions , I really did not expect that any noble Lord would have ventured to question a radical , substantial , unquestionable , and hitherto never-questioned prerogative of the Crown , that of calling forth , upon emergency , the services of all the subjects of this realm . My Lords , from the earliest period of our history , we have been by statute a military people ; and this right , inherent in the crown , from the Norman conquest to this day , and which I contend to be indefeasible , can not be abandoned without the commission of an act of political suicide , both by his Majesty and by his people . My Lords , I have in my pockets one of the most solemn documents to support the opinion I have given , a document carrying the authority of King , Lords , and Commons , and concurred in by what , perhaps , the noble Earl who spoke last , may think of very little consequence , the opinion of the judges who administered justice at that period . My Lords , the document . I allude to } is , I will admit , not to he found in any of our statute books , 1028 but its authority is not in the least weakened by that . I hold in my hand a copy of the commission of Array , passed in the 5th year of Henry the IVth . and to be found in page 527 , of the third roll of parliament . That identical statute referred to by Sir Ed . Coke , in his 4th institute , which was written in the reign of lames the 1st , was acknowledged by him to be the law of the land at that day , and it has continued so to be to this very instant , for it has never been repealed either positively or by any inference or implication whatever . That statute , my Lords , solemnly recognizes that it is a prerogative inherent in his Majesty , to require , in critical cases , such as invasion , or even the apprehension of invasion , the services of all subjects capable of bearing arms , or , in the words of the commission , of all those , `` potentes et habiles in corpore . '' And , my Lords , this is not a solitary assertion of that right , but it is to be found at various periods of our history , and particularly in the