hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , had distinctly stated battalions , not corps , on a former occasion.—The half-pay could not supply any officers , the whole on that establishment having been appointed to the reserve . It would , therefore , be necessary to resort to the regulars . The whole amount of the regiments in the united kingdom was 70 ; there were 25 or 26 regiments of cavalry ; but taking the whole at 700 , to supply 860 each battalion should 280 afford eight officers . Though the right hon . gent , had distinctly mentioned captains , not field officers , it would be admitted , that they should be men not only of military acquirements , but of temper , and address to manage with effect so vast a force . He had considerable doubt in his mind , concerning a measure that would go to take its very essence from the army . Besides the individuals themselves would quit reluctantly , nor , though employed in the same glorious cause , would they be satisfied with the same species of renown which they might acquire in acting with the volunteers , and therefore he did not think it right to take from the army , persons unwilling to commute their services . He had some doubt as to the application of the principle , because , from what had come to his knowledge within the last four days , he had reason to think , that the corps would not be satisfied that regular officers should being rafted on their original body ; their original institution was to serve under officers with whom they were connected by every tie of intimacy and acquaintance , and , therefore , the proposition , with respect to them , involved an auk ward alternative . He knew , if it was put to them , they possibly might not object to it , though , at the same time , it might create a degree of discontent , which could never have been in the contemplation of the right hon . gent , who had brought forward the question . On these grounds be entertained doubts as to the principle , though he was prepared to admit that every effort ought to be made to give greater efficiency to the volunteer corps and to give some more confidence in going into action . He could not help thinking the House indebted to the right hon . gent , for his suggestion , as well as for that respecting adjutants , which had been adopted , and produced much good effect . Another suggestion of the right hon . gent . also for brigading small corps , under generals from the regular forces , was likely to be attended with much benefit . These generals , and their respective staffs , would be a drain from the line equal to what it could bear . The Chancellor of the Exchequer then adverted to the admission of regular officers into the militia , which was chiefly composed of substitutes . The same regulation did not apply to the volunteers , because the chief object was to preserve the genuine relations between the officers and privates , and , therefore , the introduction of regular officers amongst them was much more liable to objection than in the militia , where the prevalence of substitutes 281 weakened that connection.—As he was up he should take the opportunity of adverting to the deficiency in the military , which , he was happy to say , was , in an unprecedented degree , smalls and the most effectual measures were to be taken to fill it up , so that when Parliament should next meet , gentlemen would have no reason to regret any deficiency In the artillery , which consisted of , there were not more than 460 deficient , and measures would be taken up the deficiency in the regular with all possible dispatch . did not mean to trouble the House at any length , after what he had said on a Conner occasion ; but