hon . gent , in the real spirit and patriotism of ( he country far surpasses any which I entertain , though no hon . member can possibly estimate the spirit of the country more highly than myself.—The hon . gent , who has just sat down stated , that my right hon . friend admitted that the regular army could not be augmented . My right hon . friend , on the contrary , stated only , that the most effectual mode of providing for the security and defence of the country was by the system under which the great mast of the population of the country has been moulded to military objects . It was wisely observed by an hon . gent , during the last session , that the security of a country depends chiefly on the diversified nature of the force employed in its defence . As to the actual state of the military arrangements of the country , let me ask , whether there ever has been in the short space of eight months so large a force of regulars and militia , and in such a state of discipline , as at present ? It has been urged , that the means of providing for the effectual security of the empire has been neglected ; bat the fact is , that a larger regular force is now in Great-Britain and Ireland , than has ever been before provided in so short a period . With every deference to the merits of such a force , I think it unfair to make their superiority the cause of depredating the services of another meritorious description of persons , whose exertions , I however , have been deprecated in that House , but whose zeal and patriotism forms the proudest monument of virtuous public spirit , that ever distinguished any period of the history of this , or of any other country . If there exists defects in the system under whit h the are regulated ; if inconveniences are experienced in its operation , let it be our business to remove that former and obviate the latter . Let us see how the good sense of the people will work out its perfection . Do not let us stop the great instrument of our 466 security . Let us cherish it as a proof of the affection of the people for their King and their constitution . Let us watch its progress , and marking those instances of error or insufficiency which may occur , let us endeavour to apply the remedies as occasions may arise . All I ask of gentlemen is , that they will not endeavour to put the country out of conceit with a system , on which its security essentially depends , but that they will assist with temper and moderation , in discussions which are to give a more perfect form to a measure , whose object it is to promote the effectual exertions of a loyal people in defence of their Sovereign and Constitution . I earnestly entreat gentlemen not to consider the system as fugitive or temporary , but as a great instrument of permanent security , every step of the progress of which , should be watched and gradually corrected , in order to form a more perfect system ; for it must be considered as a measure of the greatest importance to the present interests of the empire , and one on which its future security and salvation is principally to depend . expressed his disapprobation in general of the whole of the system by which the volunteer force of the country was constituted and governed . His Majesty was , by law , invested with the high privilege of commanding the exertions , and exacting the services of every one of his subjects ; and this , his undoubted prerogative , seemed to be questioned , or at least rendered abortive by the general defence act ; for in its consequences it tended to paralize the operation of that particular prerogative . He censured the principle of exemption , and the practice of extending those