to that pointed out in the act , being contained in the petition , but how did he get quit of this ? By saying , let it go to the Committee , and be there decided . The legislature , however , had drawn a clear line of distinction between the duties or that House and of the Committee . To the House it had said , `` You shall not proceed on any petition in which the petitioners do not claim a right to vote at the election against 415 which they petition . '' To the Committee it had said , `` You shall decide on what shall be sent to you by the House , '' The learned gen. ( Attorney General ) had characterised the omission as one which might be corrected by a `` dash of the pen . '' This , however was no answer . There were no omissions or flaws , which a greater or smaller `` dash of the pen '' might not on the same principle supply and retify . The act clearly pointed out to the House what must he stated to them , before they could proceed in such petitions . Had the petitioners in the present case used words ; to express such a meaning ? No . They had not even stated that they were-aggrieved . `` Oh '' but says an hon . gent . `` if they had not been aggrieved upon what principle can we presume that they would have petitioned ? '' The act , however , declared , that let their grievances be ever so great , if not described in a particular way , they were not entitled to be heard on them in that House . The decision of the Carmarthen Committee had been referred to , but as he was not acquainted with the grounds of it , he should not express an opinion upon it . he would , however , ask , would that Committee have presumed to find the petition frivolous and vexatious ? Had they done so , what would have been the answer of the petitioners ? We never pretended to have any right to vote at this election We felt ourselves aggrieved indeed as Englishmen , as electors of Middlesex , as electors even of Carmarthen , though not at the time of the . election , but we have never in our petition stated any claim to a title to vote at the election petitioned against . '' This clearly would be a satisfactory answer . The House was unwarranted in entertaining the petition even for a moment . It had been objected that he had not made his motion in suficient time . He wished he had attended to the objection at the time , and he would most unquestionably have made it . The charge , however , equally applied to every other member of the House . The argument of the hon . gent , was , `` You have missed your time , and can not now take the matter into consideration . '' Such language might do extremely well among parties . If it were the business of the sitting member to make the objection , this might have been an exceedingly good answer . When made to Parliament , however , it was completely inapplicable . They were called on to consider whether they discharged their duty , if they set aside an act of Parliament merely for the convenience of persons who had neglected lo comply with its enactments . What 416 else were they doing in the present instance ? He would defy the best judge of the interpretation of the English language , to point out words more clearly , more imperative and commanding , than those on which his motion was founded . An hon . gent , had charged him with not having even said that he did not believe that the petitioners were not freeholders of Middlesex . He really thought the hon . gent , not serious , when he made this remark . What had the