let the house see the facts as they really are . It is evident from the pamphlet which I have already quoted , and which I shall beg permission to quote again , that the insurrection of the 23d of July was the consequence of a preconcerted conspiracy ; it was a plan instigated by treason , by persons united together by one common bond of crimes , and insurrection was the consequence of their united efforts . But , whatever might be the degree of danger on the 23d of July , it is rather a curious defence to say , 760 that precaution has been taken since that day . I shall not delay the House by giving the clerk the trouble of reading the motion , but I believe it referred only to transactions previous to and on the 23d of July.—But another curious defence set up by ray noble friend is , that it was a very dark night on the 23d of July—a very dark night indeed & Now , if the question had not been , whether government were prepared , but whether their preparations were well executed that night , the darkness of the night or the difficulties of wind and weather , would be an excuse as far as it would go ; but although the darkness of the night prevented ministers from seeing , it could not have prevented them from foreseeing . I do not see why the darkness of the night could li3ve made ministers blind at least a week previous to that time ; and I can not help observing further , that though the darkness was so great that it was impossible to know what passed that night , yet my noble friend has stated that the number of rebels in the street that night was 80 . But how did you count them ? How that fact could be ascertained when it was too dark to see any thing , is beyond my comprehension & The effect of this darkness was most singular . It made men blind before it happened , and enabled them to see during its continuance . But , in point of fact , I would ask , whether the insurrection was so contemptible as has been slated , and made only by a contemptible mob in Dublin ? T apprehend not : for upon the authority of a character high in office , and in the confidence of the Irish government ( lord Redesdale ) , it has been stated , that persons had assembled from all parts of Ireland on the occasion , and it has been made the ground of a charge against three-fourths of the population of Ireland , that they had chosen and furnished their quota of these rebels ; —that is , that three-fourths of the people of Ireland , furnished their quota of 80 men , since that was the whole number , according to the statement of my noble friend . All the Catholics are by this same high authority , implicated in the rebellion , and have their share of the guilt imputed to them . I allude to the documents , which I have read with shame and indignation , and when I heard my noble friend talk of the temper and moderation of the Irish government , I did expect & that it would have been shewn that their I conduct had been such as to remove every distinction , to prevent the recurrence of those differences that have so long disturbed the peace and tranquillity of that country . If that has been the policy , as I am sure it was the duty of government , ill , indeed , has that end been endeavoured to be accomplished & Good 761 God & Sir , that in the 19tb century , there should be found a man of great talents , fitted for great good in a state ; of great learning too , but that which he has lately displayed , I could almost have wished that no body had it now , for I had hoped it