for the manner in which he had brought it under consideration . Ho allowed , that the amount of the issues of paper money by the Bank , of Ireland was not itself a lair criterion , of judging of the propriety of this increased circulation . It was , however , a circumstance which could not fail to excite surprise , and certainly loudly demanded inquiry , that the issues of paper by the Bank of Ireland had been five times greater since the restriction bill had been passed than they previously were , whereas the issues by the Bank of England had , in proportion to the capital , increased only in the proportion of one-filth beyond what they were when the act was passed . It might be true , that the directors of the Bank of Ireland might not hold themselves subject to responsibility for this extraordinary increase of their paper ; but , surely , that House was responsible , after committing to these directors a power as extensive as ever was committed to a public body , the power of manufacturing paper for national circulation . This was indeed a great delagation of authority , for all economists agreed that money was power . When such powers were delegated , it was , undoubtedly , the duty of Parliament , to see in what manner they were exerted , to ascertain what were the evils connected with the system on which they acted , and to adopt such remedies as appeared most adapted to their situation . He did not mean to say that this was a subject to be entered on rashly , or that the investigation of it did not require the utmost temperance and moderation . Still , however , he had no difficulty in declaring , that the discussion of it was highly expedient , and that this discussion might be attended with the most beneficial effects . It was a subject 480 which ought strongly and deeply to impress the minds of the members of that House . The depreciation of paper in Ireland was constantly increasing , and must , as long as it existed , be productive of the most alarming consequences . The balance of trade must continue unfavourable to Ireland as long as the depreciation continued , and the merchant must continue to resort to the foreign maket instead of home manufacture . The present , depreciation could not be described as arising from any thing in the commerce of the country for the last year ; because , during that year , the exports of Ireland had considerably exceeded the imports ; but even if it were the case , it was an evil inseparable from the continuance of the restriction . As long as the merchants could obtain accommodation from the Bank by the issues of paper , and as long as the Bank found it advantageous to give this accommodation , no favourable change in the state of the exchange could be expected . The whole trade and property of Ireland was threatened with danger , if a change of system did not take place . This danger was already visible in a variety of circumstances . Since the time of the restriction , the Bank had encreased its dividends full one and a half per cent . At this time their dividends amounted to one and a half per cent . ; and he was assured that this year they had determined to give an additional bonus of five per cent . Under these circumstances , the Bank had not only no motive to wish for the removal of the Restriction Act , but found it their interest to extend the circulation of their paper currency . He had to repeat , that , at this time , he thought it would be dangerous for Parliament to interfere without mature consideration ; but the was most clearly of opinion that some strong measure ought without delay to be adopted . The , measure which struck him as being best calculated to prevent the growth of this evil , was a plan