, and to render it formidable , were it to take place . A proof of this he would give to the House , ( since he perceived in some parts expressions of incredulity , ) by producing the constitution of one of the principal corps in this city , which had been recently furnished to him , and which he had in his pocket . It would appear by this , that the corps was governed , not by officers approved and appointed by his Majesty , but by committees and sub-committees , so constructed , as that it might happen continually that questions the most important to the proceedings and well being of the corps , might be decided by a quorum , in which there should be six privates to one officer . Any thing more completely democratical , or better supplied with all the apparatus usually provided for such purposes , could not have been furnished by 283 any of the dealers in constitutions to be found in the Corresponding Society . It was impossible , therefore , to look at these institutions , however lull of zeal and loyalty at present , and to reflect on what they might become hereafter , without a const durable degree of jealousy and uneasiness . One effect of their power was already apparent in the complete conquest which they I had obtained over his Majesty 's ministers . It was plain , that the hon . gentleman ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) did not dare to stir a step respecting , them , without first asking their leave . It was whimsical to soc the embarrassment in which he was placed , between his fear of rejecting a proposition coming from the right hon . gent , behind him , ( Mr. Pitt ) and the greater dread of offending the volunteers . Both were objects of terror , and the combination of the two tears seemed likely to produce a kind of oblique course in the right hon . gent. , that would satisfy neither one side nor the other . This was not the natural situation for a government to be placed in . A military measure , before it was adopted , might , with great propriety , be referred to those , who were likely to have a good judgment in military affairs ; but the question referred would be , `` what is good upon the whole for the interests of the state or of the army ? '' not , as in the present case , `` what do the soldiers or officers like ? '' Such , however , was the ascendency which the volunteer body already had over the government ! He wished they might be able to prevail as easily over the legions of Buonapartá . If they would , he should be inclined , for one , to overlook all other dangers that might be apprehended from them . He would shut his eyes to consequences , and jump the life to come , ' if he could be satisfied that the system , as at present established , was calculated to answer its grand purpose , that of the defence of the country against a foreign enemy.—It seemed to be admitted , that it was not so at present ; though it was hoped it might become so under the alterations proposed by his right hon . friend . He was fain to confess , that he despaired of the efficacy of these alterations . It was not that he did not see the advantage of having an intelligent regular officer attached to a volunteer corps ; or the improvement which the corps would receive by the effect of greater training . But how were these advantages to be obtained ? And what , after all , would they produce ? Among the difficulties of obtaining part of these advantages , viz . the assistance of regular officers , must be stated , not only the 284 consent of the corps , which did not appear , by what had been said that night ,