military habits acquired by die men had 540 induced them to inlist in the regulars , in a far greater proportion than the same number of men otherwise would have done , during both the last and present war . From the St. George 's corps , from 11th March , 1795 , to 1801 , out of 600 , or at most 780 men , 94 had entered the navy , and 337 into other regiments . During the present war , from the same corps , 40 had already inlisted . So , of the Norwich corps , consisting of 300 , 25 had , during this war , already entered the army He mentioned this to shew that the volunteer system did not retard the recruiting the army of reserve.—With respect to the election of officers on which some strange opinions had been formed , the right hon . gent . seemed to think there were two points presented themselves ; 1st , as to the matter of right in the first formation of the corps to elect their own officers ; and , 2dly , in case of vacancy , the right to supply that vacancy by ballot . The right hon . gent . must have completely mistaken him , if he supposed that , on a former occasion , he had even admitted either the one claim or the other . It had never been recognised by any act of the legislature , nor was it in fact the intention of government to give that right . No such faith had been pledged , in this instance ; but where it occurred it ought to he considered on the part of government as sacred . It was a totally different thing from the first formation of the corps , and their subsequent efficacy as a military body . In the first instance , it might be requisite to allow them to present officers for the approval of the colonel commandant , by him to be transmitted to the lord lieut . of the county , from thence to the Sec . of State , and from him to the throne , for the approval of his Majesty . The impolicy of canvassing for the election of officers would be obvious . Suppose the corps were called out into actual service , and a vacancy of 3 or 4 officers in each corps was to arise , the time that would be taken up in canvassing and balloting to supply the vacancies would be of the greatest detriment to the service . In fact , the point of practice in this particular had been completely settled , there was , consequently , in his opinion , no necessity for going into the discussion . The right hon . gent . then adverted to the observations made by Mr. Grenville , with respect to the arms for the use of the volunteers , and contended that if any gentleman thought blame imputable to government for not making a better provision in that respect , the same degree of blame would attach upon the government during the last seven years of the late war . In order to shew that his Majesty 's present government were more upon 541 the alert , and provided better for the defence of die kingdoms he would state a list of the quantity of arms in the Tower , and the several out ports , for several years past . In 1755 , previous to the breaking out of the seven years war , there was 36,098 stand of fire arms in the Tower , & c. : in 1775 , during the American war , 98,488 : in 1783 , at the conclusion of the war , 94,786 : in 1790 , during the Spanish armament , 92,131 : in 1793. commencement of the French war , 53,482 : and in 1803 , at the commencement of 'he present war , no less than 329,246 stand of arms ; he did not state this to hew any superior attention of the ordnance department , but merely to prove that government