step forward and defend their homes against a French invader ? In such a crisis they had stood forth as was to be expected , and in such numbers that ministers thought proper to resist their increase , and yet they were not likely to afford all the utility of which , other-Wise constituted , they would have been capable ; what a melancholy reflection ! ——Among the other objections of the right hon . gent , on the same bench with me , is that which `` e professed to the manner of the Volunteer clothing , an objection of which I also approve ; and by those who have commented upon it , I think it has been put on a very wrong footing . I do not like giving men red coats merely to give them the appearance of soldiers , without the material ingredients necessary to form such characters . When I hear ministers talking of the propriety of dressing the volunteers in military uniforms , I ask , do they mean merely that the French troops should take them for soldiers ? As masked batteries are used in war , perhaps you mean to fight the French in masquerade ? or do you mean to hold out the volunteers as mere targets to be tired at ? You might make use of them in various other ways , but you destroy their utility by attempting to make them soldiers . No man will think me apt to favour any system opposite to civil liberty ; but yet I can not help saying , that nothing appears to me more absurd than the idea of making men effective soldiers for the resistance or attack of an effective regular army , without martial law or military discipline . By this project of the volunteers you send men to impede the movements of your regular force , which men might be employed most usefully to annoy the enemy in various ways , to protect the villages , in fact , by other means to defend the invaded against the invader ; but the battle in the field with the troops of the invader must be fought by your regular army ; 216 and victory to our arms , in such a contest will , I hope and trust , ever be the result . The prospect of victory to us , indeed , is strengthened by the various advantages which always present themselves to the invaded country . Upon these advantages , independently of the gallantry of our regular troops , I we reckon with just grounds of confidence , if we could look to the active assistance of an armed peasantry ; but where are they to be found—they are absorbed in the volunteers ! What I would wish is , to see all men in their proper places , the soldier in the army , the peasant in the country , and the people throughout in that situation where they could be employed each in his proper department.—It may be observed , that it is inconsistent in me , who last year approved of the reduction of the regular army , now to call for its increase ; but the times , it is to be recollected , are somewhat different ; we were last year at peace , and whether I may be considered `` nature 's fool , '' or the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's , I certainly did I think that peace would continue ; and at the commencement of the war , I stated very fully the reasons why , I thought it might with proper management , and ought to be preserved ; but if I was `` nature 's fool '' in thinking the peace of Amiens likely to continue , the Chancellor of the Exchequer certainly took a great deal of pains , gave many flattering descriptions , and used all the arguments in his power to confirm me in my folly . Under the influence , therefore , of that folly , I recommended the decrease of our armed force at the commencement of the last sessions.—With