the measures adopted on the subject ought rather to have a tendency to assist the natural course of things and to remove obstructions , than to give any new or unnatural direction to existing circumstances.—The hon . baronet concluded by expressing his hope that the committee moved for would take up the question in its proper light , and would not dissolve themselves till they had placed the Bank of Ireland in such a situation , as enable them to have some control over the private banks , and to check , in some measure , the issue of paper by every private person who chose to start up and call himself a banker , without any other qualification or security but the power of adding to the paper currency of the country . Every person making such pretensions should be compelled to justify by something more substantial than appearances , the confidence they claim . found himself compelled to state , in justice to the noble author of the pamphlet alluded to , that , previous to the restriction on the Bank of ireland , their paper issues had not amounted to more than 600,000l. , whereas since that period lie understood their issues of that description were 2,700,000l. , which had given an increased dividend of 6½ He farther understood , his lordship stated , that they had given a bonus of 5 per cent , at the very time too when the rate of exchange was 20 per cent , to their disadvantage . It was not merely the present moment that was to be regarded with alarm . But what , on the present system , attended with so many growing evils , must the prospect in future be ? He had recurred only to the periods subsequent to the restriction . He did not mean to say 661 that the evil was greater than it hid been at some previous periods ; but he meant to say , that it was a growing evil , and ought to be the subject of serious inquiry . He acquiesced , therefore , with the hon . baronet opposite ( Sir J. Newport ) , in deploring the evil , as every person must do , and in expressing an anxiety to be able to congratulate the House and the country , on the restoration of that confidence in the money transactions of Ireland which was so necessary to its interests . said , he hoped the House would go into the proposed inquiry . He wished that there was a uniform medium of circulation in both countries , whether it was of gold or of paper . He contended , that there was no ground for any charge upon the Bank of Ireland , the directors of which acted from the best motives ; and if there was any inconvenience , it arose from the issue of their paper being too small instead of being too large . The fact was , that the issue of their paper had been intercepted by an extraordinary degree of agency on the part of the private banks . could not pass unnoticed , an idea that had been suggested in regard to the pamphlet of his noble friend ( Lord King ) . It had been said , that discussion on this subject had an unfavourable tendency , and that on this principle the pamphlet in question had a tendency rather to increase than to remedy the evil . But , he maintained , that nothing could be more favourable on any subject than an examination of facts so far as it is possible to examine them . This the pamphlet of the noble lord certainly did , and the very circumstance which had been advanced as an aggravation of the mischief it was calculated to produce , was the very best proof of its merit , he meant the influence and circulation it had obtained . At his time of life , what influence could that noble lord possess , but such only as was derived from argument , and that conviction which was the necessary accompaniment of truth