were instances of other officers who had been appointed since then , and yet the property tax was still demanded upon them from April last ; and , when appeals were sent in , the answer given , as he understood , was , that these appeals would be taken into consideration , and , if well founded , that the tax appealed against should be deducted from the demand of duty upon the ensuing next month 's pay . But this mode of proceeding , he considered , as imposing a great hardship upon these officers ; for , upon supposition of the militia being disbanded in the interval , that money would be lost to them . And again , as to the manner of collecting this tax , instead of doing so quarterly , as he believed the act required , officers were called upon to pay six months duty . His lordship observed , that by the calculation which he had been induced to make , he found that according to this plan , the deduction from the pay of ensigns would render the actual nett sum they would receive less , in fact , than that of day labourers in this city . He desired , therefore , tube informed , whether any alteration was to be made in this respect . The noble lord had , on behalf of the regiment which he had the honour to command , written to the Secretary at War on the subject , and had received for answer , that it was not that right hon . gentleman 's intention to interfere in the arrangement . The noble lord wished , therefore , to know , whether it was in contemplation of his Majesty 's ministers , to suspend the ar- 506 rangement , until a Committee should be appointed to inquire into the business , as , otherwise , he should feel it his duty to submit a motion to the House on the subject . observed , that the noble lord had stated truly , that in the private answer he had returned to his lordship 's enquiry upon this subject , he had explained , that being called upon to nominate the commissioners , whose business it was to tax the officers , his duty in this business was over . It the commissioners should be found to have exceeded their trust , the law was open to correct them ; as far , however , as his information reached , he did not think any just ground of complaint could be laid against them . The tax , undoubtedly , could not commence till the officers ' commissions were issued , and , at all events , complaints of this kind would be heard in the usual way of appeal , so that there could be no more reason for the interference of Parliament , with respect to the militia officers in particular , than with respect to the demand of the tax , as it affected the property of any other individuals . He concluded by disclaiming any idea of interference with the commissioners . repeated , that the specific ground of complaint was , that those officers , who were not commissioned until July last , were made liable to pay the lax from the 6th of April ; and when appeals were made , the collectors had said , that a deduction would be allowed upon the ensuing half-yearly assessment . Such was the hardship upon the officers of which he complained ; and that in the mean time an illegal tax was , in fact , levied upon them . said , that he apprehended many officers had neglected to make their returns of income when first called upon ; but undoubtedly those who had no commissions until June or July , were not to be charged with the income duty from the preceding April ; and he was confident , that when the particulars off their several cases were taken into consideration , no illegality or species of oppression would be exercised against them . then gave notice that