last twenty years of their settlement in that island , such projects were never again repeated . The present governor of Ceylon was in possession of these facts , and of this experience , before he doomed our soldiers to such inevitable destruction ; they are recorded in a very valuable and interesting account of Ceylon , written by an officer of the army we first sent there , and the materials for which history were collected under the immediate eye of the governor . I wish , Sir , the writer of that history had been more correctly prophetic , when he says , `` our government will , doubtless , avoid the errors of former European masters of Ceylon , who wasted , unprofitably , in vain 44 attempts to subdue the natives , that time and those resources which might have rendered this island one of the most valuable colonies in the world . `` —With respect to the consequences of this war ( independent of the unprofitable termination of it , and the mortification we must feel at having our brave troops apparently so idly sacrificed ) they are really , Sir , of the most alarming nature . I need scarcely remind the House of the contiguity of Ceylon to the continent of India . India is allowed to be the great object of French ambition ; we act upon this supposition in all our political calculations ; it is with reference to this that Ceylon derives its greatest importance as a conquest ; it is with reference to India that the harbour of Trincomale is beyond all value ; and yet , Sir , with a war carrying on in India on an enormous scale , with a French squadron in the Indian seas full of troops , so often said to be captured , but still unaccounted for , with the French ports full of vessels and troops ready for expeditions , with a necessity at home for our regular army , move urgent than was ever known , and with that regular army more than ever neglected , we are placed in the distressing dilemma , that we must either , by with-holding assistance from the government of Ceylon , endanger our possession of that most important colony , or we must , in this hour of need and necessity , deprive ourselves of a part of our most valuable and most rare species of defence . I am informed , Sir , that 1000 troops of the line are now embarking , or have embarked already , for Ceylon . I am sure such supply is necessary for the security of the colony ; but I ask the House if they will permit the country to make so important a sacrifice without a full and most minute enquiry into what has caused the necessity for so unfortunate a measure . Sir , there is another most dreadful consequence 860 of this war ; after the little discretion our government has hitherto shewn in going to war for apparently so trifling an object , I am afraid when the passions and resentment of our countrymen are roused by the recollection of what has lately passed at Candy , I am afraid that any prospect of peace with these Candians is very remote . I am afraid we are doomed to an internal war with this race of people , and that Ceylon , instead of being the valuable acquisition it is so naturally made for , will prove only to be the grave of our armies . I do hope , Sir , that ministers in their dispatches to the governor will not fail to remind and to press upon him the past experience of this island ; I hope , Sir , they will remind him of that great lesson for all Europeans , the late fate of St. Domingo . As long , Sir , as the natives of Candia or St. Domingo shall possess the local advantages they now do ; as long as the inhabitants of Europe shall be subject to the diseases they now are , I