enemy . In former times and in former wars invasion had been often threatened , and perhaps at a certain period of the late war that threat was , to a certain degree , formidable . In no former period , however , had the threat of invasion assumed the same degree of consistency , and never had we to encounter an enemy at once so malignant , and so well prepared for carrying his hostile designs into'effect.—He had already adverted to the improved state of Ireland ; but past experience demonstrated the imprudence of too flattering expectations of the continuance of this spirit . He wished in no case to depart from constitutional principles , where they could be adhered to with safety ; but the safety of the state was a consideration paramount to every other idea . This safety could best be secured by the renewal of the bill . The liberties of the people were as far as possible in every case to be respected ; and it was his decided opinion that the renewal of the bill , while it was the most consistent with liberty , was the best pledge for the continuance of tranquillity.—With respect to the observation made by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , that the adoption of the present measure would tend to inspirit Buonapartá to make an attempt upon Ireland , as holding out to him the prospect of co-operation in that quarter , he entertained no dread on that subject . 109 He was convinced , that a consciousness in the mind of that man of the odium which uniformly accompanied his footsteps , would point out to him the futility of such an expectation . The inhabitants of Ireland , when they joined their fate with Great-Britain , and he among the rest , anticipated the blessings which would result from that connection ; they were convinced that they enjoyed more happiness than even when they had a legislature of their own . They rested with firm confidence on the vigour of this assembly , and all the loyal inhabitants of Ireland were convinced that it had acted nobly by them . in explanation , stated that his charge , as to the want of preparation on the part of the Irish government at the breaking out of the insurrection in Dublin , was , that the military were provided only with three rounds of ammunition , and that the yeomanry had none at all for the space of two hours . did not Wish to trouble the house with any observations on the present question He only meant to set the hon . gent , who had just sat down , right as to the circumstance which he had last mentioned . The hon . gent , had attempted to deceive the house and the public . The fact was , that , previous to the 23d of July , all the troops in Ireland had been provided with 6o rounds of ammunition each . The Castle of Dublin was no depot for military stores , but there had been lodged there 8000 rounds , for serving such regiments as might have occasion to apply , and , on the first application , ample provision was made and within less than two hours , more ammunition was supplied than was required to be used during the whole course of the rebellion . He stated this from his own personal knowledge , and pledged himself to the truth of it . He had been employed by the master of the ordnance to make the inquiry , who had been alarmed by a report similar to that stated by the hon . gent . called upon the hon . gent , to say , whether it was parliamentary language , or language which ought to be used by one gentleman to another in that house , to accuse him of an attempt to deceive the house or the public ? explained that he had stated , that the hon . Colonel had deceived the house—he himself being deceived . said , it did not