if we have , whether we suppose that the enemy would stop in the maritime counties to subdue the inhabitants , or would not rather pass rapidly through them , pushing forward to the capital ? And whether an armed peasantry could stop his progress ? Now , Sir , this would have been a very natural answer if it had been proposed to rest our defence solely on our armed peasantry ; and really , whoever had heard this answer must have imagined that we had recommended a large and perfectly irregular force in preference to a regular army . But what did we propose ? A right hon gent . ( Mr. Fox ) who may be supposed to be less partial than some other gentlemen are to a large regular army , says , `` Have an army as good and as numerous as you can ; but after all your exertions , it is possible that the enemy may bring one as numerous and as good as your own : and therefore , in addition to your army , have that which an invading army can not have , namely , an armed people . '' Another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) has for these last twelvemonths incessantly exerted himself in this House to enforce the necessity of encreasing to the utmost our troops of the line . As for myself , no man can be more convinced than I am , and have always expressed myself to be , that neither the Vendéan war , nor any other , can with truth be quoted as affording any argument in favour of our trusting to a mass of irregu- 971 lars instead of a regular army . What I say is , have as great a number as possible of troops of the line . In addition to these , and to your militia , have a large reserve , ready to be embodied and thrown into the regiments when the invasion takes place : have a judicious system of fortification for the better defence of parts of your coast , of your arsenals , and your capital ; and 4thly , I say , in aid of all these other means , have an armed peasantry : and all that has been said about the difference between our situation and that of the Vendéans or Americans , although it certainly proves that we can not be safe without a large regular army , does not prove that , as a subsidiary force , the volunteers as they now exist , are better than the armed peasantry which I have described . Other objections have been made to this armed peasantry , as if I had proposed a great unorganized mass , incapable of being moved ; and it has been said that those of the inland counties could not be brought into action until the enemy should have penetrated into the heart of the kingdom : I certainly never had in contemplation a body of such a description : what I mean is , that the great mass of the people should indeed be armed in certain districts , but that throughout the whole kingdom the young and able-bodied men , the elite of the whole peasantry of the country should be formed into companies and battalions , which , so far from being an immoveable force ( as it has been called ) would be much fitter to march and remain away from home than our present volunteers are.—There is another topic , Sir , which though it is not immediately connected with the present bill , it can not I think be irregular for me to notice , as it is mentioned in the papers that were laid before us when the bill was introduced ; I mean the encouragement which is held out to people not only to drive the country , but to destroy the provisions . As to driving the country , the attempt will , I think , be productive of much inconvenience to ourselves , and in other respects perfectly nugatory ; unless ,