these Peers , Lord King declined pressing the amendment—The question was then put upon the Earl of Limerick 's motion , which was ordered accordingly . moved , that it be an instruction to the Committee that they make a provision to extend the time of hearing appeals on surcharges made under the Property Tax . objected to the whole principle of the bill . He was of opinion , that many innocent persons would suffer by the passing of such a law ; as they would not be able to make their returns within the proper time in many instances , where they resided at a distance in the country . It would be more regular for the agent , when he got his dividend warrant , to go into another office , pay the assessment , and : obtain a certificate accordingly . If the principals had any claim to exemptions , they should prefer such claim themselves . observed , that the bill only went to the prevention of an evil , which it never was the intention of government that 1021 the parties should suffer . If the measure was not adopted , the greatest inconvenience would ensue in transacting the business in the manner which the hon . member had described , lie then asked the right nun . the Secretary of Stale if any oilier alteration was not intended to be made after the holidays . declared , that he was not at present aware , of any such measure being in the contemplation of his Majesty 's ministers . If , however , any sufficient ground was stated , some other regulation might be adopted in the course of the session.—The bill was then passed through the Committee , the report received , and the bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . placed himself at the bar of the House , and presented the following message from his Majesty , viz . `` G.R . His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons , that the officers , non-commissioned officers , and privates of the several regiments of the Militia of Ireland have made a voluntary tender of their services to be employed in Great Britain , during the war , his Majesty has received with great satisfaction this striking proof of their affection and attachment toward his person and government , and of their patriotic zeal for the general interests of his United Kingdom ; and conceiving that his being enabled to avail himself of this distinguished instance of public spirit may be attended with the most important advantages at the present con-juncture , he recommends it to his faithful Commons to adopt such regulations as may enable him to accept the services of such parts of the militia forces of Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain , for such time and to such extent , as to the wisdom of Parliament may seem expedient . `` —The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved that the message be taken into consideration on Wednesday next , on which day he wished to give notice that his right hon . friend , unless prevented by indisposition , would state to the House the measures proposed to be adopted for increasing the military force of the country . rose , and spoke nearly as follows : —My Lords , in proposing to you that the bill for the regulation of the system , under which the volunteers are embodied , be read a 2nd time , it is my duty to call your attention to the acts , relating to this description of force , which were passed in a former session . I am aware , that this is but a very narrow and limited view of the subject . When I shall allude to the principles of the volunteer acts , I can not well do it , without alluding to the other measures which his Majesty 's govt , have adopted , for supporting , or deriving support from , that species of force , which it is the object of the