policy hereafter , as most unjustly to depreciate and disparage the various efforts , which the country has made for its security , and to deny to all , except the troops enlisted for general service , the share of merit and 203 value which fairly belongs to them in a military point of view.—In examining the use government ha made of the powers vested in them by Parliament , I am perfectly prepared to admit , that more ample means were never afforded to any former ministers ; that no former occasion called for equal exertions ; and , that in no period of our history had the government a people more willing to answer every call upon their exertions , or one more eager to make every sacrifice for the public safety I think it is but fair , that the conduct of government should be tried , as the right hon . gent . has proposed , with reference to the time they have had to act , to the means afforded them , and to the temper of the country , under which those means were to be employed . But , before I state shortly to the Committee what the King 's ministers have accomplished for the defence of the country since Parliament last separated , I am anxious to rescue the military system , then decided upon , from two imputations , which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) appears to me very unjustly to have thrown ? upon it.—The first is , `` that the measure of the army of reserve and the high bounties resulting therefrom , have essentially crippled , if not destroyed , the recruiting of men for general service , '' in considering which , the right hon . gent , recurs to his former suggestion of ballotting men for general service , denying to persons so ballotted the option of serving by substitutes . I am not disposed at present to argue the expediency of a measure of such extreme rigour . I wish only now to state what has been the effect upon the recruiting service of that measure , which he so much condemns . It appears , that out of 35,000men , already raised for the army of reserve , 7,500 have entered for general service . It is to be observed , that this number has entered in a period of less than two months , the enlisting Slaving commenced only in the beginning of Oct. and having been suspended , with a view to the better discipline of this force , since the 1st . Dec . The hon . gent , will therefore find , that this measure , which he describes as so fatal to the recruiting service , has in the short space of two months produced nearly as many men for general service as had been obtained in the preceding year , by the ordinary mode of recruiting , even at that period , when neither the militia nor the army of reserve were in progress.—The right hon . gen. very naturally conceives , that the high bounty must have altogether suspended the ordinary mode of recruiting ; but here again experience is pre- 204 ferable to theory , and we find , that although the number of recruits so raised has been of late diminished , as I understand , about one-third , yet it has by no means had the effect , at least not in the extent which has been attributed to it by the right hon . gent , of injuring the ordinary recruiting service.—The next material objection urged against the system , is with respect to the volunteers . After depreciating the efficiency of that important branch of our public force , and giving the preference to an armed peasantry , unorganised and undisciplined , it is said , that the present force is not only bed in itself , but that it locks up a large proportion of our military population , and deprives us of their services for many more useful purposes.—This objection I must positively deny .