of the 23d July With respect to the hon . officer ( Gen. Fox ) , the intelligence d not reach-him till it was too late . Is it , otherwise , to be supposed that he would have put off the council of war , which he held in consequence , to so late an hour , that one of the officers who attended at it , was obliged to return back , the insurrection having already commenced , and the ether found his safety in having a good pair of legs , ( which it is often very useful to have on such occasions ) and being acquainted with the bye-ways . The noble lord dwelt much on the strength of a garrison of 4000 men , and conceived the Bank to be particularly secure , from being placed between the royal barracks and the 62d reg . On speaking with the Col. of the 62d reg. , I was informed , that the orders reached him so late , find from such a variety of quarters , that he could collect only 16 men in any sufficient time . The same officer informed me of the situation of a depÔt of powder , of which he informed Mr. Sec . Wickham , but that depÔt was not discovered till after the rebellion , the ramifications of which were very extensive . I heard at Naas , the capital of the county of Kildare , that information had been conveyed from thence to government , but that it had been little attended to . I found that the conspiracy also extended to the south beyond Cork , where the conspirators learned , by means of telegraphic fires , the ill success of the insurrection in Dublin , before the King 's officers knew it in Cork . It was by this information only that the insurrection was prevented from being general over the country . I do not think that Gen. Fox , an officer who has done most meritorious service from a very early age , should be deprived of a command , superior in importance to every other in the service , without any reason being assigned for that privation . It was a command of much difficulty and danger , but there was the more room for reaping glory if the enemy should come . On 774 these grounds I conceive the inquiry to be loudly called for . —Sir what has been just stated by the hon . general , the House can not view in any other light than as hearsay evidence ; and , perhaps , had the hon . gen. remained some time longer in the country , he might have met with further information , that might have induced him to change his opinion on the subject of the Irish government being taken by surprise . I am not anxious to oppose the motion , as I am certain that the lord lieutenant does not wish to shrink from an inquiry , and , shall , therefore , confine myself strictly to facts . I coincide in opinion with my hon . friend ( Mr. Dawson ) , and my noble friend ( Lord Castlereagh ) , that there is no parliamentary grounds laid for an inquiry and also , that there must be great inconvenience attending it ; but still , if the House thinks proper to accede to the motion , I shall not object to it.—As facts have been referred to , I shall endeavour to set them in a right point of view . The hon . general ( Tarleton ) concluded with an observation relative to the recal of Gen. Fox . Now , I do not know that he was recalled . A difference of opinion had arisen between him and the lord lieut . Which ; made it necessary that one of them should withdraw . Gen. Fox thought proper to return to England , and thus the matter ended.—I think it necessary , before I proceed further , to advert to the principle on which my noble relative accepted the charge which