doubt ; that the system is altogether not comparable to that of an armed peasantry , who could be had in every district in sufficient numbers , and who would furnish the most powerful assistance to the regular army . It should be recollected , that the great defence of a country consists of an armed people . The enemy may have a large disciplined army , and so may you to resist him ; but that from which you would derive your great advantage , that which always must form the powerful opponent of an invading army , would be an armed peasantry . That should be your principal defence . It is like the weapon with which nature furnishes animals for their protection . It is the great 618 bulwark of a country . You might thus have an aid in every village and town , more numerous and effective than your volunteers ; and you might put the country in such a state of defence , that the enemy , even after a victory , should he obtain one , over your regular army in the field , dare not send out a detachment to forage , or for any other purpose , without exposing them to be shot at from every hedge , from every cottage , from every enclosure—by men , not dressed so as to be easily perceivable , not wearing those coloured garments which would put the enemy 's troops on their guard . Thus might they be harassed and weakened , even after being victorious in the field 5 and we must not be so sanguine as to suppose that they may not sometimes have the advantage ; for , however brave our troops may be , and no man has a higher opinion of their valour and skill than I have , we must attend to that calculation which has ever been regarded by the highest military authorities , even by Julius Cassar himself , that fortune has a great share in deciding the events of war . When such events should happen to be against us , I would particularly look to the assistance of the smock-frocked force , as some gentlemen have termed it . A noble lord in treating this subject , has said , that he was old enough to recollect the American rebellion , as he called it , and , certainly , if he recollected all the circumstances of the case he so describes , he would be aware that the term of rebellion was not applicable , and that the use of it was long since abandoned . He would also recollect that which was very fortunate to the subject of this debate , that America was victorious over her opponents , not because she had a large regular army , but because she was an armed country , and the result of that popular armament was , that two of our best generals , at the head of some of the best troops , we re compelled to surrender . Precisely that kind of force which so conquered in America , which emancipated Holland , which triumphed in Switzerland , and performed such prodigies of valour in la Vendue and Ireland , is what I should recommend to be resorted to in this country . The misfortune is , with a view to this , that , as I understand , the volunteers have taken so many arms that enough are not left for arming the peasantry ; but there are weapons in abundance to be found to suit them , and they will not require much training . If this plan be not attended to , many parts of the country will , in the event of invasion , be left 619 quite defenceless ; for when a volunteer corps is called into service , what becomes of the town or village to which it may belong ? Their natural defenders are gone where they are not likely to be so useful as they might be , under another system , to the ultimate security of the country and the overthrow of