army of reserve and militia ballot . I have , indeed , heard the right hon . Sec . of State maintain , that the granting these exemptions was not , as I contend , the effect of a mistake ; but that it was in the contemplation of Parliament , at the time , to give to the act , under which the volunteers claim the exemption , the full effect , which it has since been discovered to have produced . Now , I am perfectly convinced , that the great majority at least of this House had no such intention ; and I have good reason to suppose , that his Majesty 's ministers themselves had it not ; for it appears , that sometime after the close , of the session , the Sec . of State wrote a letter to the Attorney and Solicitor General , desiring to know , whether , in their opinion , the volunteers were really entitled to these exemptions ? It is , indeed , curious to observe , how this clause , granting exemptions , got into the system.—In passing the act for raising the army of reserve , the greatest anxiety was shewn by the Committee , to confine the exemptions within as narrow limits as possible ; and the act provides , that only such volunteers should be exempted as had been accepted before the 22d day of June , 1803.—In the general Training Bill , which followed the above , it is expressly enacted , that this act is not to exempt persons from being balloted for the militia or army of reserve.—In the 120th ch . Geo III . being an act for amending the last mentioned , no notice is taken of exemption from ballot . But there comes a Kill , of which , from its title , it was impossible for any member to suppose , that any thing contained in it would repeal one of the most important provisions of the preceding acts , but which has since been discovered to have produced this effect.—It is the 121st chap . Geo . III . and is entitled , `` An Act for billetting Volunteers when assembled , for subjecting to military discipline Serjeants , Trumpeters , Drummers , and Buglemen , who receive constant pay and for the further re- 268 gulating such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps . '' And this is the Act , which , in the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General , given in answer to a query from the Secretary of State , is declared to have repealed that clause of the Army of Reserve Bill , which denied the exemption from ballot to any volunteers , excepting those who had been accepted before the 22d of June . I , therefore , can not believe that this was intentionally done by his Majesty 's ministers ; and I am very sure it was without the knowledge of by fir the greater part , if not the whole , of the other members of this House . Now , this general exemption , which I consider as the effect of a mistake in the framers of the last Bill , is , in my opinion , by far the greatest defect in the whole of the volunteer system . It greatly interferes with the recruiting the army of reserve and militia ; it gives to certain persons in the volunteer corps a very improper power of deciding , who shall or shall not be subject to the ballots , accordingly as they please to accept or reject the offers of those who wish to enter their corps and it gives a dubious character to the whole volunteer institution , inasmuch as it is now impossible to distinguish those who come forward from pure zeal and patriotism , from such as are actuated only by a desire of escaping the operation of the other Bills.—Sir , before I conclude , I must take the opportunity of again reverting to the subject of fortifications ; and , without entering into any detailed reasoning , I will assert