which have taken place in Ireland with equal satisfaction . But though the seeds of rebellion have again germinated in that country , yet they have sprung from so weak a root , they have been cultivated by so unskilful a hand , and have been cut-down at so early a period , by the vigilance of government , that I would willingly flatter myself the time is approaching when they will be finally eradicated . If , Sir , we may believe the dying declarations of the leaders of the insurrection , even they were not sunk so low , as to wish for a connection with France , or to be insensible to the horrors of French fraternity ; and the trials have evinced , that the deluded people who joined them , were influenced more by former engagements , and oaths imposed on them , than by any conviction of the justice or advantage of the cause they espoused.—I have already occupied so much of the time of the house , that I will not enlarge on the wound which we have inflicted on the foreign possessions of the enemy ; while we have detained their fleets , blockaded in their own harbours , and ' scarce suffered a single gun-boat to skulk from port to part . At any other period those conquests would have been considered as an adequate compensation for the 21 expenses of a war ; but the splendor of these victories is , in some degree , lost , by the very circumstance which ought to make it more grateful to us , because they have been gained without bloodshed ; and because the people of these colonies have voluntarily sought the protection of a government , whose mild and beneficent sway , they had before experienced.—Sir , I am now to thank the house for the indulgence which they have shewn , and the patience with which they have permitted me to state my reasons for supporting an address , which L trust will meet the unanimous approbation of this house , because I believe it speaks the feelings of every subject of the British empire . —Sir , I do not rise with the intention of objecting particularly to the proposed address in consequence of the speech which his Majesty has been most graciously pleased to make to both Houses of Parliament ; nor am I disposed to dispute the soundness of the arguments employed by the honourable mover , and seconder of the address . I rise merely to advert to two points ; one of which is omitted in the speech , and the other particularly alluded to . The point omitted in the speech is the mediation of Russia : a. subject on which I can not help thinking , the house had a fair right to expect some communication . Lithe course of the last session of Parliament , when I called the attention of the house to the mediation of ( he court of St. Petersbourg , a noble Secretary of State ( Lord Hawkesbury ) , not now in tins house , did , as strongly as language can express , pledge ministers as not only ready to accept of the mediation of Russia , if offered , but , if not offered , directly to solicit it . The noble Lord distinctly pledged himself , that Ministers were not only willing to hear the ideas of the court of Russia , as to the best mode of bringing about an accommodation of the differences betwixt this country and France ; but ready to state what their own ideas were of the most practicable means of restoring a good understanding betwixt the two countries . * —I rise , Sir , for the purpose of replying to the observations which have been made by the hon . member , on the speech with which his Majesty has been pleased to address his Parliament this day . Although the hon . member is not inclined to oppose the address , and is disposed to entertain a favourable opinion of the sentiments which generally pervade it