, have been excited by a gigantic power suddenly erected , to disturb the world , to desolate a large portion of Europe , and to lay the foundation , if not resolutely and vigorously resisted , of future and incalculable misery . Such resistance it is become the fate of this country to make , and I trust it will be its glory effectually to accomplish . That its resources and the zeal of the people is competent to the undertaking , and the achievement , no man can doubt ; that zeal which has been displayed in a manner so extraordinary as to surprise even the most ardent admirers of the British character , and to gratify the most anxious friends to British independence ; that zeal which has not I merely seconded , but far outrun the wants of the country , and very much indeed the wishes of the government . Into the principle of the system upon which the force produced by this zeal has been constructed [ shall not now inquire . That is a point which has been already amply discussed , and satisfactorily settled . The question fairly is , whether in addition to our regular army and militia , it is practicable to procure , from the population of the country , a force sufficiently large to meet the magnitude of the dangers which threaten us by any other and better means . It does not appear to me that we could . Certainly , as to the amount of the force , an equal number could not be collected by any other than compulsory means ; and if the volunteer plan were abandoned , those means , however obnoxious , must have been resorted to , or the security of the country would have been very precarious . From those considerations approved of the volunteer system . At all events , whatever the imperfections of that system may be , I feel that I can not be contradicted in the assertion that no other can be now looked to as a substitute . The thing can not be done away . The danger is too near and imminent to allow of a total change . It is the system to which we must resort to meet the present difficulty , and I will go further and say , that it is that , if carried to the degree of perfection of which it is capable , upon which we might calculate , in combination with other descriptions of ordinary force , for the future and permanent security of the empire.—Bur , whether this system may or may not be brought to that state of discipline which seems necessary to reconcile my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) to its existence , I contend that this is not the time to think of removing it altogether , of treading back the steps we have taken , of providing another 545 force at a time when the danger is at our gates—when , as one might say , we are within gun-shot of the enemy . This , surely then , is not the moment to entertain such a proposition ; and if not , the improvement of the system that is established is , of course , the object for our deliberation . Whatever differences of opinion , therefore , may prevail between the right hon . gent , on the opposite bench , ( Mr. Fox ) or my right hon . friend on the bench below him ( Mr. Windham ) and me , I must naturally expect from them , that they will not differ with me on this point , whatever they may wish to do at a future period , —that , when we are inexpectation of an immediate attack from the enemy—when the danger is announced from the highest authority to be close upon us , and when we are about to encounter a tremendous storm raised by a power the most gigantic , perhaps the world has ever seen ? —when we are threatened by an attempt on our liberty and existence