him to apologize for ministers being as economical as possible ; it was better to begin under the mark , than make too large an establishment , which it might be difficult afterwards to reduce.—Adverting again to the subject of permanent pay , he would just observe , that as the law had stood since 1794 , upon the offer being accepted of any corps to assemble upon permanent duty , they were considered to be in the same situation as if called out in case of actual invasion , and were entitled to the marching guinea , to provide themselves with necessaries . He would propose a clause to do away doubts upon this subject , in which he should propose that this guinea should be deducted from the two guineas to which they were entitled after the defeat or expulsion of the enemy.—The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had proposed that a clause should be inserted to remove doubts with respect lo the election of officers : —it was not his intention to propose any such clause . His Majesty undoubtedly had the power of commission- 672 ing officers recommended by the lord lieut . or of rejecting such persons . There , therefore , appeared no question about an election , except only where that was included in the terms of acceptance.—He had mentioned one exception on a former occasion , in the case of the light horse volunteers , who recommended to his Majesty persons to hold commissions in that corps , but when called into actual service , that right had ceased , and in case of the death of an officer , the next in seniority succeeded . There were some who only looked to the corps of the metropolis , considering them as every thing , and who , because two or three corps had claimed the right of electing officers , supposed it was general ; but , in the country , where corps were formed under the influence of gent , of rank and property , no such idea was entertained . It was to be supposed , at the same time , that no person would be appointed an officer in a volunteer corps who was not agreable to that corps.—Much had been said on a former occasion about the power of committees , but wherever they had interfered in military discipline they had been checked , and no person could say that , in the regulation of financial concerns , they were acting improperly : it was well known that , in case of the death of a Paymaster , there was a committee of paymasters in every regiment of the line.—The last point which he had to notice , was the suggestions respecting rules and regulations for enforcing attendance and discipline , whilst under arms , by fine , imprisonment , & c. He must say , that he was wholly averse to such a plan , which he considered lo be entirely inconsistent with the nature of the volunteer service operting in its disembodied state . Such a system would , he conceived , not merely produce inconvenience , but would lead to the destruction of the volunteer system , or at least to a very considerable diminution of numbers . There was another objection to it likewise , arising out of the Defence act . Provisions were made there for fines and penalties upon the different classes , in case of disobedience ; but it was expressly stated , that if a sufficient number of volunteers came forward , they should be relieved from the compulsory clauses of the bill . They having come forward in that confidence , and it would be in some instances a breach of faith to resort to those compulsory clauses to be applied against them.—He concluded by proposing several new clauses , some of which related to the exemptions under former acts , and the allowance to volunteers from serving in the militia and army of reserve . It was not intended , he 673 said , to exempt them from the ballot , but that