become a duty . He knew there were many who thought that there was something inconsistent with the nature of a militia force in this extended service , and that it could not properly be changed . Perhaps so at the same time it ought to be recollected , that the circumstances of the times called for a more permanent , efficient , and numerous force than usual . It ought to be recollected , that the relative situations of the British empire and of France were materially changed . It was now necessary that this country should become a more military nation than it had ever been . A notion was entertained by several people respecting the militia , that in case their services were extended , we might lose many valuable people in that establishment , but that loss would be made up by the efficiency of the force . We should lose many old men who commanded the militia , and we had a good deal of experience . But he was of opinion that we ought to have not only young men in the ranks , but also in command . An old man of experience would avoid mistakes , but his attention would in general be directed to that point , instead of thinking how to gain a victory . A young man , on the contrary , would be thinking how to gain a victory , and would probably gain one at last , though he committed several mistakes in the road that led to it . Most of the victories mentioned in history 1056 were gained by young men ; and the histories of the young and the old King of Prussia was an apt illustration of what he had been saying . In the mean time , however , this ought to be a military country , and it ought to be a point of honour with the nobility and gentry of the ' nation to make themselves acquainted with military affairs , and serve either in the regulars or the militia . He would not oppose ' this motion , as it was merely an address of thanks for his Majesty 's communication ; but he again expressed his disapprobation , of the deliberative principle among armed men . joined heartily in the tribute of applause that had justly been bestowed upon the noble and patriotic men who had come forward with a voluntary offer of an extension of their services . He rejoiced in the prospect that it had opened , of having the services of the militia of both countries being made reciprocal , as it would go to establish that principle of unity which ought to subsist between G. Britain and Ireland . The sooner a complete union , in every point of view , was effected , the better it would be for both countries . He heartily joined in the address which it Was now intended to present to his Majesty , and would only farther say , that he apprehended this was no partial offer , but that it was made by the whole militia of Ireland . begged leave also to join in the applause that had on all hands been given to the patriotic offer of the troops in question . He was aware of the incalculable advantages that would re-suit from it , both to this country and to Ireland . He heartily agreed , that the two countries should , as much as possible , be assimilated . The Irish troops had thus shewn their love for the country , their seal and attachment to the constitution , which he knew distinguished not only the troops in question , but the whole army is Ireland . But to pronounce their eulogiun did not become a person in his situation ; that he would leave to other Lords : and it was his intention to have contented himself with a silent vote on the present occasion , but something had fallen from a noble Duke ( of Montrose ) to which he could not but advert . He had , said ,