agreeable to them to serve in their own particular district , or in any particular corps , than to be drafted into the general levy . This exemption was the very cause of the deficiency of the army of reserve ; it seemed , therefore , rather remarkable that it should be conferred on persons enrolled under the express understanding that they were not to be entitled to it . Thus were we destroying our regular establishment , and putting the death-blow to that force which had lately gained such laurels to themselves and to their country ! While we pretended to be inviting continental alliances , we were depriving ourselves of the means of profiting by them . The army of reserve he could not view as equal to the militia . They were subject to be drafted into other corps , and therefore their officers could never feel that military pride in them which was indispensable in an effective force . The discouragements , too , which the extraordinary bounties given in the army of reserve must have thrown on the recruiting for the regulars , was beyond calculation ; and the army of reserve being raised by such immense bounties , must interfere with the recruiting in the regular army ; and , besides this , he conceived the army of reserve and those of the regulars to 202 be a very improper mixture , for this reason , that one man who had received a bounty of 8l . or 10l . and who was bound to go to any part of the world , and to continue in the service for life , would have another by his side who had received 50l . bounty , and who was not bound to go out of this island , nor to continue his services longer than the present war . The one of these would naturally laugh at the other . With regard to the act for regulating volunteers , it was so defective , that many very cruel hardships were fell by volunteers . He stated the case of some volunteers who had exercised sixteen days without arms . The lord lieutenant advised them not to train any more until they had arms ; for that otherwise they would lose the benefit of the act , which required that they should have been trained with arms for a part of this time . They accordingly desisted for the four days waiting for arms , but they got none . In the mean-time , they were ballotted in for the militia , and when they claimed their exemption as volunteers , they could not be exempted : thus they lost their exemptions , not by any act of their own , but by the act of government . This shewed the absolute necessity of revising this act . Mr. Grenville concluded by observing , that if government do not take some means to place the regular army of the country upon an effective system , instead of applying themselves to the increase of the volunteer force , much as he respected those corps , yet he must feel the House would not do its duty if it rested contented with a force merely to assist a regular army at home . —I perfectly concur in the opinion , with which the right hon . gent , who spoke last ( Mr. Grenville ) has opened his speech ; `` that the present is the natural and fit occasion , not only for examining the military arrangement , which government proposes prospectively to adopt , but also for examining what use ministers have made of those powers which , in a former session , were entrusted to them by Parliament ; '' nor should I be disposed to complain that another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) should have questioned upon the present occasion the policy of that system of measures , to which the sanction of Parliament was formerly given , did not the review which he has taken of that system , appear to me not so much calculated to guide our