; and , in the other , that he is gradually approaching to recovery . The terms are clearly contradistinguished to each other ; and , if language has any meaning , the assertion I have new made is fully established . All loyal subjects are happy to have such good accounts of the health of their Sovereign ; but as it is now declared that his recovery must be gradual , the question of the expediency of some communication on the subject to the House becomes more apparent . It is not at all my wish , on the present occasion , to anticipate what decision the House may come to after a communication is made ; but I must protest against the doctrine , that certain persons , styling themselves his Majesty 's confidential servants , should take on themselves the right of determining when a communication to Parliament should be brought forward . For any individuals , whatever situation under government they hold , whether appearing as Chancellor of the Exchequer , or as Secretaries of State , to assume to themselves the right of judging when an undoubted privilege of Parliament is to be exercised , is assuming a power which no former ministers have ever done in any period of our history . I have already said , Sir , that it is not my wish to anticipate any future discussion . I may , however , be permitted to allude to one fact , which is certainly of very considerable importance . As early , I believe , as the beginning of February , a circular letter was sent to the lord lieutenants of the several counties of the kingdom , announcing that a formidable and immediate attempt at invasion was expected by government . I believe , Sir , if such an opinion was entertained by government at that time , no circumstances have since reached them which can at all decrease their apprehensions of dinger . Since the period alluded to , there have , on the contrary , been reports which still more strongly countenance the idea of an immediate attack of the enemy , and believe it is now the opinion of many persons , that the enemy are only waiting the favorable moment to carry their threats into execution . Under such circumstances , I would call on ministers to consider , what would be the consequence of the suspension of the royal functions , if the enemy should , at such a crisis , succeed in landing on our shores ? Before the volunteers could be called into action , it would be 512 necessary to subject them to martial-law ; I but how is this to be effected , if there is no I power in the state to issue the requisite proclamation ? It is impossible for any gentleman to determine at what time the atttempt ; of the enemy may be made . Even before we have left the place in which we are now assembled , intelligence of a landing may be received . Let me put it , Sir , to the right honourable gentleman , and to the House , in what situation the country would be placed , it , at the moment of invasion , the executive , authority was totally suspended ? If even under any circumstances invasion would be formidable , it is needless to expatiate on the increase of this danger under circumstances such as those now alluded to . But , Sir , there are other points of a constitutional nature , which loudly call for the adoption of some measure , to supply the place of the temporary suspension of the royal functions . These are not points of small import , but , on the contrary , highly worthy of consideration . As a supporter and admirer of the constitution , I am desirous of seeing all its branches properly balanced . Let me ask then , whether it is not consonant , as well to the letter , as to the spirit of the constitution , that the executive authority should keep up