though , under certain regulations , he thought it might . The militia he had certainly considered as incapable of being further augmented ; and , from the situation of France , and of the Continent , it appeared to him unavoidable to provide a considerably greater military force than either the regular army , or the militia , or both , constituted . —Sir ; I shall detain the House but a few moments , before it comes to a decision on the question under consideration . In a discussion of some hours length , I have heard no objection urge against the motion of my right hon . friend , but that it ought to have been submitted to a committee of the who 's House , that the whole of the measure proposed to be brought forward was inefficient to its object , and that it would disappoint the expectations entertained by the public . With respect to the proposition for submitting the measure to the consideration of a committee of the whole House , I am at a loss to know where in the Journals the gentlemen have found the precedent for such a course of proceeding . During the last war many propositions were submitted to Parliament for the effectual security and defence of the realm , yet not one of them originated ia a committee of the whole 463 House . A sufficient opportunity will be afforded to gentlemen , in the committee on the bill , to offer such observations as they may deem necessary , and to render the measure as perfect and effectual as mature deliberation and adequate discussion can make it . But the light hon . gent , has represented the measure , as opened by my right , hon . friend , as miserably defective . My right hon . friend , however , did not state the system to he a system of perfection . He was fully aware of the utter impossibility of attaining perfection in any human institution , within the short period that has elapsed since the adoption of the measure . It is not at once that a measure of such magnitude and extent can be brought I to full and final completion . What , Sir , is the object of my right hon . friend ? —to obviate the inconveniences which have been ; found to arise from the effect of the system , as it at present exits , to remove the difficulties which have been experienced in its execution , and to apply an effectual remedy to the practical defects and inconveniences which have occurred . The practical inconveniences of the system may be ranged under three heads : first , the election of officers ; second , the power of committees ; and third , the right of resignation . My right hon . friend has stated , that the only instance in which his Majesty 's ministers could countenance the existence of committees was , where their interference was limited to objects not military . They may be found necessary to adjust the accounts or the internal arrangement of a corps , but it is the determination of his Majesty 's government to discountenance their interference in function ; at all military.—As to the election of officers , much difference of opinion has prevailed on the subject ; and as it is a subject upon which much discussion will probably take place , there is every probability that it will be placed on such a footing , as will give entire and eventual satisfaction . What my right hon . friend stated was , that in all cases where the election of officers formed a part of the original constitution of a corps , his Majesty 's discretion would be extended , so long a it should be his pleasure to admit the continuance of the services of such corps . Good faith will in every instance concede what is due to principle . But , Sir , I do not consider the measure proposed as any violation of the public faith , as it has been