and illustrious character has been dragged from the arms of his daughter , and murdered in her presence , who , if proper precautions had been taken , might still have been contributing to the happiness of his family , and the advantage of his country ? —The other ground of opposition upon that occasion was the early period at which the inquiry was called for . But when it is recollected , that in the year 1798 , when the rebellion was over , and individuals brought to justice , the Irish government came to Parliament , with ail the information they possessed , it will not be deemed objectionable at this hour , when we are under precisely the same circumstances . I am at a loss , then , to judge what objection can be made to a motion , which I shall submit , from no motives of personality to any individual concerned , for with none am I acquainted , but solely in the spirit of fair inquiry and investigation.—I shall endeavour , as briefly as possible , to state the particulars of this transaction . As early as the December preceding , Mr. Emmett returned from the continent , and joined a conspiracy already formed . This time of its duration , about 8 months , is farther corroborated by the proclamation found in the depot of the rebels , and which they intended to have published , had they been successful . Nothing very material transpires till his Majesty 's message of the 8th of March was 740 known . That which spread such general gloom over the minds of every gentleman in this House , seems to have given fresh vigor to these conspirators . In the same month , in the metropolis of Ireland , under the immediate eye of government , several depots were established , and particularly one in Patrick-street , and one near Dirty-lane . The forging pikes , making pike handles , collecting blunderbusses and pistols , making up military cloathing , and other warlike preparations , continued to be made without any interruption from the government , till the 16th of July , when the depot in Patrick-street exploded . A peace officer visited this depot the day the explosion took place , and found pikes , pike handles , and preparations for making gunpowder . What the government did in consequence of a circumstance of such evident notoriety , will be for them to explain , should the House think fit to grant this inquiry ; but , so alarmed was Mr. Emmett , that he immediately changed his residence , and appears during the following week , to have made every exertion to accelerate his preparations till the hour of 9 on Saturday night the 23d of July , when he is stated upon his trial , to have sallied forth avowedly for the purpose of attacking the castle of Dublin . Men , from all parts of the country , had been observed resorting to Dublin , and a large body were actually armed near the depot in Dirty-lane , before they were at all perceived by the peace officers ; nor had government any intimation of this depôt , which contained 8,000 pikes , and above 34,000 ball cartridges , besides other military stores.—As a recital of all the barbarous proceedings of these rebels is unnecessary to my argument , I will proceed to examine the conduct of government . That they did not make any preparations , I do not assert , but shall state to the House all I know they did , and leave gentlemen , until it shall be finally ascertained by an inquiry , to draw their own inference as to their sufficiency.—That government were repeatedly warned of their danger , by persons of great credit and respectability , there is no doubt , and I believe that in many instances , that information was most ungraciously received.—At 3 o'clock the commander in chief is stated to have been informed of it , and the lord lieutenant proceeded soon after to the Phœnix Lodge to prevent giving