some striking proofs of its necessity or its expediency ? It had been urged by the noble lord who introduced the subject , that the powers vested in the executive government by the Martial Law Bill were in no instance abused . His lordship contended , that this was not at all an argument which ought to have any considerable force . The question was not how the powers 249 granted by the bill were exercised , but whether such powers were necessary and fit to be intrusted to any executive government . He did not mean to say that the government of Ireland at this moment were guilty of any acts of cruelty under this bill , but he meant to state that , independent of acts of cruelty , many severities might be experienced , many inconveniencies might be felt . When he said this , he wished to shew their lordships how his observation was fully justified . The Martial Law Bill in his opinion , contained such provision as entirely pat it out of the power of part or the inhabitants of Ireland fairly to represent the grievances under which the country `` laboured . He would put it to the candour and liberality of their lord-ships , whether any man would choose to put himself in a prominent situation , with all the terrors of martial law hanging over his head . The most respectable individuals in t Ireland might be anxious to come forward and lay before the public an impartial representation of the grievances under which they conceived a large proportion of the population to labour ; but was it to be supposed that they would do so , when they knew that by adopting this conduct they would expose themselves to obloquy , if not to the positive vengeance of individuals who would be desirous to misrepresent their views and expose them to the suspicions of government ? This his lordship bought a matter of most grave consideration , and urged on the attention of their lordships what would be the consequence of passing such bills in the absence of all evidence of their necessity . What I would the people of Ireland think of the conduct of the United Parliament , if they met with nothing on their part but measures of coercion ? Would they not be ready to ask , and that , too , with every claim of justice , that at least some proofs of the necessity of such measures should be adduced ? Even now there were many persons in Ireland not reconciled to the Union . It was surely , therefore , no more than what common justice demanded , that the Irish people were not now more severely treated than they were during the existence of a local legislature.—His lordship having urged this point with considerable force , declared that he could not vote against the motion of the noble Secretary of State , limited as was his present information respecting the actual situation of Ireland . He . could not , however , sit down without declaring his conviction of the absolute necessity of a full and impartial investigation of the state of Ireland , a view of its grievances , and a plan of the best means of affording them effectual re- 250 dress.—In the course of his speech , the noble lord passed some severe strictures on the unsatisfactory and contradictory views given of the insurrection of the 23d of July . At one time it was represented as a miserable contemptible riot . At other times it was described as a widely extended , and formidable plan of rebellion . He did not pretend to decide which of these representations was correct ; but he called the attention of their lordships to them , as an additional proof of the necessity of inquiry . If , on a subject of this notorious kind , there was a difference of opinion ; if even his Majesty 's ministers were not agreed on the subject , he really could not figure to himself a more decisive argument , to establish the necessity