I state with the strongest satisfaction , and with no little exultation , that the conduct of his Majesty 's government has operated a very salutary and material alteration in the sentiments of the majority of the people of that country . But the hon . gent , says , it is impossible to expect the continuance of tranquillity in Ireland without attending more particularly to the real situation of the country , and unless some plan of removing existing grievances is resorted to . Whether it would be fit at all to argue the question of the state of Ireland in the present state of affairs , I shall leave to the wisdom of the house to discover . For my own part , I am not aware of the possibility of such a discussion at this moment being productive of one solid advantage . On the contrary , I am thoroughly persuaded that the agitation of the question in the present crisis of affairs , could only tend to aggravate those evils which I am sure the hon . member must as sincerely as any man deplore , without producing any one of those advantages which the hon . gent , is so anxious to accomplish . The hon . gent . has recommended to members to keep their minds open for future discussion , to avoid the formation of prepossessions , to be ready for the consideration of the question whenever it occurs , with moderation and impartiality . It is hardly necessary for me to give any pledge to the house , if the subject is ever brought regularly under discussion , what conduct I may think it my duty to pursue . I shall studiously endeavour to keep my mind unbiassed and unprejudiced by any previous statements or antecedent representations . The hon . member will find me ready to enter on the discussion temperately and gravely , and to be guided in my judgment by w hat appears most consonant to the principles of justice , policy , and humanity . I trust that the house will be content with this declaration , as to the second objection of the hon . gent , on the opposite bench , and that the unanimity which is likely to prevail this night , may experience no interruption ; but that we may carry our expression to the foot of the Throne , with that ready and universal zeal , which the sentiments contained in his Majesty 's most gracious speech so justly demand . —I do not rise , Sir , for the purpose of disturbing the unanimity of the House upon the present occasion . I shall vote for the Address . But there is a matter of the greatest importance , connected with that volunteer system which 28 has been so highly complimented in it ; which I think it my duty to mention . And in so doing , I beg that I may not be misunderstood , nor misrepresented . In what I am about to say , I mean not the smallest censure upon the volunteers at large , nor even upon the system : however I may doubt , whether that system be or be not the least expensive , or the most eligible and effectual military force , either for the I purpose of defence or offence . Neither do I intend the slightest censure even upon that particular corps , whose conduct in one particular I disapprove . I can easily believe , that they may have been actuated by the best motives . The necessity of the times , the novelty of their situation , zeal for the service in which they have embarked , may all have prompted them to speedy and vigorous measures , the consequences of which they had not maturely considered.—But , Sir , I hold in my hand a paper , which purports to be an Address from the St. Giles 's and St. George 's Bloomsbury Volunteer Association , * directed to be carried informed the house that certain petitioning burgesses , complaining of an undue election and return for the