in all probability , we shall find between this and the report . observed , that there ought to be some time allowed for the notice of resignation , in order to prevent persons from withdrawing in consequence of momentary disgust ; and 2dly , to afford the means to commanding officers of obtaining some other person to fill up the vacancy.—After a few words from Mr. Sec . Yorke and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , it was agreed that 14 days notice should be given after the first of April , the power of resignation in the mean time to remain uncontroled . observed upon the hardship which would result to a servant , who being inrolled in a volunteer corps , quitted his master 's service , and went into another part of the country , and inrolled himself in another corps , whilst , in the mean time , he might probably be called upon to serve ( having been previously balloted ) in the militia or army of reserve . He thought that if a person inrolled himself in another volunteer corps , within one month after withdrawing from the former , he should be exempt from the effects of the ballot . said it was his intention to propose a clause relative to tills object . thought it but fair , if individuals were trained 24 days , and afterwards resigned , that they should not be liable to actual service in the militia or army of reserve , unless when the corps to which they previously belonged were called out into the field . explained , that the liability to serve referred in the first instance only to the filling up of vacancies . In cases where for non-payment of subscriptions or fines resignation is refused , an appeal , as the bill formerly stood , was to be given to the lords lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of different counties . saw great inconvenicies arising from this clause , if it were not materially altered . It would , in many cases , be necessary for officers of volunteer corps to go forty or fifty miles to attend an appeal , which would be a very great inconvenience . He proposed , therefore , to extend the right of appeal to magistrates and justices of the peace in the several divisions , sub-divisions , and places where the particular volunteer corps were situated.—The amendment was adopted accordingly . stated his intention to introduce a clause , the effect of which would be , to deduct one guinea from the two guineas to be allowed , from the allowance to corps which have already received an allowance of one guinea , on being called out into actual service . objected to this arrangement . He understood that 24,000 men had been already on permanent duty , and he thought 24,000 guineas a trifling consideration when compared with the benefits to be derived from these corps again assembling for the same purpose . These corps which had assembled on permanent duty , were , he believed , chiefly situate in those parts of the 732 country which were most open and exposed ; therefore , he thought they ought to be encouraged by bounties to assemble again on permanent duty , in order to render them still more perfect in discipline . They had also assembled at a time of the year when they had not half the means of attaining that perfection of discipline which they might have had at another period . With this view of the subject , he thought that no scruple ought to be entertained about expending 2 or 300,000 guineas for the attainment of so important an object as that increase of discipline in the volunteer corps , which would be attained by their assembling on permanent duty , No narrow economy ought to stand in the way of such an object so material to the defence of the country . said , that the corps which had already assembled on permanent duty , had not been called out for the purpose of learning discipline , but to perform