apprentice , or perhaps none , would feel themselves much hurt at being fined so heavily , when they really could not leave their business without the greatest inconvenience . But as to the power of ordering a member under an arrest for misconduct while under arms , he thought there could be no objection to it . said , that these regulations might be applied only to the corps who received pay . thought there was no occasion for further regulations , and therefore should object to these clauses . approved entirely of the ideas of Mr. Pitt upon this subject , and thought they were highly advantageous to the volunteer system . If he might presume to offer any thing in addition to that which came from so high an authority , it would be , that the point of discipline to which the clause referred , should be judged of by a military council in the way of a court martial , subject to the approbation of the commander of each corps . thought both the clauses which he had proposed , and those proposed by the rt . Hon . gent. , might be adopted , for they were not in the least inconsistent with each other . He approved of this system of imprisoning volunteers among themselves for the day , when they were under arms , if they had misconducted themselves in the ranks ; and he thought the ideas submitted to the committee by that rt . hon . gent , very good . He dissented from the mode in which Mr. Pitt 's clause proposed to levy the fines , but thought they should be submitted to a court martial , as had been hinted by a noble marquis : he thought also , that all these proceedings for fines and penalties should be subject to the approbation of the commander of each corps , & c. thought , that , generally speaking , it was impolitic to impose on volunteer corps any other fines than those which originated with themselves . said , that he had not so distinctly , perhaps as he might have , stated what he meant by misconduct of a volunteer under arms ; he did not mean general misconduct , for which the commander had power already to punish him , in some degree , by expressing displeasure , & c ; he did not mean to 833 give a general latitude to the commander to punish in the specific manner he proposed for general misconduct , but he meant to apply the punishment he proposed , if any volunteer underarms , should particularly misbehave , should neglect his arms and accoutrements , or cloathing , in any remarkable manner , or should behave himself indecently , or act contrary to most of the rules and regulations of the corps , then some punishment might follow , and that the punishment should be specific in order that there should be no doubt what the result must be of such misconduct . Perhaps the better way would be to take the clause of the rt . hon . gent , first , and then that his ( Mr. Pitt 's ) clauses might be brought up and read , so that the committee might the better understand the meaning of them ; which course was adopted . He proposed that persons misbehaving in the way he stated , should be imprisoned in their own corps for the day they were out , & c. That in some instances the fine should be as high as 5s . ; in others , no higher than Is . to be regulated by the fact , whether the party incurring the forfeit contributed to the poor 's rate or not , Mr. Pitt professed himself very happy to hear the sentiments of the noble marquis on all occasions , and particularly on the present . He did not entertain any doubt of the propriety of the court martial suggested by that noble lord , provided the sentence of the court martial was made subject to the approbation of the commander