. wished to know , whether the expense of the barracks now building , was to be included in the estimates just moved for . said , the expense of barracks was not one of those included in the estimates , which he had moved the house to order . brought up the report of the Committee on the expiring 46 laws . It was ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Sir Robert Buxton moved that , there be laid before the house an account of the quantity of strong beer , table beer , and small bee , brewed in this country and liable to duty , from the 5th Jan. 1802 , to the 5th Jan 1803.—Mr . Vansittart suggested the propriety of wording the motion in such a way as to enable the officers to whom the order was to be directed , to comply with the desire of the house , and with the wishes of the hon . baronet , which it would be impossible for them to do if the motion remained as it at present stood , as they could have cognizance of such beer only as actually paid the duty.—The motion , amended according to this suggestion , was put and agreed to.—The bill for preventing the desertion of petty officers and seamen was read a second time , and ordered to a committee oft he whole houle on Thursday next—Mr . Steele appeared at the bar , and informed the house that his Majesty had been waited upon with the address voted yesterday , for the production of certain estimates to the house , and that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to order the same.—Mr . Tierney presented a petition from the debtors confined in the county gaol of Surrey.—It was ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Adams brought up the account of the estimates of the ordinary and extraordinary expenses of the navy for year 1804 . Ordered that these estimates be taken into consideration on Friday next.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill to continue further the restriction of specie from the Bank.—Mr . Corry gave notice of a similar motion with respect to the Bank of Ireland . said , he thought it necessary to fix upon some specific day , beyond winch private petitious would not be received by the house , in order to prevent the inconvenience which frequently took place in consequence of the too long extension of the lime generally allowed for that purpose . He wished , however , to put off such limitation to such a day as should leave no room for complaints or excuse to any person desiring to petition , and he at the same time was anxious that it should be generally understood that no further time would be allowed . This arrangement he was urged to propose from a recollection of the trouble too often occasioned by the great overflow of private business at that period of the sessions , when a quantity of important public affairs was to be at- 47 tended to . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving , that the 24th of February next should be the last day fixed upon for the acceptance of private petitions . This motion was agreed to . a member of the Waterford Election Committee , rose to move that James Pedley , Esq . one of the members of the said committee , be excused his attendance on that committee , as his presence was necessary elsewhere , on accout of the death of a near relation , and private business of a very urgent nature . informed the hon . member that the usual mode of proceeding on such occasions , was , that the member who moved the leave of absence should come forward to the table , and state in writing the grounds upon which he rested his motion . That he should verify these grounds upon oath , and that then the house would decide on the propriety of acceding