assist them in any of these points ? Certainly not . After the time which ministers had taken to prepare the bill , it was natural to suppose that at least they would have considered the regulation they meant to propose ; but was that the case ? It now appeared , that in case of any attempt upon Ireland , and that an insurrection in that country should unfortunately be the result , all the volunteers of this country might be called oat , and placed under martial law , and must continue soldiers to all intents and purposes while that insurrection lasted ; was such a thing ever in the contemplation of the volunteers ? But it now seemed that it was to be given up , and certainly better late than never ; but this was the system ministers had always pursued with the volunteers ; they had done every thing to damp , to check , to harass them ; as soon as they were beat from one trench by the volunteers , they took post behind another ; and so they were beat out of trench after trench , and still they seemed determined to die as it were in the last ditch . This was the case with regard to the power of resignation ; upon this subject the chancellor of the exchequer had , as usual , no opinion ; however , he asked the attorney general , who it appeared had a wrong opinion : it was however circulated through the country by the ministers , who professed that they had at the same time an intention of bringing in a bill to give the volunteers a power of resignation , and they wisely wait- 942 ed till the decision of the Court of King 's Bench had rendered such a bill unecessary . First of all it was intended that the volunteers might resign , then the attorney general was of opinion that they could not resign , then the Court of king 's Bench determined that , they could resign , then the ministers bring in a bill professing to give them the power to resign , and then they insert a proviso in . this bill which in many cases will render it impossible for them to resign , and he had no doubt it would end in their giving up the proviso and saying they had a power to resign . He preferred going into the committee again , because there were many other objectionable clauses ; one of them was the clause which took away the exceptions if a man did not attend a certain number of days ; but it professed to restore the man to his exemption if he afterwards attended his full number of days ; but how was this possible if the corps had been out their full number of days ? Was the corps to be called out 8 or 10 days more , to give this man an opportunity of making up his regular number of days ? that could not be intended ; then it was mere deception to tell a man that it was in his power to recover his exemption . The clause which relates to contracts between masters and servants was equally liable to objection , because it would be a very serious thing in the country to take a servant away from a farmer for 40 days ; but that which related to apprentices was still worse . It was an undoubted point that the labour of the apprentice belonged to the master , but this bill took away the apprentice from his master for 40 days . But it would be said , that a compensation was given , and to whom was it given ? to the master who had a right to the labour ; no , to the apprentice , who was seduced and paid for neglecting his master 's labour . Another objection which had been taken by an honorable friend of his , and which had not been answered was , that which rendered the men of any corps liable