was in this instance to be levied , even though he should not possess 150l . per annum . Such a mode of levying the tax > operated directly to diminish the convenience of such property , and consequently to depreciate its value . 1l was , however , to be admitted , that the party had a remedy by an application to the commissioners for an abatement in every case , where his rate of income , or other circumstances , should entitle him to such abatement . But , when it was considered how onerous and operose such application must prove to individuals , he trusted the house would not object to the principle for simplifying the mode of col- 51 lecting the tax , by enabling holders of India bonds to include the interest thereof in the general statement of their income . He was the more confident of this , as the modifification would not interfere to any considerable amount with the income ; duty . The gross amount of India bonds , issued by the company , did not exceed 80,000 or 90,000l . the duty upon which , would of course be tinder 5000l . and not of sufficient weight with the house to induce it to with-hold a facility to the operations of a great commercial company , particularly as the just amount of the duty would not be eventually affected thereby . This was one object of his measure ; the other regarded the rate of interest which India bonds bear , with reference to the interest payable on Exchequer bills . The company was by law prohibited from giving more than five per cent , on their bonds , whereas Exchequer bills bore a rate of interest per day , which amounted annually to 5l . 6s . 6d . per cent . This circumstance rendered the property in India bonds , less desirable than other property capable of producing a higher rate of interest , and was of course injurious to the company ; besides , it was material that in time of war the bonds of the company should not be ousted from the market . Though the rate of interest had been limited by law , the noble Lord was sure it had never been in the intension of the legislature to place India bonds under disadvantages , to which no other public securities were liable . He was aware that it might be urged , that there ought to be some distinction , between the interests of the public and that of a commercial body , but he was confident the legislature would not look upon the India company as a body wholly mercantile . Their interests were so closely interwoven with the interests of the public at large , which was to enjoy a participation of their resources , that the public could not be a gainer while the company was a loser . His object , therefore , was , to enable the India company to give an interest on their bonds , not exceeding the rate of Interest which exchequer bills may bear at any time , in order that they may enjoy their fair proportion in the market for the circulating medium . He did not see any necessity to trouble the house further , he therefore should move `` for leave to bring in a bill to regulate India bonds , with regard to the rate of interest and duty payable thereon . `` —Leave given . after moving , `` that the several acts imposing a restriction on the issue of cash in the payments made by the 52 Bank be read , '' stated , that it was not his intention to preface the motion he meant to submit to the house with many introductory observations . There had , on a former occasion , existed considerable objections to the measure for confirming the order of council by which the restriction of the issues of cash from the Bank had been imposed . He was himself of opinion , that the measure was a wise one ; and whatever doubts