tendency ; that , namely , which would suppose , that unanimity in support of the country was unanimity in support of the ministers . There maybe some possibly , who think , as there are many , undoubtedly , who wish to have it thought , that the greater the dangers and difficulties of the country are , by whatever causes brought on , the greater must our acquiesence be in the ministry of the time being , and the more complete our forbearance of all that is usually called opposition . And if by opposition is meant a captious and vexatious opposition , an opposition on things of doubtful nature or inferior consequence , an opposition for the purpose of impeding ministers and making the government difficult to them , the opinion is certainly well founded . What it would be hard to justify at any time , must be wholly unjustifiable in circumstances such as those supposed . But 35 if there are persons , who think that of the danger here alleged as a reason for supporting ministers , the ministers themselves form the principal part ; that the preparations of the enemy , however menacing , would have little terror , if met with wisdom and ability ; that the seat of the evil is here rather than abroad ; that it is the weakness of the defence , and not the vigour of the attack that constitutes the danger ; that Buonaparte and his legions , however terrific , are not half so terrific as the little band which we see before us on the Treasury Bench ; if there are persons who hold these opinions , to such persons it would be idle to say , that , for fear of exposing the weakness or lessening the authority of ministers , they were to stand quiet spectators of what was passing , and were neither to attempt to prevent the mischief , nor point out the source from which they conceived it to proceed . Such is the situation in which I feel myself stand . I have no wish , and in one view certainly have no right , to speak with slight or disparagement of the abilities of the hon . gentlemen . Individually considered , they are all men of cultivated minds , of liberal education , of good natural endowments , not unread in the history of their country , not unpractised in its business , not unprovided with those talents and acquirements which are necessary for the conducting of business in this House . But if I am to speak of them collectively , as men forming the council which is to guide the affairs of a great empire , which is to rule the world in a crisis like the present , I must say , from whatever causes it arises , that they are weakness itself . I really believe the country will perish in their hands . I believe the hon . gentlemen will fairly see us out ; that we shall not outlive their administration ; that they will prove , as I believe , I once before took the liberty of remarking to them , the Angustuli in whose hands the empire will fall . There is an old joke which we may remember , of Cicero 's , who when some person had ceased to be Consul on the same day on which he had been made , observed , that the person in question might tell of a prodigy which few of his predecessors could boast , for , that the sun had never set during his consulate . I wish that something equally prodigious may not be found in the history of the hon . gentlemen , and that it may not be to be said of them hereafter , that their administration lasted as long as the country.—It is now just two yean and a few weeks since I felt myself compelled to say to them in this place , and upon something of a similar oc- 36 casion , namely , the first day of the meeting of