distinct charges , wherever the magnitude of the object , the circumstances of the case , and the time of the house would admit of them ; which latter consideration alone might , in 114 the multitude of charges liable to be made against the hon . gentlemen , be a reason against that course . But however this might be , it would be a whimsical rule to lay down , that unless these charges , or until these charges were brought , no observations were to be made upon the conduct of men in public stations , even where their conduct furnished , as in the case before them , an argument essentially interwoven with the subject in discussions The authority of ministers constituted , in the present instance , ail the public and parliamentary grounds which the house had to stand upon . It was of some consequence , therefore , to ascertain what that authority was 5 and no single instance could better illustrate it , than that which was afforded by the 23d of July . He was amazed at the account which government had finally resolved to give of that transaction . They had to chase between neglect and surprise . If they knew nothing or what was coming on , if they were really in the opinions , which they thought proper to profess , that all was tranquil in Ireland , and nothing meditating against the government , then they were surprized , and must I take the shame which belongs to that confession . It , on the contrary , they chose to disclaim this ignorance of the state of the country , and this want of information as to what was passing under their noses , then they must confess 3 degree of neglect , not merely disgraceful , but such as was in the strictest sense criminal To his utter astonihment they made their election for the neglect . Having the choice of two interpretations , being returned , as it were , for two places , the one which they chose , the one for which they finally took their seat , was that which put them in the situation of declaring , that knowing the mischief to be coming on , knowing that an insurrection was likely to take place , they calmly and advisedly suffered it to take its course , neglecting those precautions , which would hale said the life of ; the chief justice , and have put the city in a state of perfect security ; instead of leaving it , as they did , to be preserved by the merest chance from falling into do hands of the rebels . This account of the transaction , as I given by the hon . gentleman , was striking in the first instance , from the utter impossibility of reconciling it with known and acknowledged facts it was not very easy to understand , how that could be otherwise than a surprize , which found the lord mayor without notice ; the commander in chief without instructions , at least without permission . feely to act upon his instructions ; the troops , in part , without ammunition ; and 115 the lord lieutenant absent from the castle , He was prepared to say , that much of the ammunition supplied to the yeomanry ( troops that had their full share in what was done ) was not brought to them till after the action had commenced , and when there was the most imminent risk , that both the ammunition itself , as well as those who escorted it , would have been intercepted by the rebels . If this was not a surprize , he should be glad to know , what in the ministerial vocabulary was to be so denominated . But the account was not less singular , if adopted by the hon . gentleman , on any principle of choice . On what possible supposition was the lord lieutenant 's absence from the castle to be accounted for , it not on that of surprize , and of his