promise to be satisfactory , by fully gratifying the just curiosity of the House . But , if in the present case a committee of , inquiry were appointed , it must be a confidential committee , and it would be quite competent to ministers , although with some difficulty , to lay before such a committee , such materials as would be sufficient to convince their minds of the necessity which called for the measures under consideration ; but still the report could not afford to the hon . gentlemen , who were so anxious for the committee , the satisfaction they seemed to desire ; for such a report must necessarily be general as to the necessity , before it could go into such a specification as the hon . gentlemen demanded , without revealing the communication confidentially made to the committee ; a communication which would lead to the most serious mischief . There is in fact no detailed information upon this point , which it would not be injurious to publish : therefore , there is nothing which , consistently with prudence , the hon . gentlemen could obtain from the report of a committee , which they have not already ; namely , a. statement in general terms of that necessity , the pressure of which is quite manifest , and from these considerations I shall resist the preliminary which the hon . gentle-men wish for previous to giving their assent to die motion of my right hon . friend—With regard to the allusions made to the peace of Amiens , as at all tending to produce the present state of things , I will ever continue to repel the charge which upon that ground has so often been levelled at his Majesty 's ministers , and contend that very different consequences are deducible from that treaty to this which the right hon . gentleman who has just sat down , and his friends , are in the habit of ascribing to it . Ministers , I am confident , have never had reason to feel any regret for the advice which , upon the occasion of that treaty , they thought it their duty to offer to his Majesty.—With respect to the proposition before the House , I contend , that none of the objections advanced against it are tenable upon sound principles of reasoning , or upon precedent ; particularly upon the precedents of late years , when the melancholy necessity for similar measures has so often occurred.—There is one circumstance I have yet to mention , which , in my mind , is worthy of great attention . It 123 is rather singular , that in the last session of parliament , most of the gentlemen in this House belonging to Ireland , gave strong assurances , that the mind and disposition of the great mass of the Irish people were much improved and alienated from discontent and disaffection . From that opinion , however , one gentleman , and one gentleman only , dissented ; and it is now but three days ago , that the gentleman to whom I allude , ( Mr. J. C. Beresford ) took the opportunity of correcting his mistake , and declaring that his opinion had undergone a complete change ; and notwithstanding that alteration of sentiment , his observations strongly tended to enforce the necessity of the present bill . For although he says he is convinced of the improvement which has taken place in the public mind , yet he urges the adoption of this measure , as absolutely necessary to preserve the tranquillity of all the loyal people of property in Ireland . I beg pardon , Sir , for having detained the House so long upon a subject , which I could not imagine would have experienced so serious an opposition ; and I have only to state my conscientious conviction , that it is indispensably requisite for the present safety of that part of the United Kingdom . expressed his opinion upon the grand distinction which should be made between the civil and military code : that there was no