disposeablc force , and such an augmentation had been determined upon by his Majesty 's govt . ; it had not yet been put into execution , knit it was ready to be done to such an extent as might be deemed proper . The augmentation which had been already ordered , extended to the cavalry and to the foot guards ; the increase in the cavalry was about 3500 , and the foot guards above 2000 . In addition to this , it is proposed to raise 8 new regiments of 1000 men each , and 10 new battalions of 1000 men also each , to be added to 10 of the strongest of the old regiments : and this augmentation was to be connected with an augmentation which was to be made to the foreign troops in our service . It is perfectly well known , that there was in the last war , a very large body of foreign troops in our service : and it must be equally obvious that there are greater difficulties in recruiting that species of force now , than there was in the last war . The foreign troops now in our service he would take at 8000 men ; and in addition to tins WHS to be considered the levies now making in our American and West Indian possession , which I should estimate at 4000 men . If the louse should concur in the propriety of this addition to our regular force , then the next question to be considered is , 1st , by what direct medium you can effect and encourage that augmentation ; and , to what collateral means you can use in the attainment of that object . With regard to the 1st of these points , I hope that the House will not be dissatisfied with me if I do not propose any radical change in the construction of 1077 the army , if I do not now enter into the consideration of the question , whether it would or would not he right to introduce the principle of limited service into our army ? I by no means wish to contend , that this is not a question very well deserving of consideration ; it is one which I have considered , and upon which I have formed my opinion , and whenever the subject is fairly taken up , I have no objection to state it , but I am sure it is a subject which the House would not listen to , unless it had been previously considered by the military part of the administration . It is a subject that not only requires great consideration , but even , if it should be adopted , requires a great deal of time to carry into effect . It has been adopted in the Austrian service , that is to say , the principle was adopted immediately after the treaty of Luneville , but it was determined that it should not take effect till 1804 . But I am sure I need not state the material difference that subsists between the Austrian service and ours ; the Troops of Austria are all concentrated within herown continental dominions , and are not spread , as the troops of G. Britain necessarily are . Over distant continental possessions . With regard , then , to the direct means that we ought to adopt for encouraging and effecting this augmentation , my opinion is , after the best , consideration I can give ; the subject , that the best way would be 1o remove all competition with the recruiting service , and to put a stop to all great bounties , which were not only a great grievance , by obstructing the recruiting service , but encouraged desertion . This may be considered as a great admission on the part of Ministers , and as an acknowledgment of the justice of the reasoning which some gent , have always made use of . But I can not consider the question in that point of view , I think the measures adopted by ministers last year