to all fines and subscriptions agreed to by the majority . There were a great many other objections , but it was unnecessary to repeat them ; he had stated enough to shew the necessity of recommitting this bill . What situation would they stand in if this bill were to pass in its present form ? It would be this : that Parliament had now sat above 4 months , at a time when this country was threatened with the most formidable invasion that ever any country was threatened with , and that the only measure they had taken for the public defence was , that the volunteers should to exercised 20 days in the year more than before , for this was in fact the only essential 943 clause in the bill . What would the people think ? Would they no ! suppose , that the story of invasion was only invented to put them on their guard , and that Parliament did not seriously believe it ; for they could never suppose , that Parliament would hare thrown away so much time about this bill , if they really expected an invasion , without taking one step to recruit the army of to improve the army of reserve . The volunteers might be like a regular force , in bravery he was sure they would , but then the country would have nothing else , they would have no levy en masse to support them . Every strong arm , every willing heart in the country , that was not it a volunteer corps , would be completely useless in the hour of danger , and they would be in the situation described by a right hon . gent exclaiming , when the enemy landed , `` I am desirous to serve my country , but I know not what to do ! '' The volunteers ! were , certainly in a different situation , but he believed three-fourths of them had never fired with ball . He also understood , that in many counties they had not received above 14 or 15 rounds of ammunition ; and he instanced the county of Wilts in particular . He was one of those who did not think the danger so great as others ; but it certainly was an awful crisis , and he only begged the House to compare the danger with which we were threatened , with this bill , which was all that ministers had prepared to meet it.—The poet had well said , on another subject , `` he trembled , when he compared the punishment with the crime , '' —meaning how little the one was proportioned to the other . He would say a he , that he trembled , when he compared our danger with cur means of defence . It was impossible to make that comparison , and not to tremble . But , said Mr. Fox , I tremble less , because I do rely upon the volunteers , because I do believe that hot the constant bickering which ministers have had with them , not their fighting with them point after point , and being beat out of trench after trench , not all the contention and litigation which , ministers have had with them , not all the damps and checks which have been thrown upon them , not the refusing their zealous offers of service , not the neglect in furnishing them with ammunition ; I do not tremble so much , I say , because I do believe that even all these things can not destroy the spirit of the country , which will , I am sure , not only rise superior to every effort of the enemy , bin I am even sanguine enough to believe ( and I can not reach a higher climax ) that it will rise superior to the weakness , the incapa- 944 city , and the imbecility of the present ministers . adverted to the repeated and very diffuse discussions which had taker , place upon thee subject the bill had been twice re-committed , and