indispensable duty of Parliament . He had pledged himself already to several of his friends in private , and he now distinctly pledged himself to the public , that unless some noble lord of greater ability took up the subject , he should certainly feel it his duty to bring the subject of the affairs of Ireland under the serious consideration of the House . He wished to explain to the noble Secretary of State opposite ( Lord Hawkesbury ) , the views which he entertained en this subject , and the sentiments which he felt respecting the best mode of proceeding in the redress of Irish grievances . He begged leave to remind their lordships of what took place when the rebellion in Ireland , during the reign of Queen Elizabeth , was suppressed , It was then the advice of one of the greatest and wisest men that ever existed in any age of the world , ha meant lord Bacon , to her Majesty 's government , that they should appoint a commission to enquire into the existing grievances of the people , and to consider of the most effectual means of redressing them . This was sound advice , which every wise and humane government would be disposed to follow . Force might put down rebellion in the field ; but it was only the union of lenity and justice which could restore the alienated affections of a people behaving themselves to labour under hardships of a most grievous nature . This , his lordship said was the plan which he meant to recommend . He wished that a limited number of individuals . Members of 248 both Houses of Parliament , unconnected with Ministers , with Opposition , or with any party whatever , should be appointed as commissioners to collect full and accurate information respecting the real situation of Ireland . Uninfluenced by prejudices of any description , it would be their duty to examine things exactly as they were , and on their return to furnish a full and impartial report . By the adoption of such a plan as this , the . Parliament would have a fair opportunity of examining the subject of the affairs of Ireland , not on a partial , confined , and in some degree unintelligible scale , but on art ample and comprehensive view of the present circumstances of that country.—His lordship having thus explicitly I put the House in possession of his views , in case the subject was not taken up by other ; noble lords , sat down by declaring , that after the declaration of Ministers , and in the present absence of information , he could net , however reluctant he was to measures of severity , refuse his assent to the motion I with which the noble Secretary of State had concluded his speech . followed , and took occasion to animadvert strongly on the situation in which their lordships were called on , to pass bills of the nature which were now under their consideration . The fact was , that not a single tittle of evidence had been produced , to establish either their expediency , or , what was more important , their necessity . Ministers had called upon their lordships to pass bills , which they themselves allowed to be of a description only to be resorted to on . occasions of an extraordinary nature , without adducing a shadow of evidence , to prove that the situation of Ireland was such as to : require such proceedings . It was not to be forgotten , that such a call was not of a trivial or unimportant kind . It made an appeal I to their lordships of a description which demanded the most serious consideration . When tire question was , whether their lordships would pass a bill which would have the effect of literally putting about four millions of subjects out of his Majesty 's peace , he begged leave to ask , whether it was either decent or parliamentary to call on Parliament to consent to a measure of such magnitude , without