he would be graciously pleased to receive the same . at the bar , reported from the committee appointed to determine the merits of the petitions complaining of an un due election and return for the city of Waterford , that , pursuant to the permission of the house , that committee had adjourned from Wednesday to this day . That they had met consequently at three o'clock , when , finding that Francis William Grant , Esq . did not at tend , they had set for an hour , and then ad journed to half past four , directing the chair man to report the same to the house—The report was ordered to be brought up.—Mr . C. Dundas , as chairman of the committee , then moved , that the said F. W. Grant , Esq . be discharged from further attendance on that committee . In laying the grounds for this motion , he hoped the house would excuse him for stating briefly the circumstances of the case . It would be in the recollection of the house , that previous to the recess , a commission had been sent to Ireland for the purpose of taking evidence , which commission had been returned with the minutes of the evidence taken before the commissioners ; upon a due consideration of which the committee was to decide the merits of the petitions . It would also be in the recollection of the house , that towards the close of last session , an application had been made to the house , by the consent , and for the convenience of all parties , for permission to adjourn all further proceedings till the second day of the present session ; which permission the house hid thought fit to grant , and the committee had adjourned accordingly . This was a point upon which any member of the committee could not be ignorant , as it must have been equally known to all . On the second day of 41 this session the committee had met , with the exception of the honourable member , who was the object of the motion , when , on reporting his non-attendance to the house , they had obtained permission to adjourn further to this day , in the hope that the hon . member would attend in his place , and that they should hare the benefit of his advice in their proceedings . He , however , had neglected to attend , and in consequence the chairman thought it his duty , for the furtherance of justice , and in order that the committee might be enabled to proceed , to submit the motion he had made to the house , particularly as the provisions of the election laws authorised a committee , on an Irish petition , to proceed , though it should be reduced to nine members . hoped the house would not accede to the motion , unless very cogent reasons should be assigned for the absence of the hon . member . To discharge a member from his attendance on a committee , was an indulgence which the house never granted but upon very substantial grounds , and unless some conclusive reasons should be assigned in the present instance , he should feel himself under the necessity of dissenting from the motion . begged to be indulged , while he stated in justification of the hon . member what he knew of the cause of his absence . The hon . member was at present on duty with his regiment , which having been lately raised , required all his care and attention . He had not been aware of the order of the house which authorised election committees to continue , notwithstanding a prorogation of parliament , and had neglected to attend under an impression that such committees were necessarily dissolved at the end of a session . This was a fact which he could confidently state , as he had himself received a letter some weeks since from the hon . member desiring to be informed on the subject , which information he was