in some little degree , but it was stated beyond what the fact would wan ant . Seven thousand five hundred men had been received into die line from the Army of Reserve ; the ordinary recruiting in the same period had produced 6,791 men . The gross amount of recruits for the line was , therefore 14,291 men . This was enough to remove the impression that the recruiting of the line was confined to the army of reserve . The recruiting , compared with any former period , would be found not deficient . Last year , there was no recruiting for the militia , none for the army of reserve , and all the disbanded men and Scotch fencibles were open , 299 and there was no competition , yet no more had been obtained for general service last year than 7,294 men . From May to December this year , there were 6,791 of course the difference was only 503 , which was one-fourteenth of t he whole . was not satisfied with this comparison , because it did not take exclusively the months of August , Sept. Oct. and Nov. in each of the years compared ; because those were the months in which the Army of Reset be Bill was ballotted for , and when of coarse the high bounties for substitutes to serve in it operated . said , he should not make many observations on the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , although he should certainly make some . He did not mean to cast any censure on that right hon . gent. , or say thing as if any speech could be intended by him to give any advantage lo the enemy over us.—He was persuaded , that the right hon . gent was one of the last in the House , who weald use any curious expressions in argument for the sake of an advantage or for an apparent advantage in debate . He was persuaded , that the right hon . gent , did not wish to give our enemies any such , or any other advantage what ever ; but he had frequently had occasion to feel , that the views which the right hon . gent had of things that came under his consideration , and the consequent manner in which he expressed himself , had , although not so intended by him a tendency to the great disadvantage of the country ; for what he thought most useful , what he so thought , or he would not say it , the Attorney-General thought , in many instances , most disadvantageous to the country . If the question , now before the House , was a new question whether we should or should not , adopt a mode of defence by volunteer corps , there were hardly any limits of criticism , to which we should wish to stop the right hon . gent from entering 3 but when the volunteer system had been adopted to such an extent as it hid been , so that it must be in vain for any man to hope , that any observations could induce the House to abandon the system ; then it did seem to him to be not a very useful practice to dwell upon the de facts of such a system , but on the contrary , it appeared to him , that some mischief might result such a practice . If the volunteers were not such a force as the House could desire which he did not say was their description , but if , for the sake of argument , they were so allowed to be , could this sort of language respecting them be useful ? On the contrary , he would ask , if is was not most 300 prejudicial ? The condition of the volunteers should be attended to , many suggestions had been made concerning them , and they were most valuable suggestions , highly deserving of great consideration , as every thing must be that tended to ameliorate the condition of