more than two candidates , they of course meant to trick the third . When the third candidate arrived at Aylesbury , pursuant to the invitation already referred to , his carriage was dragged through the town , and at the house he stopped , all the voters inclined to sell their support to him were assembled , none being admitted but persons qualified to vote , and each received two guineas . The hon . Baronet , after commenting upon the turpitude of such conduct , observed , that in his judgment the House should be happy to avail itself of such cases to throw open those boroughs , and thus to advance towards that pure representation of the people , which some gents , had proposed to attain by other means that were not consonant with the free spirit of our constitution . This appeared to him to be the method by which Parliament might purify the representation of the people in that House ; and he declared , therefore , that he never gave a vote with more sincere satisfaction than that he felt in supporting the motion under discussion , approved of the motion , as he considered this to be one of those jobbing boroughs , all of which he should be happy to see thrown open . There any man , who had a few thousands to spend , might , however unknown to , or unconnected with the place , or however exceptionable in character , contrive , by a judicious application of that sum , to obtain his election . In such boroughs , from what he heard , he was disposed to believe , that there was generally an understanding between the partizans of the old and new candidates , the policy of both of whom it always was , and for obvious reasons , to create a contest . The only practicable way , as it struck him , of removing such scandalous artifices , was by opening these boroughs . said , that it was enough for him to know that gross bribery had been committed in the borough of Aylesbury ; that a select committee had , upon grave investigation , decided that such was the case , and had in consequence reported such proceedings to the House . He must think it incumbent upon him to vote in support of a measure , in the first instance , which purported to go to the prevention of a repetition of such practices . But he did not mean it to be understood , that by such vote he held 1015 himself pledged to the support of this or that measure : on the contrary , he positively and unequivocally declared , that he did not bind himself to any thing more than the support of a bill with a title such as the present , reserving to himself to express his opinion , whatever it might be , without any restraint whatever , in an ulterior stage of the business . Indeed , he confessed that there was some degree of ' doubt upon his mind with respect to the present case , as Robert Dupree , Esq , the witting member , had a charge laid against him , which was different in the case of the Cricklade and Shoreham elections . With the resolutions before them , which the House had received , he thought that they must see the propriety of admitting the bill which was then proposed . declared , in the most distinct terms , that he thought it becoming the dignity of the House that they should adopt some measure for the assertion of its own rights , and for the preservation of the freedom of election , in an instance where they were so flagrantly violated . But he could not , at the same time , refrain from expressing his disapprobation of a principle which had been laid down in the speech of the hon . gent , who said that the number of corrupt voters was not necessary to be looked to , for that he thought it was