the greater the force that could immediately be brought to act , the sooner would the enemy be subdued , and the less should we have to regret the loss and the disgrace of our enemy fixing himself in the heart of our territory . But , on the other hand , wishing that no effort should be unemployed , that no means of safety should be neglected , I am desirous that while we make provision for meeting the enemy the moment be touches the British soil , prepared to repel him from our shores , to charge him . as soon as he ascends the beach , we ought likewise to be ready , in case of necessity , to meet him with fresh armies , to overpower him with fresh armies , and even if it should be requisite , to bring army after army against ' him till he was finally discomfited . I , therefore , do not condemn the volunteer system , in the interior , in the utmost extent to which it has been carried : all I mean to say is , that it was calculated to be of great utility s and might have admitted a greater extension in those districts on which must fall the first 191 struggle for the independence of the country.—Having said so much on the volunteer system in general , I come now to consider by what means it may be rendered not merely a nominal force , not a pompous display to alarm the enemy with the multitude we can draw out against them , not merely a number of men upon paper , but an efficient and permanent force , always improving , always approaching nearer to the perfection 6f a regular military establishment.—As far as can perceive from the estimates submitted 10 the House , and from the opening of the hon . gent. , no provision is made for introducing any improvement into the volunteer system , or from securing greater benefits from it than we now obtain , or even for maintaining and securing those we already enjoy . Yet , with as much enthusiastic ardour for the volunteer institution , with as much admiration of the spirit and patriotism from which it sprung , as any man can boast , I must say that from all that I have seen , and all that I have heard from those most capable of observing and of judging , it does not appear to me that we should be doing justice to ourselves , that we should wisely and effectually avail ourselves of the means of safety within our reach , if we hesitated or delayed to render the volunteer system , what it is susceptible of being made , a system of solid , permanent defence , a source of great and extensive national energy.—Upon this part of the subject , I am afraid I must totally disagree with my right hon . friend . So far am from thinking that there has been any fault in endeavouring to introduce too much system into the volunteer institution , and to bring it near to the discipline and qualifications of a regular of my ; that I think too little has been done to promote what I consider a most desirable object . I can not agree with him , that the men who compose the volunteer corps Would be most usefully employed as a mass . If that were the case , all that Would be necessary would be enrolment , arras , and previous appointment of leaders . Even these , combined with the spirit and zeal of the brave people of this country might be ultimately sufficient to ensure us victory , but they would conquer amidst greater disadvantages , and at a greater expense . It was the object of the legislature , in the measures adopted last session for the public defence , to assist and to regulate the spirit and zeal of the country , and by the help and system of discipline and instruction to enable a smaller number to do that which a much