issues of the Bank of England had doubled , and those of the Bank of Ireland had grown to five times as much as they were at that period . It had been urged , that he was not consistent , in opposing this bill , since he was one of those with whom the measure originated . He owned the share he had in that . But he had contemplated it as a measure of necessity only , excused only by the peculiar circumstances which called for it . Because he had given it his approbation , first for a short period , then for the remainder of the last war , it did no ; follow that he was bound to prolong it during the peace , and afterwards again to the conclusion of the present war . And is it to be argued , that because he had recommended a temporary measure from necessity , he was to support it ever after ? He would submit to no such argument . And , if he had seen that this measure had produced great evil , and that the evil was increasing , he would say , that he was the mere bound to recommend the House now to recall it , for having been one to introduce it nor would he shrink from his duty , from the dread of being deemed inconsistent.—The noble earl used but one argument for the bill , which was , since the Bank of England Restriction Bid is passed , you must also pass this & He believed that was too true . But he would argue from that , the necessity of revising the whole measure , of reconsidering the whole system . The subject ; could not be too often , too much dwelt upon by their lord-hips It might be said , that the English . Bank Restriction Bill can not be 703 repealed this session ; this was no reason for dismissing the policy of the bill without discussion . No ore , he believed , would wish to see the bill rashly or hastily repealed . It must be done deliberately and with preparation . But their lordships might weigh the subject now and hereafter , and be prepared to re-establish the Bank on its old foundation , without any violation of their lordships rales.—The threat of ruin that menaced from the present situation of the country , as to its circulation , was great . The recurring to the old system was the only road of safely . The ablest writer on subjects of this nature , who had reduced the chaos of maxims to a philosophical order and luminous principles , Dr. A. Smith , had said , there were two sorts of paper , distinct in their character from each other ; the former , by which the great dealers carried on their traffic ; and the oilier , by which the consumer bought of the small , dealer . When the latter paper , he adds , comes to be prevalent , the ration is in great danger ; and if , in such a case , it be invaded , it is impossible to contemplate the consequences without horror . The case put by this great man seemed to be nearly completing . In Ireland , the depreciation of the circulation is already very great ; here there are symptoms of depreciation of the circulation . There is nothing to be seen between the consumer and dealer but paper . What Dr. Smith deprecated has arrived in part , and the rest is hastening on.—Need he inform their lordships why the able writer spoke with such terror of an invasion , with such previous circumstances ? it is because the only medium by which the great bulk of the nation , the labouring people , can procure bread , in such a case , is a paper circulation , which is annihilated instantaneously by an invasion . Suppose the enemy landed , and in possession of a town on the sea coast , which has a bank , the centre of