troops in Ireland afforded every facility , and it was the more necessary to have this tribunal liberally constituted , as it took the individuals out of the cognizance of the other courts . The objection of the hon . gentleman , on the score of passions , amounted to nothing more than the general evil of human infirmity ; and if it was to be regarded , we could not have a judge or juror against whom objections could not be made . His objection was to die ; preamble , which took so wide a range , that robbing a hen-roost might be construed into an act of rebellion . The hon . gentleman had observed on a former night , that angels could not be trusted with arbitrary power : his present opinion went to say , that after twenty-one , it lost its corruptive nature . said , there appeared to him to be two reasons held out for voting the present measure one was , the late insurrection in Dublin . If the hope expressed in his Majesty 's speech , and the address in answer to it , was to be . relied on , it was a measure of precaution . Precaution against what ? Was it against rebellion , against insurrection , against dissatisfaction in the people against the government ? No . If he were to exercise his own understandng , he would say it was not a precaution against fear , or against danger , but against the confidence and hope expressed by his majesty 's ministers . Bearing in mind the sad and calamitous consequences which attended this measure when it first passed , he could not approve of the continuance of it and he wished to give it this decided mark of his disapprobation . The question being put , the clause was negatived . On the question , that the bill be read a third time to-morrow , rose , not to oppose the bill , though his Majesty 's ministers gave no satisfactory reason why it should pass , but to give notice that he should on an early 145 day , the earliest he could after the recess , move for the production of certain papers , which he hoped would clear away the imputation which , from something that had been said on a former night , now very unjustly rested on the character of the late commander in chief in Ireland ( General Fox ) . called on the hon . admiral to state . said , he alluded to what the chancellor of the exchequer said , `` that the commander in chief had early intelligence of the intended insurrection on the 23d July . '' denied having used these words . A gentleman , who spoke in the early part of the debate on the night he alluded to ( Mr. W. Elliot ) having said , that no instructions had been given to the commander in chief , no communication made to the lord mayor ; he had said , that instructions had been given to the lord mayor through the superintending magistrate , a police officer well known to the hon . gentleman . He took the earliest opportunity of declaring , that he had not the most distant idea of casting any imputation on the officer alluded to , nor had he heard , except irons the hen . gentleman , that there was the smallest idea that any imputation was supposed to exist . He was sure , that whenever the conduct of the late commander in chief in Ireland , came to be considered , it would be found as free from blame , and as creditable to that deserving officer , as any other part of the conduct of the Irish government was , to the general credit which the conduct of that government had obtained . —The right hon . gentleman has mistaken me . I did not mean to say , that I conceived any imputation against that meritorious officer from the words that he spoke : yet , I do think ,