neglect or want of exertion since the breaking out of the war . But , I am not the less of opinion , that the ministers were , in the highest degree culpable , for not having long ago enabled 266 that department to fill the arsenals ; and , it is a notorious fact , that much less than two months ago , nay , at the very period ( I mean Michaelmas ) when , by the general Training Bill , as first brought into the House by his Majesty 's ministers , all exercising and drilling was to have been suspended till Lady Day next , not one half of the volunteers ; were armed . Another precaution , which , the situation of this country , after the peace of Amiens , naturally suggested the propriety of adopting , but which appears , during that period , to have been wholly overlooked , is ; that of defensive works : and no man , I think , will deny , that if these had been commenced , as they ought to have been , during the peace , our coasts would now have been in a state of much greater security , than any which they can derive from such imperfect works as have since been hastily thrown up . No man , for instance , can doubt that the towers mentioned on Friday by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) or other works possessing the properties of these towers , I mean security against assault , would afford much more effectual opposition to disembatkation , than can be expected from low I and weak batteries , which may be easily taken possession of by the enemy 's infantry . These , Sir , and other such measures of defence and precaution , would probably not have been neglected by his Majesty 's ministers , if they had been recommended , as no doubt they would have been , by such a council as I have proposed ; because , as I have before observed , the neglecting to attend to the advice of such a council ( recorded as it would be on their minutes ) would have thrown upon ministers a greater degree of responsibility than attaches to the not adopting the advice of any one man , however elevated his rank.—It will be said , I suppose , that all these measures would have been expensive , and that it was , therefore , advisable to practise economy , to keep up the funds , & c. a mode of reasoning which , does not deserve an answer . But , what will be the excuse for having neglected those precautions which were not attended with any expense ? If it was foreseen , as it certainly must have been , that a rapid increase of the regular forces , and a great armament of the people would be necessary , why , at least , were not those laws prepared at leisure , which , when a rupture took place , it would become the duty of government to propose to Parliament for the carrying these measures into effect ? As an excuse to the imperfect state in which the different bills were brought forward , it is said , that they were framed under the pressure of critical 267 circumstances , and that such a system could not be expected to be made perfect at once . Now this , which they allege as an excuse , is , in fact , the very ground of my charge against them . Their dafence , in this case , like their justification of the Irish government , only makes the matter worse ; for , I ask , why were these ; measures hastily framed tinder the pressure of critical circumstances ? Why were they not maturely considered and digested before the renewal of a war which must have been foreseen ? —A most serious evil resulting entirely from the mistakes committed in drawing up these bills is , that we now have nearly 400,000 men exempted from the