a colonel of militia , must know that the description of officers recommended by the hon . gent , were most essential . But as the volunteer laws now stood , few could avail themselves of this benefit . For himself , he knew the want and the benefit of them by experience . Others. , he was sure , were in the same predicament . said , there was this general regulation at present to render the volunteer corps complete and effective ; that the corps would be disbanded , and the compulsory clauses resorted to , if they were not filled to the amount required by his Majesty 's government . This was the standard which it was thought fit to adopt at present . Several other regulations may be useful , but ha thought better not to press them now . He did not think his Majesty 's ministers would be justified in entering at once into the expense which would be required for the measure recommended by the hon gent . It was the best way to commence with an expense as low as possible , which could be increased if that was found necessary , whereas , if we communed with a high expenditure , which we afterwards found we could not reduce , the improvement could not be made without the evidence of our actual loss . He begged also to impress the point urged by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) last night , that it would be impossible to furnish such a number of officers from any ; army so much drawn upon already There were 1500 corps , and if an adjutant were to be allowed to each at 100l . a year , the ex-pence of this alone would be 150,000l . Permanent pay should not be given unless permanent duty was performed , and in the country these things were not always performed in the strictest manner . He hoped every measure would be taken which would tend to render the volunteer army effective , but he hoped that gent , would not press the introduction of anything into this bid but the single principle on which it was founded . concurred in what had fallen from his hon . friend , and in a great measure with what had fallen from the hon . gent , over the way ( Mr. Curwen ) . He concurred in the principle of what had been proposed last night , as far as it was consistent with other principles , and parti- 239 cularly that of carrying with ns the feelings of the volunteer officers , and the volunteer corps . The suggestion of the propriety of brigading the corps had his concurrence ; but he doubled whether the introduction of field-officers , whatever advantage it may give in respect of discipline , could be reduced to practice . He fared it would hurt the feelings of the commanders of corps , that it would tend to diminish their respectability in their own opinion , and to impair the respect and influence whit h , on very just grounds , they at present have with their corps . He agreed that every facility should be given to the introduction of adjutants and serjeant majors ; at the same time , as the whole of these subject required consideration , he wished that these points should not be pressed now , and that the present bill should not be incumbered with any thing extraneous . Every one concurred in the propriety of every thing that could improve the discipline of the volunteers , without violating their feelings.—The question being put , leave was given to bring in the bill , which was read a first time . On the question for the second reading , in answer to a question from Sir W. Milner , who said that doubts existed on this point , the Attorney General stated from the acts , that of last session being to be understood with reference to the act of the session before , that all corps whose services were accepted by his Majesty , were