service , their commanders shall have only the same power which belongs to the colonels of regular regiments . He proposed that in case any volunteer shall be aggrieved by unjust dismissal , he shall have the power of appeal to his Majesty , with whom it shall rest , if sufficient grounds appear , to order a court of inquiry to be summoned on the case by the lord lieut . of the county in which the corps of the appellant may reside , and upon the result of such inquiry shall depend the confirmation or rejection of the dismissed volunteer ; the lord lieut . to have the reinstating the man in his corps , if the judgment of the court of inquiry should be in favour , and also the power if he see fit to remove the officer , the latter subjected to his Majesty 's approbation . renewed his objection to this clause , as conferring too great a power upon the commanders of volunteer corps , by enabling them in effect to press men into the militia or army of reserve , for the most trifling cause . The idea of a vindictive court of inquiry , to be obtained by the means proposed , he considered as not at all a sufficient protection to the volunteers against the abuse of this extraordinary power . The dismissal ought , in his judgment , to be preceded rather than followed by a court of inquiry . argued that the power which the clause proposed to confer was great , but he contended that the court of inquiry , described by his right hon . friend , would be a sufficient check upon the exercise of that power . thought that the amendment of `` other good causes , '' rendered the specifications which preceded than altogether superfluous . considered the mode of appeal proposed the best that offered . As to the principle of allowing commanding officers of volunteer corps , the power of discharging their men , the colonels of all the regiment in the army had a similar power , and it was essential to military discipline that such a power should be vested in them . If a volunteer commander should discharge a man without just reason , such man could have his redress . begged to set the noble lord right . The colonels of regiments had not She power , of their own sole will , to discharge their men without any previous trial or court of inquiry ; at least it was a power that was never known to be exercised . The clause before the Committee , therefore , proposed to confer a power on volunteer commanders far exceeding that possessed by any other description of officers . He argued that a volunteer commander should be obliged to state his reasons for discharging a man , or otherwise the mode of appeal proposed against the abuse of his power , would be quite impracticable . He ridiculed the idea of declining , from the pretext of humanity , to make it imperative on those commanders to state their reasons for dismissing any volunteer . said , that in the course of his service he had never known an instance of a colonel of any regiment discharging a man from the service on his own authority solely , as the noble lord on the treasury bench asserted . suggested that an appeal to the lord lieut . for a court of inquiry upon any discharge might be allowed , provided the discharge were for any other cause than those specified iii the clause , namely , for badness of character , for instance , which was a good ground for discharging a man , although it would be proper , in such a case , to oblige the commanding officer publicly to state as a reason . The mode of appeal supplied in the amendment of the right hon . gent , he considered nugatory and objectionable in principle . proposed an amendment that after the words `` that it shall be lawful for such commanding officer , ''