mercy , beholds these his prerogatives up holden by the unqualified approbation of his people . But , Sir , the same spirit of legislation which declared that the prerogative of the crown could not operate to the injury of the subject , has also wisely attached an awful responsibility upon ministers for the fit execution of that prerogative ; and , among the various duties incumbent on the members of this House , that of not suffering this responsibility to be evaded , imperiously demands their most watchful attention . I am decidedly of opinion , that the illustrious personage in question , being at this moment appointed to an ostensible command , would bring great additional strength to the public cause , and that ministers in neglecting to advise his Majesty to this moasure , are highly censurable.—I can not conclude without de- 234 claring , that I give my most unqualified support to ' the vote now proposed , as I have done to every measure deemed necessary to strengthen and support his Majesty in the present arduous and necessary contest in which he is engaged , and in which I rejoice to perceive he has already received the cordial co-operation of every description of his subjects . respectively spoke in explanation , relative to some points which had been discussed in an early part of the debate—Mr . Windham and the Chancellor of the Exchequer also spoke , severally in explanation.—Mr . Pitt , in further explanation observed , that a sufficient number of field officers for the purposes he had mentioned with respect to volunteer corps could without difficulty be obtained . He did not mean persons who should hold that rank at the time of their coming to those corps ; there were a number of persons of the rank of captains , of a certain number of years standing , who would be fully competent to the purpose , and would make very respectable field officers.—The questions were then put , on the different resolutions moved by the Sec . at War , as well as those moved by the Sec . of die Ordnance Department , all of which were severally agreed to by the Committee . The House then resumed , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday.—The Committee of Ways and Means , and the other orders of the day were then deferred till Monday , and at 3 o'clock the House adjourned . brought up the report of the commitee of supply . The resolutions were agreed to nem . con—Mr . Secretary Yorke presented an abstract of the volunteer corps accepted by his Majesty subsequent to the 10th of August last . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Corry presented the annual petitions and estimates from the Irish charitable institutions . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Corry wished to give notice , that on Monday he would move the 235 usual grants for those institutions , pursuant to the act of union . After some remarks from the Speaker on the shortness of the notice , it was stated by Mr. Corry , that there was the same interval between the notice and the motion as last year ; and by the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the sums and services were the same as last year , and every year , as provided for by the articles of union ; and , therefore , that the House was already in possession of the subject . On these grounds the notice was allowed to stand . in pursuance of the notice he had given yesterday , rose to move for leave to bring in a bit to explain and amend the acts of 42 and 43 GEO . III . so far as they related to the exemptions to be enjoyed by volunteers . From what he had heard in the House yesterday , and what he had learned from other sources , he knew that much difficulty existed in the interpretation of these acts . It was indeed hardly to be expected that every person should hue read them over ,