indeed , the measure was confined to the removing of all the horses and draft cattle . This latter , if completely effected would be a most important advantage , and would certainly embarrass the enemy to the greatest degree ; and I have no doubt that it may be accomplished , if nothing further be attempted : but if we undertake a general driving of the country , the probabi- 972 lity is , that the confusion it will occasion. , may terminate in our allowing even the horses and draft cattle to fall into the enemy 's hands.—With respect to the measure of destroying provisions , I do think that it would be indeed disgraceful to adopt so barbarous a system of defence as this ; and that by so doing , we should inflict upon ourselves far greater evils than even the enemy , if properly opposed , would be able or would venture to inflict upon us . Sir , I am sorry to have taken up the time of the House upon subjects that have been so often discussed ; but they are so important that I could not consistently with what I feel to be my duty , omit this opportunity of reurging my opinions upon them . rose . He confessed that he felt no surprise at the uneasiness which Ministers betrayed by their cry for the question to get rid of the measure before the House . It had certainly given them much trouble , and was likely to give I them and the country much more . They might , however , state , as a justification for the silence which they seemed willing to preserve upon this occasion , that all the arguments used by his hon . friend who had just sat down had been advanced before . This might be for the most part true , but he would ask , whether those arguments had ever been answered , and whether they did not remain entirely unrefutad ? If so , then , they ought to be repeated , in order , if possible , to persuade the pertinacious adherents of this dangerous system to yield to their force , and to resort to measures more consonant to wisdom , and better calculated to secure the safety of the country . But , perhaps , Ministers had exhausted their eloquence upon this subject , by the four-and-twenty new clauses which they had introduced , and being tired of amendment and re-amendment , of commitment and recommitment , of propositions and recantations , were anxious to send the measure out of the House , without any more words about it . To their wishes , however , he was not disposed to yield , and as this was perhaps the last opportunity of speaking upon this bill , he would avail himself of it to enter his solemn protest against a measure which he thought , if persisted in , would lead to little short of absolute ruin . This sentence , however harsh , he could not hesi- 973 tate to pronounce , as the full conviction of his mind . The Mouse , he observed , had never yet taken a distinct view of the question . One way of shewing what the question was , was to shew what it was not . It was not a question between volunteers and no volunteers ; between a system such as was now proposed , and no system at all ; between the present bill and a total absence of that force to which the present bill was meant to apply . Any gent , might easily satisfy himself upon that point , by only considering whether he should suppose , if the present bill had never been brought in , that all volunteer force would have ceased . The bill , there-lore , was not necessary to the existence of a volunteer force ; its object both was and professed to be , to improve a force of that description which already subsisted , and which would continue to subsist though no such bill should be brought