, in which they had been employed . It would not be necessary for him to trespass on the attention of the house , by enumerating the various instances of fraudulent arrests for civil actions , or the many pretended criminal charges , under colour of which , seamen had been removed from the authority of their naval officer , and then set at large , to the manifest injury of his Majesty 's service . The measure , he proposed , would correct this abuse altogether and he felt great satisfaction in assuring the house , that it would not interfere with the rights , nor infringe the privileges of any description of men . It would leave the seaman , who might be improperly impressed , in the same situation as to his habeas corpus , m which he now stands ; and it would not weaken the claim of creditors , nor trench upon their just and legal rights . It would leave the arrested seaman , in the same situation precisely , as to service , in which lie stood before the arrest , as its principal object would be to secure his return to the service to which he may have belonged , as soon as the action should be satisfied . The principal object of the measure he meant to introduce , was to make sheriffs responsible for the return of such seamen as should be arrested under their authority , to the service , instead of being left at large on their release from the arrest . It was to be obligatory on the sheriff , in such a case , to convey the seaman , within a reasonable time , and for an adequate compensation , to the nearest port , and give him up to the port-admiral , or regulating captain , commanding there . The consequence of this regulation would be an essential benefit to the seaman , who would be conveyed back , to his ship free of any expense . With regard also to seamen fraudulently arrested , the bill would have a most salutary effect , as it would effectually prevent my future perversion of the process of the law , to cover the desertion of persons Serving in his majesty 's navy . These were the leading features of his measure , and , he trusted , the house would concur with him in 44 its expediency . He therefore should move for leave to bring in the bill . Leave was given.—Mr . Jarvis then brought up the bill , which was read a first time , ordered to be read a second time on Tuesday next , and to be printed . wished to be informed by the Secretary of the Treasury , whether there was any intention to bring in a bill to simplify the act of last session , relating id this tax . Much difficulty was , at present felt , in making out the returns ; and it was therefore extremely desirable , that it should be decidedly stated , whether any alteration was to take place in the standard by which the return was to be regulated , and the manner in which it was to be made , as the act now stood . said , he had no intimation from his majesty 's ministers , that any alteration was to be made in the act alluded to by the worthy Alderman . On the contrary , he understood it to be their intentions , that , for the present , the returns should be made , according to the act , as it now stood 5 and that this should be continued for one year , in order to afford a full and fair trial to the present system . The whole of its faults and deficiencies , which would then be perfectly understood , may be then corrected by one bill , which would be much better than to trouble Parliament at present with separate bills on every supposed and ill-conceived difficulty or imperfection . expressed himself satisfied with the answer given by the honourable gentleman