Treaty of Amiens , and says , then we ought to have made out our plan for keeping up the army . Whenever I hear the assertion of our reducing the army made , I must contradict it None but a body of 7,000 , partly invalids , were reduced ; but of all the regular infantry of the country only 3,000 . I aver that , subsequently to that treaty , I thought that peace would last , but that its duration would be entirely dependent on our strong establishment , and the consciousness of our own security . The right hon . gent . spoke of our `` thread '' of naval defence ; but surely the observation of the hon . member opposite to me , confutes that remark by his praise of the fleet off Brest.—Mr . Addington , after several remarks , noticed the project of a responsible military council . Many respectable persons wished for such an establishment when it was first proposed , who have now almost generaly changed their sentiment It would la the foundation of weakness , and destroy ail hope of distinction , all just and generous responsibility , which H. R. H the Duke of York charges on himself , and would produce distraction and imbecillity.—But there was another subject of still greater delicacy , to which the hon . gent , referred ; that of the first subject of the realm not being in a situation which he thought due to his exalted rank , and which H. R. H. himself desires . When this subject was before mentioned , I stated that no authority short of his Majesty 's commands , or the joint authority of this House , should compel me to say one word on that subject . Since that , nothing has intervened . But I really can not account for the silence of the hon . gent , on this subject , last war . Nothing , however shall make me change , but what I have described.—As to the charges of vacillation and confusion , they are utterly on-founded . With respect to the gallant officer alluded to , late commander in chief in Ireland , I see no complaint against General Fox : the best proof of which is , his subsequent appointment . Sir R. Abercrombie returned , it is true , from Ireland , but that left no discredit on that brave general . Nothing but ignorance of the subject could indace gentleman of he hon . member 's Candour and sagacity , to attach any blame to the Irish civil or military government . All he incolpations of persons in either department , I aver , are unfounded , and if enquiry can be made it will redound to their honour.—Mr . Addington concluded 228 with expressing his hope , that the proposition , of which notice had been given , might not be pressed . He was sure the proposition came from one who was a sincere friend to the volunteer system , and he felt the force of many remarks which had been made . As to the exemptions , a right hon . friend of his would bring in a bill on that subject . —With respect to the impenetrable silence of the right hon . gent . unless on condition of his Majesty 's command , it might be well , perhaps , if he had extended that discretion to the case of Ireland also . He is asked , if the government of Ireland did not express a wish for the recall of the commander in chief . He does not say , I never knew of such a wish , but `` I see no complaint against General Fox . '' This is no answer whatever , and the right hon . gent , had better have wrapped himself up in state silence , than have made any such reply . To evade is next to saying nothing . He is silent as to the Prince of Wales ; as to the affairs of Ireland he evades the question . How is