the presumption could rarely exceed the reality of the fact.—In other points of view , the volunteer system , as now eon-ducted , was seriously to be considered . On the occasion of a general election , for Instance , when corps might set up candidates of their own , or espouse the cause of one or oilier of those already declared ; how was the rule to be applied of sending , during an election , armed mm out of the town ? It would be , in fact , to send the town out of itself . To the plan of his right hon . friend he must decidedly object . It was enforced , as it was sure to be , with great eloquence and ingenuity but—materiem superabit opus . The suggestions themselves were not the more judicious , because they were set forth with great ability . However he might wish to have the energy of the country displayed upon adequate occasions , he did not wish it to be rendered a military country . Even if that were the purpose , the way to accomplish it would not be to render every man a soldier . Those countries in which the system was pursued of making ail the citizens soldiers , were , in fact , the countries that were least military . France , Austria , Prussia , all the great military countries , pursued a totally different course . Swisserland , if in some sense a military country , was not military in virtue of its militia , but from the number of its inhabitants who had acquired experience in foreign service . Geneva , in which that was not the case , but in which every citizen was enrolled in the militia , was certainly not a military state : and the . same was eminently true at this moment of America . Ministers should seriously set about the great work under consideration , and atone for past neglect , by sedulously labouring to create an effective force , which could cooperate with , or support the regular force of the country , when the urgency of the occasion should require . said , he had heard nothing in the speech of the last right hon . gent , that differed materially from what he had urged so often before ; and that with respect to the ill effects of the volunteer system on other branches of service , he had by no means in any respect established that point . As for the discipline of the volunteer corps , certainly there was no man who would contend for the propriety of attempting to give them all the perfection of regular troops , but , on the other hand , there was equal impropriety in being too lax and inattentive to their discipline . There was certainly a medium to be observed in such a case . On the 556 question of irregulars , he recollected very well the case of a body of armed peasants in Suabia , during the war between France and Austria , which did great annoyance and mischief to the French armies , particularly when defeated ; or distressed from any local circumstances . But he could not avoid observing , that the first levce en masse in France , which was employed early in the late war , was of a description coming much nearer our own volunteers , and were a much more , efficient force than the Suabian peasants , They very generals who had commanded , those French soldiers declared out volunteers to be equal to them . As to political danger , he was quite insensible to any thing of the kind . When he considered the purity of views with which they were embodied , the mode of appointing their officers , and how they were all connected with the Crown , and that they could exist no longer than Parliament thought their services were required , he could not possibly see any ground of danger.—His lordship then condemned , in marked terms , the conduct pursued out of doors ,