. being an excess of 9 per cent . above the mint price . He knew that there were other causes which might produce a temporary effect on the price of bullion ; but he considered this uniform and unexampled increase of price , corresponding , as it did , with the increase in quantity of Bank Notes , and the depression of foreign exchanges , as affording a decisive evidence of misconduct in the Directors of the Bank . His lordship illustrased this position by a great variety of calculations and details . He said , that he should propose an amendment to the bill , calculated to give publicity to the proceedings of the Bank , which might operate as a salutary check upon the Directors . He proposed , that the Directors should be obliged to publish quarterly , in the London Gazette , during the period of the restriction , an account of the amount of their notes in circulation on the 25th of each of the three preceding months . By comparing the amount of the notes with the bullion price of silver , and the state of foreign exchange , the public would be enabled to judge at the time , whether the abuse was increasing to any pernicious extent . His lordship concluded by moving a clause in the Committee to this effect . deemed it unnecessary to follow the noble lord , through the greatest part of what he had advanced , as being partly applicable to the principle of the bill , which was not then under discussion , and as partly foreign from the subject regularly under consideration : there existed , however , a great and an obvious necessity for the present measure : the bill proceeded on similar grounds with that of 1798 and at least an equal necessity existed for the Restriction now as then . The period of he present bill was somewhat different from that of the above year , and was in its nature more definite . He differed from the 155 noble lord as to the onuses assigned by him for the unfavourable state of the Exchange at different periods . He had some serious objections to the adoption of the regulation proposed by the noble lord ; first , there was no such provision deemed necessary in any of the former bills which had been enacted on the subject , though any reasons which might now apply for its adoption , obtained at former periods in equal force.—Secondly , as the Bank Directors had never , in the smallest degree , abused the discretionary power vested in them , they were , on the contrary , always most willing to come forward with every necessary information on the subject , and they never shrunk from any inquiry whatever . He additionally objected to the proposition , as it would tend ( though perhaps such a thing might not be in the noble lord 's contemplation ) to reflect upon the Directors , a body who , so far from meriting any reflection upon their conduct , had uniformly discharged the trusts reposed in them with prudence , caution , and circumspection . However , the House would be aware , that in negativing the motion of the noble lord , neither he , nor any other peer , was precluded from coming forward at subsequent periods with motions for specific information upon the subject ; and , indeed , such proceedings had taken place , in many instances , on the suggestions of members of both Houses of Parliament . On the whole , he deemed it his duty to oppose the noble lord 's motion . observed , in reply , that if he had not been fully understood by the noble lord , he had no difficulty in distinctly stating , that he imputed blame to the Bank , and it was on this account that he had moved the amendment . He thought that the principle of publicity would be better secured , and the Bank Directors more effectually admonish ed of the importance of their trust , by