the objection , and it might properly come under the cognizance of the Committee . Had gentlemen , however , perused the words of the act , they must at once have seen how unfounded these observations were . The clause was peremptory and clear . It first declares shat no proceedings should be held under the petition , unless the persons by whom it was signed had therein asserted their claim to the right of voting at that election . And secondly , imposes a personal obligation on them , within fourteen days , to enter into the proper recognizances . If such were not entered into , the Speaker was directed to report the same to the House ; and on such , report , the order for taking the petition into consideration was immediately to be discharged . It was clear that in neither of these cases was the point to go before the Committee for their decision , because no discretion was even left with the House as to those particulars . On the report of the Speaker , that the petitioners had failed to enter into the recognizances required , would it be contended that the House was entitled to exercise a discretionary power ? To say that they knew the petitioners ' credit to be such , that there was no necessity for recognizances being entered into , and that therefore the petition might still be entertained ? They unquestionably could not . All discretionary power was then gone from them , and the petition must be discharged . The whole question for the consideration of the House at present was , did such words occur in the petition as warranted them , under the enact- 414 ment of the statute , in entertaining it ? It was no answer to say , that they had proceeded for fourteen years , without attending to the statute . Now that the point was brought before them , they were bound to determine it . The only question was as to the words of the petition . He should therefore suggest to the honourable mover to alter his motion , and put in it this form , `` Dots the petition contain words suficiently expressive of the requisition in the stalute , that the petitioners therein claim to have a right of voting at that election ? '' said , lie agreed with the honourable gentleman who spoke last , that that would be the fair way of stating the question , and if it were so put , he should have no difficulty in saying , that the petition did substantially comply with the act , and upon that ground he should give his vote against the motion . With regard to whether the Committee had a right to discuss : this point or not , he should not enter into that consideration at present , but should give his vote upon the ground he had already stated . expessed his surprise at the extraordinary nature of the arguments adduced on the other side . He was concerned to see so much indifference prevail on a question of so much importance , and that gentlemen had so completely lost sight of the question before them . It was not what was justice to this or that party which they were called on to determine , but what was the duty incumbent , in such a case on that House . An , hon . relation of his ( Mr. Grenville ) had said , that the intention of the act was to restore to the House the rights which it possessed previous to the statute of the 10th of the King . Whatever might have been the intention of the Legislature in this respect , he maintained , however , that such intention it had not carried into effect . The Legislature had there clearly and explicitly prescribed and laid down to the House , how they were to act , and had invested them with no discretionary powers whatever.—Another hon . and learned gent , had admitted the necessity of some statement , similar