say , the real price at which it was exported was 25 , 30 , and even 40s . per cwt . In estimating the amount of the exports of a country , it was necessary to look to the real value , because that was the amount of the money that came into the country as the price of the article . With regard to pork , which was perfectly well known to be another great article of export from Ireland , the official value was 19s . per cwt. , whereas the real price at which it was exported was 30 , 33 , and even sometimes up to 65s . per cwt . Butter , which was another great article of export , was stated according to official value at 42s . per cwt. , whereas , in point of fact , it was exported at 70 , 80 , and even 105 per cwt . It was , therefore , a very unfair means of ascertaining the trade of a country to look merely to official value . It was true , that the real value of the imports was greater than the official value , but not in so great a degree as in the exports . `` Therefore Ireland was by no means in the desperate situation which had been represented by some gentlemen . However , as he had slated before , he should not oppose the motion , and it would give him the most lively satisfaction if it produced any beneficial effects ; said , that the observations which the right hon . gent , had made as to the difference between the real and the official value of the exports did not apply , because , in the calculation he had made , he had taken the official value both of imports and exports . He knew very well that there was a great difference between real and official value , because the cattle that were exported from Ireland to England , were valued in Ireland at 12l a head , but when they came to England their official value was fixed at 61. , so that it might be supposed they lost one half of their value by sea-sickness on their passage ! said , he had before stated , that although there was a difference between the real and official value of imports , it was by no means so great as the difference between the real and the official value of the exports . rose only to say a few 657 words . He felt considerable satisfaction at the candid manner in which the subject had been brought forward and met by the right hon . gent , opposite . He could not omit this opportunity of adverting to an evil which was admitted on all hands to exist , and which passing under the eye of his Majesty 's I ministers in Ireland , might be the more effactually remedied . He alluded to the excessive issue of country Bank paper . He should himself be the last to recommend any vigorous measures to restrain the operations of the private bankers , but he could not be persuaded of the property of forcing their paper into circulation . He understood that the military forces in Ireland were paid altogether in the paper of the country banks , and that an improper , he had almost said a corrupt connexion , existed between the agents employed in paying the military and yeomanry , and the bankers . As soon as these agents received their remitiances , they lodged them in the country bank , taking their paper in exchange for paying the forces , and the noble lord agreed that the Bank of Ireland paper became thus an additional capital to the country banker . In such a state of the country , he looked upon investigation , to the end or devising some remedy , as absolutely indispensible . Unhappy , indeed , must that situation of a country ' be , which affords to the fraudulent an opportunity of deluding the unwary , and to