subject , he would say it was common sense , that a greater number of volunteers should be permitted in Kent , Sussex , and other maritime counties , to what was allowed in Nottingham or Northamptonshire . So 1033 inconsistently and unwisely had ministers acted upon this subject , that it was altogether incongruous and absurd to apply the word system to such an ill-understood and undigested mass of regulations as related to the volunteers . observed , the question now before their Lordships was , that this bill be read a second time : he , said that he could not help observing , there had been great irregularity in this debate , by almost entirely departing from the question , He assured their Lordships that he should not take up much of their time . He was too far advanced in life to have any object in speaking , but from public duty . He would not waste time in complimenting ministers on the wisdom of their measures , having very little acquaintance with any of them , except from official correspondence , and he did not even know who were their opposers : he rose as an old volunteer , feeling it his indispensible duty to do justice to that species of force , which upon every occasion had acted with honour and spirit . He said he could not but regret , that many reflections had been thrown out in speeches and in publications against the volunteer system , ( which term he should use , notwithstanding it had been disapproved of by a noble Lord ) , some from ignorance and folly , and others , he was afraid , from worse principles . His Lordship was confident , that the most malicious insinuations would not raise a jealousy between the volunteers and regular army ; it was their joint honour and interest to support each other . The numerous body of Volunteers all over this kingdom , certainly must appear to our enemies a formidable bulwark of defence of our King , our constitution , our religion , and every thing dear to us.—He had great experience last war in raising volunteers in the county where he has the honour to be Lord Lieut . He has at this time a very considerable number , and might have had a great many more , had govt , accepted of the offers ; and he was proud to say , during all that period he never had occasion to make a complaint to the war office but of one , and that was a captain returning a lieut . present when absent , and he was superseded , His Lordship was of opinion that the volunteers certainly had the power of resigning , but at the same time he was fully convinced that they would never desire to exercise that right so long as their country required 1034 their services ; and he said he should have regretted it extremely , had any measure been adopted which should make any alteration in their voluntary and patriotic offers . He was happy to have this opportunity of complimenting a noble and learned Lord on a decision which has done him great honour , and given universal satisfaction . At the same time , with all the attachment which his Lordship said he had to the volunteer system , he could never agree to allow the men the power of choosing their own officers ; he had heard of the existence of such a practice , but in the part of the country he was connected with , it had never been heard or thought of . No practice appeared to him to be more dangerous . His Lordship coincided perfectly in the sentiments so ably stated by a reverend prelate , which it was unnecessary , for him to repeat . He concluded by saying , that there were many clauses in the bill before the House , which he highly approved of , and therefore gave it ids entire support . took a similar view of the subject , and would answer , when