which he had alluded ; but there were clauses in the bill on which he would take occasion to offer some observation . observed , that the noble lord had nor thought proper to bring forward that charge against his Majesty 's officers in Ireland , who had paid certain pensions and salaries at par , which he had threatened on a former night ; and , therefore , he supposed his lordship had abandoned it , having found on better information , that it was untenable . He had pledged himself , and would hive been glad to have met his lordship on that charge . With respect to the bill , his lordship said , it was too late to discuss the policy of it , after passing the Bank of England restriction bill . The Bank of Ireland must be restricted , as long as the bank of England is . And it would be as unjust to demand of the Bank of Ireland to pay in cash , as to make that demand on the country private Banks . He had lost a great deaf , as well as others , by the discount , He did not mean to trouble their lord-hips further ; but he felt himself called upon to say thus much , by what fell from the noble lord . rose to explain . He had never pledged himself to bring forward a charge against his Majesty 's officers in Ireland , for paying at par . He only required to know the fact ; without stating the use he meant to make of it . As to what he said to night on the point of paying at par , he only observed incidentally , that those officers pay themselves at par , which was acknowledging that Bank of Ireland notes were not worth as much as they were issued for ; and also , that they might have paid others at par as well as themselves . said , the noble Earl had made a strange assertion , when he said , it would be as unjust to ask the Bank of Ireland to pay in cash , as to make the same demand of the private and country banks . His lordship did not seem to be aware , that the legislature had never interfered , and God forbid it ever should , to enable private banks to pay their own issues in a depreciated circulation . To the noble lord who opened the debate , the country was highly indebted for bringing forward the discussion . He agreed with the noble , lord , that much good had resulted from former discussions on this subject . The industry and talents employed by his lordship on this intricate question , had afforded much light to every impartial person , As to the 702 bill before the House , he had , on a former occasion , moved for certain papers , which , though not a positive rule to shew the proportion between paper and cash , would have given a result sufficiently accurate . The House had negatived that motion . Of that negative he would say nothing ; he would only observe , that , since every door was to be shut , every information with-held , it , would be better for their lordships to pass every measure without discussion ; and he must add , that that was the only instance he ever knew in that House of such papers being denied . He had reason to believe , if the papers had been produced , they would have shewn the proportion of paper over cash to be inconceivable . In one account which he had seen , of a receiver-general of the land tax , in 100l . he had received only 11 in cash . He believed this case not to be singular . And the excess of paper , as he had argued on a former occasion , he believed to be owing chiefly to the operation of the bank restriction act . Since 1797 , when that act passed , the