all the departments of the navy , is and has been the great endeavour of the high character upon whom it appears to be object of the motion before the House to fix an imputation , I shall vote against it with as much satisfaction as ever I gave a vote since I had the honour of a seat in this House , fully convinced that such a motion is only calculated to gratify the corrupt , to frown upon reform , and to assail the reputation of a gallant officer , whose claims to the gratitude of the country can only be equalled by the esteem and attachment he enjoys among all that are great and good . —Sir ; I feel myself placed in a situation somewhat extraordinary on this occasion . With a great part of what has been said on the merits of the first lord of the Admiralty , I am strongly disposed to concur , but at the same time , I can not see how these arguments tended to the conclusion at which they arrived . My hon . friend near me ( Mr. Sheridan ) has made , as he always does , a speech of the utmost brilliancy and eloquence , in which , however , lie seems to me to have almost entirely omitted the reasons on which he was to negative the motion , and he contented himself with announcing the vote he was prepared to give . Though ready to give my ready assent to the distinguished worth and pre-eminent services of Lord St. Vincent , I feel that the best way I can testify my respect for such a character , is to give my vote for the motion . I feel that a slur thrown on the reputation of Earl Vincent , would be a loss to the country , and to remove every suspicion of that kind , I say , let there be ample means of inquiry afforded , so that the triumph of Lord St. Vincent may be the more complete , satisfactory and glorious . It appears to me that the defenders of Lord St. Vincent had but two courses which they could with propriety purpose , either to say that no case whatever had been made out , and then refuse all the pa- 908 pers asked , or to produce all the papers which could reasonably be asked for , and upon the consideration of those to call for the censure or the acquital of the House . But the . line of conduct which ministers have thought fit to take , does neither the one or the other . By granting some papers and refusing others , they admit enough to countenance the suspicion of something wrong in the naval administration , and do not go far enough to let that suspicion be wiped away . But the course which ministers have thought fit to adopt it is not difficult to explain . They wish to defend Lord St. Vincent as they would have defended themselves ; they wish to put him on a level with them , to obtain the precedent of his great name to resist inquiry , so that every other inquiry may be frustrated ; they wish to put him on a level with Lord Hardwicke , so that the refusal of inquiry in the instance of one that can bear it , may be an argument for setting inquiry aside when it might tend to produce discoveries they would suppress . The right hon . gent . who spoke first ( Mr. Tierney ) against the motion , agrees that the papers alluded to in two of the motions shall be granted ; but he is of opinion that the third can not be granted . If , however , to ask for any papers at all be to cast some slur on the first lord of the Admiralty , why are any papers granted at all ? Or is it because those which are refused might lead to inquiry , that they are with-held ? If this be the object of the defenders