feel possibly that they conferred a favour every time that they attended at all ? Offices , too , in which government business was transacted , were open commonly every day , and for many hours each day . But what must be the condition or that office , whose days of attendance were one in a week , and whose office-hours were about three in each of those days ? This office was likewise a corresponding office : but what must be the activity of that correspondence , where between the letter and its answer there must be an interval always of a week ? He took no notice here of the manner in which at such meetings business must necessarily be conducted , where few possibly had given much attention to the object in question , where no one had any right to prescribe to the rest , where many would come more to talk of their own private business or to meet those they were in quest of , than to promote the object in question , where most were impatient to be gone , where all had voices , and , what was possibly not the least evil , where every one had a right to declare that voice at as great length as he thought proper He would not better illustrate the effects of the system which had thrown business into this course , than by stating what had happened upon the subject of signals . It might have been thought , that the arranging a system of signals , as it must have been among the earliest and most pressing objects of attention , that which , in some sort , was to give effect to every thing else , was the one also which would have been most easily accomplished , and most speedily carried into effect . The mode that had been adopted , was , too , of the most simple kind . A line of stations was f6 be established along the coast , placed under the direction of persons appointed by the Admiralty , and qualified to collect and to convey , by means of the Admiralty sig- 178 nals , such more detailed intelligence as was necessary for officers appearing off the coast , or commanding at the naval stations ; while from this , as from a circumference , other lines were drawn inland , for the mere purpose of giving alarm , or for communicating a few of the more simple results of what had been observed upon the coast . Any one would suppose that this was a work , which would not take long in completing ; considering that it was of that sort , which might be going on in ail places at once , so that the time necessary for the whole would be no more than what had been required for the latest of the parts ; and that in three weeks or a month from the first alarm , that is , from the 8th of March , however much our means of resistance might have been wanting , we should at least not have been liable to see the enemy amongst us without notice of his approach . And so it would have been with any set of persons , who would have done things in a plain way : who would have been content `` to draw a cork with a corkscrew . '' But not so , the savers of money , and the lovers of machinery . By seeking to divide the expense of these signals with the counties , and throwing the business , in consequence , into the train which he had described , the result was ( the House would hear it with astonishment ) that in some of the maritime counties , immediately exposed to the enemy , and where the attack was most expected , the system of signals , even in those parts of it , which were most essential , and on which the whole depended , was not completed to that very hour . It would naturally be