same time desirous to direct your attention to those points most essential to it . The subject of the Sea Fencibles has been alluded to , and I think has been misunderstood by my Right Hon . Friend . Upon this head I may be allowed to speak with sense confidence , as , from local situation . I have bad an opportunity of examining it with care , if the sea fencibles were composed of men liable to serve in the navy , the objections to it would be well founded ; but this is not the case . They are composed of seafaring men , it is true , but chiefly pilots and others , obliged , not merely by their own pursuits , but by their importance to the commercial interests of their country , to remain at the places of their residence . These men are intended to man the boats which have been prepared for the defence of the coast , and only armed with pikes in situations where they could not act with any other weapons . Indeed , I wish that the Admiralty had displayed more diligence in preparing those vessels which the sea fencibles were intended to man . This species of force will , I am confident , be found of the utmost utility in case of any attempt to invade our shores , and will evince the same superiority 198 over the flotillas of France , which the other branches of our navy have evinced over the maritime force of the enemy ; and when brought to trial will neither disappoint the hopes , nor lower the character of the country . observed , that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had urged the necessity of voting more money than was now proposed for the service of the volunteers , in order to make them , as he advised , more perfect , by means of the addition of a field officer and an adjutant ; and he had stated his conviction , that this 'would have a very good effect . He wished with the right hon . gent , that this important force should be made as complete as the nature of it was capable , consistently at the same time with necessary economy . But he could not I help observing on that subject , that time would be necessary to consider this matter before it should be adopted . In all the corps adjutants were allowed pay ; but it could not be contended that they should be allowed pay for the whole year , if they had to attend only 84 days , as stated by the right hon . gent. , and government should not rashly run into this sort of expense . The last act of Parliament made upon this subject provides , that the volunteer corps should be subject to such regulations as his Majesty should think fit to make , and the compulsory clause in the act for calling out the mass , might be referred to as occasion should require . He observed , that although 20 days pay was to be allowed to those who had been trained for 20 days , yet they were not to be allowed it unless they had been trained and exercised on the Sunday preceding . And most of the volunteer corps had been exercised 40 and 50 days , and many of them much more . Now , all the volunteer corps had not only adjutants upon their establishment , but they were entitled to pay , yet they were not entitled to pay until called out ; and upon the principle of economy , he did not think that government would be justified in granting them permanent pay , unless their attention to the station was permanent . It could not be expected that they should receive pay for the whole year , for 84 days , any more than for 40 or for 20 days . He thought , however , that what was stated by the right hon . gent . deserved great consideration .