I shall refer the House to the declaration of a person , whose name is very well known on the kite state trials ; I mean Mr. Wilson , the peace officer , who certainly conducted himself with 2 great deal of precision , during the affair in question , who was on the very spot at the time of the insurrection , and was engaged with Emmett 's party . Mr. Wilson states , in his evidence , that on the 23d of July , before 6 in the evening , he received a note , informing him , that the insurrection was expected , and desiring him to be on the alert ; and he gave orders accordingly to the peace officers under him . It also appears , that the commander-in chief wrote to col. Manley , on the same day , informing him , that gov . had received information of an intended rising of the people , and desired that the necessary precautions might be taken without creating any alarm.—A noble lord has particularly dwelt on the circumstances of govt . having desired that no alarm might be made , and attempted to draw an inference from that , as if govt . had not been aware of any danger . I can not state particularly what the directions may have been , which the Irish govt . gave at the time in question ; bat it is very probable that , upon a consultation having taken place , it Was agreed that whaever measures of precaution were judged proper to be taken , they should be adopted with as little appearance of alarm as possible . It similar measures of precaution were to be adopted in this country , I should conceive it to be the duty of govt . to see that every thing was done in a manner the least calculated to give an alarm to the public . I will put it to any Irish gent , who happened to be then present , and who recollects the consternation which was spread all over Ireland in 1798 in consequence of the stopping of the mail coaches ; whether it is not highly prudent to avoid any step that might spread terror and confusion throughout the interior of the country . This precaution was actually taken on the late occasion , and it was not thought necessary to stop the 778 mail coaches.—A great deal has been said concerning the postscript of a letter written by the lord lieut . to general Fox on the day in question , and in which he was understood to have informed the commander in chief , that lie had taken greater precautions than were necessary . Now , in order to judge of hat circumstance , it will be necessary for the House to hear the whole of the letter , as well as the postscript ; and also to know the circumstances that gave rise to the letter . On that day col. Aylmer came from the county of Kildare , and gave information that parties of insurgents were coming up from that county , and that there was reason to apprehend they would attack the Lodge in the Phoenix Park , on their way to Dublin . As soon as the intelligence was received by the lord lieut . he wrote to gen Fox , stating what he had heard , desiring that precautionary measures might be taken , but no alarm excited . When he had finished the letter , there arrived at the lodge a reinforcement of soldiers ; upon Which the postscript was written , and stated , that as ah alarm had been already spread , the precautionary measure of sending those men would add to it . The words of the postscript are , `` I understand you have reinforced the guard here , by the addition of an officer and 30 men . I suppose you have received some other information besides what I have given you . As an alarm has already taken place , I think it will be increased by this measure . ''