& c , that they were an army of veterans , & c. ; he should have thought it might have occured to that hon . officer that they were not all veterans ; he should have thought that hon . officer might have stated , that among our own army there were some veterans competent to meeting those of France , or any other army in this world ; he should have thought that the hon . officer would have had some pleasure in stating that of this mighty and boasted army of France , there were some parts composed of Italian and other conscripts ; he should have thought it might have occurred to the hon . officer that the militia of this country , were equal and competent to meeting an equal number of any men ; and that the hon . officer might have looked at the volunteers in a different point of view from that in which he did view them—that he would have found some consolation in reflecting that the mass of the volunteers of this country was a body of men preparing to fight for the King , the constitution , the laws , and the liberties of it , and that the hon . officer would have had some pleasure in reflecting on the contrast between such men and those conscripts of France , who were torn from their relations , fathers from their childern , and children from their parents , coming towards our shores in fetters . He should have thought that the hon . officer would have had some pleasure in expatiating on these facts but ha took no such view of the subject . The hon . officer had acted , he was bound to believe , from the 602 purest motive , and other hon . gentlemen who had pursued the same line of conduct , had acted from the purest motives , for what appeared to them to be the interests of their country ; yet he could not help saying , he had heard their speeches with considerable regret , not that he apprehended the ingenuity which they shewed , would in the least degree shake the determination of the people of this country in the pursuit of their cause , or induce them to far the enemy , but he took up the subject in another point of view ; he thought the speech of the hon . officer and some other speeches he had of late heard in that House , would , or might have in some respects a bad effect , for it must be well known now to every body , that whit was said within the doors of that House was not confined to the members of that House , nor to this country , but went to the enemy , as well as all over the rest of the world , and he could not help thinking , there was no ingenuity that could be employed in France that could more increase the energy , and inspire the enterprize of the troops there so much as some of the speeches which had of late been delivered in that House . He knew that was not the intention of those hon . members , but that , he thought , was likely to be the effect of their speeches.—This course of speaking in that House , had a tendency to invite the enemy to come among us , and if they did , he had the confidence and happiness to think that the event would be more glorious to this country than had ever yet been recorded in the annals of the world . Having said this much on the tendency of these speeches , he should lake a short view of the topics urged by the hon . officer who had just preceded him in the debate , although he should not be minute upon them all , many of which , unless he had heard them pressed repeatedly , were such as he hardly should have thought necessary to answer . The fist point he had to