not advert to the arguments which had formerly been used , but merely confine his observations to the institution of the system , and he must take occasion to observe , that he had never said the regular army could not be augmented ; on the contrary , he thought it might admit of considerable augmentation ; all that he meant to assert , when speaking on the subject formerly , was , that the present time was not favourable for such an augmentation , when the relative situation of France and the rest of Europe was considered . The militia of Gt . Britain at present consisted of 90,000 men , that of Ireland of 18,000 only , list war 28,000 . No augmentation in the militia could take place , considering the disposition of what is termed the regular forces . His Majesty 's government , therefore , was of opinion , that in order to complete the defence of the kingdom , a compulsory or voluntary system should be resorted to . The latter was resorted to , and it would be in the recollection of every gent. , that at the time 539 it was first resorted to , no proposition met with such general support . The House approved of it , and awarded its thanks to the volunteers , both at the end of the last war , and previous to : he late recess , on the motion of an hon . gen. ( Mr. Sheridan ) , not now in his place . He merely mentioned this , to shew , that the right hon . gent did not discountenance , or very highly blame the system . There were two descriptions of volunteers , namely , those trained and exercised under the compulsory clauses included in the first class ; and , 2dly , those formed under the acts originally framed upon the subject . This distinction , however , would be obviously siren , that in case of actual invasion , or the appearance of the enemy upon the coast , those enrolled as volunteers would be liable to serve the same as the first class , which class would , upon vacancies arising in the regiments of the line , be turned over to fill up these vacancies , as his Majesty might think fit . Volunteers of the former description , therefore , could not be entitled to exemptions claimed by the latter . He would ask . gentlemen whether so large a number as that composing the present volunteer force could be got together , without producing considerable dissatisfaction , upon the terms which some were inclined to suppose ? It never was the intention of government that the class alluded to should be entitled to the exemptions further than from service in the militia.—With respect to the exemptions from the army of reserve , to which the right hon . gent . had adverted , it was never in the contemplation of his Majesty 's government , and had been so expressly-stated , that no volunteers entering subsequent to the 22d June , should be exempt from the ballot for the army of reserve , but those who entered bonâ fide previous to that period , were to be entitled to the exemptions . The doubts entertained were , whether or not these corps having been accepted under the general provisions of the defence acts , were taken out of the provisions by the subsequent volunteer act . This question was submitted for the consideration and opinion of his Majesty 's law officers . He had to congratulate the House that upwards of 500,000 men entered of the first class , of the ages from 17 to 45 , unmarried ; when once a man entered the volunteer corps he would be much more likely to make a good soldier . Nay , the volunteer system so far from being injurious , was advantageous to the recruiting service in general , in proof of this , he instanced two corps , the Norwich , and the St. George 's volunteers , from both of which the