any great increase of the regular army , as had been said by the Secretary of State , in opening this business , and that thence it was inferred , that the volunteer force should be made as nearly as possible a regular force , he conceived the object unattainable , and he thought the attempt to attain it could have no other effect than to exhaust the volunteer spirit ; and to husband this spirit , which was the spirit of the country , was as necessary as to husband its finances . If he were to enter into the grounds of those opinions , his difficulty would be , how to ground upon the present bill any large or general view of the volunteer force . The Secretary of State , in introducing the bill , told the House , that two things were to be clone by it ; first , that the exemptions were to be assimilated , viz . : those from the Militia and those from the Army of Reserve ; secondly , to re-enact what was and is already law , and therefore unnecessary to be re-enacted , unless it were for the purpose of adding the condition of another resignation , the right of resigning . A bill confined to these two objects , would not admit of any large or comprehensive view of what was called the volunteer system , of such a view as it was the duty of the House lo entertain , and till it was entertained the House would not have done its duty . He should content himself at present , with a few remarks on what had obtained the title of the volunteer system ; and he should appeal to the candour of every member of the House , and that of the country , whether , when ministers had given the assurance , that during the recess , they would devote their utmost attention to the perfection of the volunteer system ; he would appeal , and ask , whether it was possible , that a measure requiring so much labour and attention , could be perfected by the present bill ? No five persons were of the same opinion on this , which was called a system , as those who were called upon to execute it well knew . For the purpose of understanding what was called the volunteer system , he had taken the liberty of moving for copies of the letters addressed to the lords lieutenant . Even in the contracted view of the system which the bill imposed upon the House , the contradictions which appeared from the papers on the table , could not fail to make an impression . This afforded grounds for the re- 534 marks which he was about to offer , and which he found it difficult to arrange . He should first observe on the letter , of Lord Hobart of the 20th of June , with-holding , the exemptions from the ballots . It was , cay to conceive the natural course to be observed in calling forth British spirit . But in the course followed by his Majesty 's ministers , fear , hope , and appeals to the generosity of the people followed each other in the most extraordinary succession , without co-operating to any one possible result : Lord Hobart 's first letter supposed that there was to be no exemption from ballot , except for certain descriptions of volunteers . From that it was supposed that there was some principle that was acted upon . In the part of the country lie lived in , and he was sure the same disinterestedness prevailed in other parts , there was no expectation of any exemptions ; at least , the men were ready to come forward without any . Consequently , the effect of granting the exemptions , was , without procuring any real advantage with respect to the volunteer forces , to cripple the Militia and the Army of Reserve . When government had , in the first place , procured as many volunteers as they could obtain