the tower . The result was , that both vessels were beat off , and our troops were afterwards obliged regularly to open trenches against the tower before it surrendered . His lordship was proceeding to animadvert upon other topics connected with the defence of the country , when he was called to order by who begged leave to remind the noble earl and the House , that the subject regularly under consideration was , whether a bill , to explain and amend two acts passed in the 42d and 43d year of the King , relating to volunteer corps , should be read a second time . It was in the judgment of their lordships how far a great part of what had fallen from the noble earl was relevant to such a consideration . proceeded : —he should endeavour to avoid any matter which may be considered as disorderly , as far as possible : —he continued to expatiate upon such topics as he conceived to be in some degree , connected with the subject before the House ; and , adverting to the state of Ireland , he observed , that he had lately received a letter from a particular friend of his , an officer of great professional merit , and who was a district general in that part of the united king- 358 dom . He alluded to Sir Eyre Coote ; the loiter was of a very consolatory description : the officer in question had traversed 500 miles of that country , and the description which he gave , he was sure , would be very satisfactory to several noble lords who heard him . He begged he might be allowed to read the letter as part of his speech . rose to order . He felt It incumbent on him to interpose on such an occasion , and to advert to the obvious impropriety of suffering the communications of a general officer commanding a district , stating what his private opinions were on topics of so much delicacy and importance , to be so promulgated . Whether the communication was of a favourable or a disadvantageous nature mattered not , in his view of such a proceeding : the practice he thought was highly improper , and were it suffered to prevail , it might be recurred to in cases where the intelligence was of an opposite description . Adverting to the irregularity of what fell from the noble earl in point of order , he followed the example of his noble friend , in stating to their lordships what was ; the precise question before them . again rose , and after observing that he stood corrected , proceeded to observe upon certain proceedings which . illustrated the professional abilities of his hon . friend , the general officer in question . He particularly adverted to some circumstances connected with the taking or the evaporation of Alexandria , when quitted the woolsack , and deemed it incumbent on him to interpose respecting the question of order . It was with pain that he felt himself called upon so to interrupt the noble earl , a great deal of what fell from whom might , he thought , be better heard in other places.—His lordship then put the question upon the bill , when rose , and spoke nearly as follows : —It is not my intention , my lords , to take this opportunity of entering fully into the general system of regulations relating to the volunteers , and the defence of the country , which , from the nature of this I bill , might very fairly do . I mean to confine myself wholly to that particular point more immediately before the House . I shall very early after the recess take an opportunity of discussing more at large a great many points respecting the volunteer system , which I consider as a subject of the last importance . Although , my lords , my objections go in some measure to the frame of the bib , yet I do not wish to object to it altogether , as the