the proportion of paper in circulation to the amount of the specie ought to be left to find its own natural level , and that , except in some particular situations , it will , when left to itself , find its natural level , is a principal in political economy , that no one can be hardy enough in the present day to controvert . I agree , therefore , that legislative interference , or any sort of interference , ought , if possible , to be avoided ; but at the same time circumstances may occur , and his lordship has admitted that this may be the case , when the good to be derived from such a measure far overbalances the evils that may be consequent upon it . When this bill was originally brought into Parliament , there were a few who were not at all convinced of the necessity of it ; these , however , were but very few . Others were a ware of its magnitude and importance , yet still thought that , under the then circumstance , of menaced invasion , very like our present situation , a run upon the bank , in consequence of the alarm , might be attended with the most pernicious consequences , and therefore joined in giving their vote for the proposed restriction . I also had turned my attention to the subject , and I will fairly own that the difficulties with which it was surrounded pressed heavily on my mind , and one of the chief of these was , that a precedent might thus be established , which could in its consequences be attended with no be- 312 neficial effects , I , however , upon mature deliberation , was convinced that under all the circumstances of the case , the restriction was necessary . It was afterwards thought expedient to continue the operation of the act during the whole course of the last war . At the close of the war the Government of the country thought it necessary , upon several grounds , that the restriction should be continued for one year , subsequent to the conclusion of the treaty of peace . But although I so far agree with the noble lord in the general principle , that it is proper to avoid all interference in those things , which , by their own natural operations , will find their just level , I am by no means prepared to admit that these consequences have resulted from the restriction upon the bank , which he has ascribed to it , or that such consequences are to be dreaded . It will , perhaps , be in the recollection of all , that previous to the last war , and four years before the original passing of this bill , the quantity of paper had increased to an enormous degree . This naturally arose from the extensive speculation and commercial enterprize of the country . These , along with the improvement in agriculture , the spirit of adventure , the riches and growing population of the nation brought a quantity of paper into circulation above its just proportion to the amount of cash . The very means by which our power and wealth were improved , therefore gave rise to a sort of artificial capital , which was certainly an evil , but an evil that must of necessity be endured , as it arose from such a cause . These , it evidently appeared , were the courses of the great proportion of paper in circulation , and to these causes the evil , if it were an evil , for there are considerable deferences of opinion on that point , is to be traced rather than to the operation of the bill in question . His lordship has adverted to what was said in another place , ( the House of Commons ) with respect to laying up cash at this time , or , as it has been generally called , hoarding , by a certain hon . gent , high in administration ( Mr. Addington )