an enemy , that could only be done by keeping up our present volunteer force ; and the expense attending the establishment was but a trifling insurance for the vast benefits we should gain by it.—The motion for taking the report of the bill into further consideration was then put and carried . said , he wished , for several reasons , which , in the course of that night 's debate he should state to the House , that the bill be recommitted . He would leave it to some other member to make a motion to that effect . moved , that the amendments in the bill be now read a second time . This motion was then put by the Speaker , who said it was the question then before the House . said , he rose to oppose the second reading of the amendments , in order afterwards to move , that the bill be recommitted . The bill originally pretended to nothing more than to declare the right of resigning in volunteers , agreeable to the judgment of the Court of King 's Bench . It now embraced a vast variety of regulations , many of which were of the most dangerous tendency , scarcely any salutary , and almost all equivocally expressed . The bill had done nothing towards forming that complete system for the volunteers which had been acknowledged to be necessary . said , that in opposing the motion for the second reading of the bill , he wished distinctly to be understood , that he did not wish to throw out the bill ; he merely wished to have it recommitted , in order that it might be amended . His principal reason for wishing it to be recommitted was what might induce some gentlemen to oppose it altogether ; viz . that if it is passed in its present form , it would make the ministers , and what was worse , the legislature , appear contemptible in the eyes of this country , and of foreign countries . The volunteer system , whether it was good or whether it was bad , was admitted , on ail hands , to form a considerable part of the defence of the country ; and it was admitted , even by ministers , that the system was one which required revision and alteration . Parliament met on the 13th of November ; they had now reached the 10th of March , and the only measures that ministers had taken for the defence of the country , was the bill before the House.—We know that the enemy have made preparations for the invasion of this country , 941 gigantic beyond all former precedent ; we were told by the secretary of state , that those menaces were immediately to he carried into execution ; we know , that upon the issue of this contest , depends every thing that can be dear to men ; and yet , after a session of above four months , the only measure of defence that ministers have brought forward is this bill . Gracious God , Sir , what is there in this bill ? No steps have been taken to recruit the army , no means have been taken to improve or complete the army of reserve ; all , all has rested upon the volunteers ; and this is the bill which ministers have proposed for the completion of the volunteer system . Let any man , the most blindly attached to this bill , be asked , what is its chief merit ? and he will say its , that it does that which it was at first professed that it would do , viz . nothing . Mr. Fox said , he liked the volunteer system , because he knew the spirit , the zeal , and the courage of the men who composed that body ; no man could deny that the volunteers would be highly useful in the defence of the country , on account of their readiness , their spirit , and their numbers ; but did this bill