sufficient that the existence of , bribery within the borough was proved , in order to make him see the necessity of adopting a parliamentary regulation , to prevent the recurrence of such a case hereafter . Now he was of opinion , that the bribery or corruption of any small portion of the inhabitants of any place could by no means warrant the House in taking upon them to interfere with the manner of voting within that district . In the present case , it was manifest that a regular system of corruption had been adopted and acted upon to a very great extent . It was , therefore , an act which the House owed to itself and to the constitution , to receive a bill for the future regulation of elections in such a place , at least so far as to prevent a repetition of such disgraceful practices . As to the internal merits of the bill , how far its contents went to prevent the evil complained of , or whether it might not go too far , he did not mean to inquire in the present stage of the business , but should declare his sentiments , unfettered by any pledge or promise , at a future period , in the same manner as the right hon . the 1016 Chancellor of the Exchequer had declared that it was his intention to do . The cases of the Shoreham and the Cricklade elections he thought by no means similar to the present . expressed himself glad that no steps were suggested to be taken by the House to prosecute the individuals implicated , as he should consider such a measure inexpedient . By Agreeing to the introduction of the bill , he did not pledge himself as to its principle ; respecting which he should reserve himself for the second reading . adverted to the cases of Cricklade and Shoreham , where he said the elections had been conducted with the greatest purity since those boroughs had been thrown open . observed , that at the time when the Attorney General was instructed to proceed in the case of the borough of Cricklade , it was one of the most corrupt within the kingdom ; since it had been made an open borough , it was as free and pure as any county in G. Britain . He was no friend to innovation ; but he believed that if the House was to take into its consideration to amend the state of the borough representation throughout the kingdom , it would contribute much to the honour of the House , and the stability of our system.—The question was put , any leave granted to bring in the bill . moved that a new writ should not be issued for the election of a member for the borough of Aylesbury until the 27th of April.—Ordered . presented a message from the King relative to the tender of the Irish militia regiments to serve in any part of G. Britain , similar to that delivered to the Commons . The message being read , his Lordship moved , that the same be taken into consideration on Wednesday next , and their Lordships summoned for that day . rose , not by any means to oppose the motion of the noble Sec . of State , but to express his most cordial approbation of the circumstances which gave rise to such an auspicious communication from the throne . He had to congratulate the inhabitants of both parts of the United Kingdom upon the occasion ; his countrymen , upon their coming forward in a manner , so truly patriotic , and which redounded so greatly to their honour , and offering to identity their interests and their fate upon such an occasion as the present , and the inhabitants of G. Britain upon such an important accession to the active and efficient force of their country , lie felt assured , that in eases of the like necessity , the militia of G. Britain would freely come forward , and volunteer their services to any part of