of its servants . For this reason he had voted : against the administration he had general supported , in the case of Admiral Colpoys , because the proper evidence was not before the House . He deprecated the practice that had lately so entirely obtained , or denying evidence to the House . He maintained , that no time had been lost by those who professed themselves friends to the inquiry . The question had been brought forward soon after the 23d of July , but was given up at the instance of ministers , who thought the . advanced state of the session precluded the proper means of information . Since that period , the . conduct of the govt . of Ireland had been animadverted upon , by an hon . member ( Mr. Fox ) , during be discussion of the army estimates Another hon . member , a relation of the gallant officer who commanded in Ireland , had also given notice of a motion ; and the worthy baronet who then felt it his duty to take it up , had certainly lost no time in bringing the question forward.—As the darkness of the night 791 in which the insurrection broke out had been particularly mentioned , he should just observe , notwithstanding the darkness was represented to be so great , as to prevent a person from seeing his hand before him , that a man had been hanged upon the sole evidence of one , who deposed that he had distinctly seen him from a two-pair of stairs window.—Whether any blame could attach to any person or not , or on whomsoever it might tall , he hoped , for the honour of the country , an inquiry would be granted ; and he should vote as conscientiously as his learned friend , when he gave his vote for the motion . could not too strongly call the attention of the House , to the necessity of having a grave case made out prima facie , before any inquiry could be instituted . The hon . gent , opposite to him ( Mr. Fox ) had called the letters and papers referred to , in justification of the govt . of Ireland , garbled intelligence ; but he felt no difficulty in saying , that if there ever was an instance in which good and satisfactory documents were produced , that instance was the present case . For his own part , he was ready to oppose the motion ; not from ; he arguments and statements which those documents sniped him with , but from the grounds advanced by the hon . baronet himself , who had opened the discussion ; and if ever the govt . had been surprised , it did not follow that they were , on that account , to be aroused of negligence , and the want of vigilance and precaution . When gentlemen take of preventive measures , they did rot seem consider , that although pantries of fierce and foot might have secured the tranquillity the city of Dublin , by doing constant duty every night , yet such measures of pretention would nave left the rebellion lurking in the heart of the city , if , as the fact was , the rebellion had not lasted for a single hour , what grounds were , there , he would ask , for forming any correct opinion of its magnitude ? Yet enough , had , undoubtedly , been disclosed , to shew the disposition of this disaffected , their connexion with persons who had arrived from France , and the nature of their plans . Was it then going too far to arm , by the adoption of subsequent measures , government with powers which were calculated to guard against and counteract any new insurrections after the explosion of the last . If the necessary consequences of the motion were to be the removal of the lord lieut. , and of officers entrusted with important military commands , those consequences alone would be a sufficient argument against its being entertain- 792 ed ,