exports and imports of Great Britain to and from Ireland.—Agreed to.—Also , that there be laid before the House copies or extracts of the divers proclamations which have been made in Great Britain or Ireland , respecting corn , meal , or malt , Indian turn , rice , Or potatoes , & c. since the union , to the latest period the same can be made up . Ordered . moved , that there be laid before the House , an account of all linen imported from Great Britain or Ireland , distinguishing that which was manufactured in Ireland since the union , to the 5th of January 1804 , distinguishing each year . Ordered . took the opportunity to state , that it was his intention , after the recess , should no other peer more competent to do justice to the subject than himself come forward on the occasion , to call the attention of the House to an affair of considerable importance , and which had been the subject of a correspondance between a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) , and another lord in Ireland the Ear of Fingal . quitted the woolsack , and observed , that relative to a bill of the peculiar nature of the present , his Majesty 's concurrence was more especially necessary . He , therefore , rose for the purpose of informing the House , that he had the honour , yesterday , of an interview with his Majesty , and which was repeated this day ; that he had informed his Majesty of the contents of this bill , and that his Majesty was graciously pleased to say , with reference to the same , that , as far as his Majesty 's interest was concerned , their lordships might proceed with the bill.—The bill then passed the committee without observation or amendment , and was ordered to be reported to-morrow . rose to state several observations , which he felt it his duty to do , as he had reason to hope they would be not wholly without their use , although he should not formally resist the motion . The discussion which had already taken place on this important subject , had , he was persuaded , produced much benefit . The principles ha had frequently submitted to their lordships , were of that nature , that the more they were examined , the more conviction they carried with them ; and so imperious was their necessity in the present circumstances of the nation , that he could not be too urgent with their lordships to give them their serious and repeated consideration . The stale of Ireland grew daily into a stronger proof of the accuracy of his former arguments . He would call on every noble Lord connected with that country , to give 698 testimony to the truth of that assertion . He wished those noble lords to lay before the House their own personal information on this subject ; for it was his sincere desire , that the real grounds of his anxiety should be as plain to their lordships , as to himself . The fact was , that the bank paper in Ireland was so depreciated as to be at a discount of to per cent . It was falling every day into more discredit . The consequent distress was scarcely to be imagined . All articles of consumption rose so rapidly , and distrust was so generally spread , that the evil was most truly alarming . He called , upon any one conversant with the internal affairs of Ireland , to deny what he asserted . But there was a proof of the depreciation of I bank paper that could not be refuted , in the : conduct of his Majesty 's officers in Ireland They paid themselves their salaries and pensions at par . If the bank paper was good for that for which it was issued , why not take it themselves . No & for they know they must lose 10 percent , by it . if one of those officers had 100l