new , and the system it professes to support can not , in my mind , be of long duration ; it is not of a durable nature . The dread of invasion , which produced it , will not long avail , and as soon as the danger disappears , or may not be attented to , and which may be the case , should it long continue to be merely talked of , the spirit of the volunteers will , from the nature of the human mind , be likely to relax ; and who can pretend to say how long , for how many years , the enemy may keep up all the appearences of an intension to invade us , without actually at tempting it ? These considerations weigh with my mind very strongly , and confirm my opinion of the superior character of an armed peasantry.—As to the opinion , that in order to guard against the evil of a slow recruiting for the regular army , it would be desirable to form a kind of perpetual army of reserve , to be raised by ballot , from , which volunteering for general service was to be more encouraged , I shall at pre sent make but one observation , namely , that I am no friend to the extension of the principle of raising men by ballot . It is a kind of lottery , in which ten men may be said to toss up which shall serve ; or in stead of each contributing 40l . one to contribute 20.—To she allusions which have 621 been so frequently made to the conduct of the naval department , I think it would be much fairer to bring forward the subject for a full discussion . I have no doubt that the noble lord who presides over that board , will be able to indicate his character ; but , at the same time , as so many charges have been thrown out against the Admiralty , I think it would be better at once to institute an inquiry , which will enable the House to make up its mind upon ( his most important subject ; and , I am sure that that noble personage is not one of those who would be likely to shrink from inquiry . —Sir ; differing as I do from the hon . gent , who spoke last , in many points respecting the volunteers , I nevertheless have the satisfaction to agree with him in many of the propositions which he has laid down . There is no one sentiment advanced by the hon . gent , to which I assent more cordially than in the necessity of adopting some measures to give a degree of consistency and permanence to our defensive force . It is undoubtedly true , that at present the great object ought to be to direct our efforts to meet the immediate danger with which the country is threatened ; nothing , certainly , ought to be neglected in the first moment of alarm or danger , and all future considerations , however important , ought to give way to the present necessity and immediate danger . But that being provided for , we ought not to hesitate one moment in adopting the most effectual measures for rendering our defensive system permanent , and of providing against a recurrence of danger in future times . If we should prevent the enemy from effecting the invasion this year , and that should lead us into a false security , and encourage us to slacken our means of defence , it certainly must end in our total ruin . I am , therefore , happy to find the opinion so strongly inculcated by the hon . gent , that we ought not to be content with our present exertions alone . It is perfectly true , as that hon . gent , has slated , that although the natural impulse of a brave and loyal people has led them to make the greatest and most unparalleled exertions , which have removed ns from immediate danger