he shot Id content himself with having adverted to , without at present making them the subject of any discussion . As little would he introduce discussion in what further he had to say . But he must trouble the House for a few moments longer , partly to give vent lo his surprise , —a surprise not excited by what the bill contained , but by what it did not contain , —and for the further and more important purpose of putting it seriously to the right hon . gent , whether he conceived , that by a bill such as the present , by such a scrap and remnant of a measure ( for so he mast call it ) , he could-hope to meet the public exigency , or appease that sort of craving expectation , which the nation felt , of something really substantial and solid , to relieve it in its present difficulties ? He earnestly hoped , that before the measure should be finally settled , the right hon . gem would impress upon his mind a more just idea of the situation of the country , and of the magnitude of the object requiring to be provided for : that he would convince himself , that it was not the mere inconvenience arising from mistakes and ambiguities in the volunteer bills , ( plentiful as they might be ) and which an emendatory or explanatory act might set right , but a fundamental failure in an important part of the system ; that one of the main pillars of our security was in danger of giving way 5 that a part of the building seemed to be actually falling in ; that four-fifths of the national defence , —four fifths in extent at least , if not in substance , —was found to have been raised on so loose a foundation , to be composed of such improper materials , and to be so unskilfully put together , that at least a very dangerous settlement had taken place , and that no one could say. , whether in a few 452 months , or even a few weeks , the whole might not become a heap of ruins . Did the right hon . gent . ready suppose , that in such a state of things , the expectation of the country could be satisfied , or its safety provided for , by a measure such as the present ; and that by sticking in a few bricks here and there , by proving the building in one part and cramping it in another , he could put this mansion info tenantable repair , so as either to induce the inhabitants to stay in it , or to make it safe for those who lived in the neighbourhood ? —He would not dwell even upon this topic at the present moment , but leaving to the right hon . gent , to judge of the value of the suggestion which he could not forbear to other , though with no great hopes of its producing any effect , he would take the liberty of urging to the House , what he was sure would be urged with effect , namely , that they should avail themselves of all that inquiry and consideration could do in the intermediate time , in order to come to the discussion of this question , prepared at once with just views of its magnitude , as well as of its importance . —Sir 5 whatever inclination I may have to express myself at length on this subject , I shall , on the present occasion , adhere to the recommendation given in the outset to abstain from discussion . I have listened with the most sincere satisfaction to the speech of the right hon . Secretary . I highly approve the plan he has brought forward , which I hope will be the means of bringing to perfection the volunteer system , and of correcting those imperfections which are necessarily incident to a measure so vast , new , and unusual , and that overstrained discipline to which