was not necessary , as information was sent to the superintending magistrate of the police . At the time of Despard 's conspiracy in this country , I have no doubt but that government took the necessary precautions to meet any attempt , but do not apprehend that they sent to acquaint the lord mayor of the circumstance , —With 752 regard to the attack made upon the lord-mayor 's house , the fact is , that 4 men went there , and the arms in the house were delivered up by a servant who was in the conspiracy.—Another charge is , that the troops had not ammunition . I believe that the rebels entertained a very different opinion upon the subject ; but the fact is , that the commander had given orders that every man , in addition to 60 rounds of ball cartridge in lbs barracks , should always have 12 rounds in his pouch , so that no blame can be attributed to the commander in chief upon that ground . Besides , when it is considered that the troops could not act in a line in Dublin , but must fire by platoon of not more than 6 or B abreast , it must be obvious that 12 rounds each man was amply sufficient.—The hon . bart . has stated that the superintending magistrate slept out of town that night ; how the fact really was I do not know , but if he did , that can be no imputation upon government , which had given him the necessary information , and it is perfectly well known that he gave orders for all the constables and police officers to be in readiness . I hope the House will excuse me for going so much into detail upon the subject , bat I conceived it to be my duty to do so and I hope the statement I have made will convince the House that the conduct of a administration in Ireland , both at the time of the insurrection and since , has been that of a wise , provident , and vigorous government.—I wish to ask , what was the conduct of that government after they knew the extent of the danger ? They pursued the treason through all its ramifications , they detected the traitors , in every part of the country they tried criminals by the ordinary tribunals of the country , and displayed clemency whenever it could be done with safety . Upon the whole , therefore , I contend that the Irish government were not ignorant of the general state of the country before the insurrection , that they had information of the intended rising , and consequently were not surprised ; that they took the proper precautions to meet the danger that threatened them , and that after the insurrection , they were indefatigable in detecting and bringing the traitors to trial before the ordinary tribunals of the country . In this they judged wisely and acted virtuously , as the laws of the country ought never to be departed from , but in cases of are necessity . For these reasons , Sir , I contend that no grounds have been laid to induce parliament to grant this inquiry , and therefore it is that I shall vote against the motion . —Before I proceed . Sir , to 753 state shortly the grounds upon which I am compelled to give my vole in favor of the present motion , I feel desirous of offering a few observations on the ground which my noble friend who has just spoken has taken to oppose the present motion , a ground which might be urged against every motion that ever was made or ever will be made for any inquiry whatever in this house into the conduct of any administration ; a course very well calculated to screen any government however liable to prepetual attack , and which to a government not very strong I in itself is more especially necessary for that , for many , and some of their particular reasons . It is not , in