obvious irregularity of the present discussion . There was , strictly speaking , no question before the House , as in point of form , the second reading of the bill could not regularly be moved for , until the prints were before their Lordships.—The correctness of this remark was acknowledged by the Lord Chancellor ; and Lord Hawkesbury , in the course of a short explanation as to the point of form , reminded their Lordships , that what the Noble Lord had observed , had been conceived by him in the first instance . He then observed that it was his intention to move for the second reading of the bill , on Tuesday . said , that a copy of the proceedings of the Privy Council , respecting the ships captured at Toulon , in the course of the last war , had been some time lying on the table of the House , and he gave notice of his intention of moving in the Committee of Supply on Monday next , for a grant of a sum to carry into effect the recommendation of the Lords of the Treasury , in order that the sum should be distributed among the captors of those prizes.—The right hon . gent , afterwards rose again , and observed that finding he was mistaken in supposing the report of the proceedings of the Privy Council reflecting the captures at Toulon , to which he had before alluded , were printed , said , he should propose the printing of this document ; and , in order to give time to the House to examine it , should withdraw his notice for Monday , and defer until Wednesday the motion in the Committee of Supply . thought this a subject of so much importance , and one so likely to give rise to considerable difference of opinion , that the proposed motion of the right hon . gent , ought to be postponed till alter the recess , in order to give time for consideration , and that the discussion and attendance should be full and satisfactory . stated , that from the nature of this business , all unnecessary delay-should be avoided ; and he was certain , that did the hon . member know the extreme anxiety felt by the seamen and others interested in the subject , he would himself be among the first to press that it should be decided on as soon as possible . was not aware , before this day , that any such papers as those alluded to by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , were on the table of the House ; nor was he either that any such claim had ever been preferred by those engaged in taking ships , & c. at Toulon , although he was long in office after that event . The subject appeared to him to be of much importance , and he was therefore inclined to agree with the proposition for farther time to consider it than the right hon . gent , had mentioned . stated , in proof of the urgency of the case , and the propriety of expedition , that many of the persons interested in the discussion only wailed the result , to set off for different stations in the service of their country . If , however , it should appear that the attendance should be thin on Wednesday , and that the proposition was not , therefore , likely to receive an ample discussion , he certainly should comply with the wish expressed , for putting it off till after the holidays.—After a few words from Mr. Rose and Mr. G. Vansittart , the conversation dropped . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the production of a `` Copy of any orders which may have been issued by the Lords of his Majesty 's treasury in Ireland since the union , affecting the half pay of officers on the Irish establishment , when employed in England . `` —The noble Lord stated his object to be , to ascertain