source of justice and equity , who instead of being shocked at the horrors of that case , —Ithe illegality of it as well as the cruelty , —could had nothing to excite his indignation in the first instance , but the audacity of the sufferer , who had dared to complain ? Was he prepared to say , that the whole statement was false ; that the whole narrative was fictitious ; that there were no scourging , no transportation , no forged testimonies , no decisions of two successive governments , pronouncing ; either the patty to be innocent , or the proceedings against him to have been illegal , or the educe insufficient ? If be was not prepared to say this , if it was impossible that he should be so , if the nature of the transaction and I the means of information did not admit the I possibility of proof such as could counteract the presumption arising from the facts above stated , or iii the supposition , either of guilt or innocence , reconcile the proceedings to say idea of justice , how was it to be borne , I that a person standing in the situation of the noble lord , should have passed over all these enormities , and have discovered no ground of complaint , but against the person who had presumed to recite them ? spoke to order , and observed , that the correspondence alluded to by the right hon . gent , had no connexion with the question before the House . contended that he was strictly in order , as the question of martial law , which was the consequence of die 23d of July , naturally led to the consideration of the opinions of the noble and learned lord , who , from his high situation , was presumed to take a chief part in the administration of public affairs , and who , at the time of passing the law in question , was expressly stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer as a security that no improper use would be made of it . spoke to order , and trusted the right hon . gent , would see the impropriety of putting the noble lord , as it were , on his trial , when the motion related ; 801 solely to the insurrection of the 23d of July . maintained that the right hon . gent , was in order.—A general cry of chair & chair & prevailing , declared , that he did not see the connexion between the correspondence alluded to and the question ; but as the House had suffered the subject to be introduced and commented upon , other gentlemen might be allowed the same indulgence . Much would , however , depend upon the manner in which it might be treated . then resumed his speech , and having recapitulated some of his former statements , he concluded with observing , that he could not conceive a graver case , or one which pressed itself more strongly for inquiry on the judgment of the House , said , that he could not but blame the right hon . gent. , ( Mt . Windham ) who was formerly one of the most eager opponents to all inquiry , but who was now its most zealous champion . He knew that there were occasions where sentiments might be changed , without any abandonment of principle . Some gentlemen might smile , but his conduct , he trusted , was , and ever had been such , as to meet and defy every inquiry . He proceeded to remark , that the gentlemen on the other side had shewn little decorum in their change of opinion , and was surprised that those who had formerly sanctioned a system of severity in Ireland , should now express so great anxiety for the people of that country . It had been admitted that no imputation was thrown on the hon . general alluded to , and there were certainly no circumstances in the conduct of the Irish govt . which could