on their names being balloted they should be placed on a separate list , and that on any one of them quitting his corps he should be called upon to serve by himself or substitute to fill up the first vacancy that occurred in the sub-division.—He also proposed that no person should be exempted from serving or finding a substitute , who did not attend the exercise of his corns 24 days in the course of the year.—Another clause went to enable the deputy lieutenants or magistrates to apportion the quotas for the militia and army of reserve , having regard to the number of volunteers in any particular place . Another clause inflicted penalties for the sale of arms belonging to government , or inducing a volunteer to sell his arms , and to enable commanding officers to have a place for keeping arms , the expense to be paid by the receiver-general of the land tax.—Another clause enabled commanding officers to dismiss any one from a corps , and another to prevent any dispute about withdrawing from a corps , by enacting , that where a commanding officer shall refuse to accept the resignation tendered by any member of the corps , the latter may appeal to the lord lieut . or deputy lieut . who shall decide in a summary way . said , he should have been extremely happy if the right hon . gent , who had just spoken , had relieved him from the necessity of addressing the Committee upon the present occasion ; but as the matter stood , lie was under that necessity . He was not desirous of particularly or tenaciously adhering to one mode rather than another , provided he saw that the substance of the thing he wanted was likely to be secured , and which appeared to him absolutely necessary to be accomplished . It was indifferent to him whether that was done by means of clauses in the bill or by the executive government , in virtue of any discretionary power given for that purpose , provided he found an assurance that it would be done ; in that case , he should have been ready to acquiesce with government in any mode they might think expedient to adopt , but from the speech of the right hon . gent . that matter was left wholly uncertain , whether any thing that might amount to the substance of his proposal would be acceded to , on one or two of the most important points , as it appeared to him , in the whole of the volunteer system ; he must therefore state to the Committee the ground of his proposal , that they might consider whether clauses would not be better than to leave the matter open to any discretion whatever.—He should take first that point which with 674 him was the most important object in his mind in the present crisis ; namely , that which was to render the volunteers as well accomplished as possible in point of discipline ; and he had the good fortune to have the concurrence of the right hon . gent , upon the importance of that subject , as he had admitted the necessity of calling out all the corps , and having them trained and exercised frequently for the purpose of improving them in discipline , and that this should be done as early as possible , and he had assured the Committee that the executive government would enforce this measure . But , Mr. Pitt said , he doubted whether it would not be necessary to insert a clause in the bill I for that purpose , in order to have the thing done as effectually and distinctly as it should be . He was aware there was a clause in the bill of last year for that purpose , which gave power to his Majesty to assemble the volunteers , at his command , on the appearance of invasion , hut there required something more than the actual appearance of invasion , or a general appearance of actual invasion , as it was generally described