, some doubt was thrown out , that the bill before the House was one that affected the interest of the crown , and that , therefore , the royal assent ought to have been signified . He was ready at that time , and he was ready now , if it were proper , to shew that the bill was conformable , to the precedents of the Parliament of Ireland . He also understood , though on this point he could not speak so positively , that it was not without precedent in the Parliament of Gt . Britain before the Union , and in the Imperial Parliament , since the Union , there were precedents , viz . the three different acts which had passed relative to these duties ; it was true they were only annual bills , and therefore he did not rely entirely upon them . But though there 831 were precedents of that nature , if it could enter into the imagination of any man that this measure trenched upon any constitutional principle , he certainly would be the last man to take advantage of them . But as there had not been sufficient time since the doubts had been thrown out , to ascertain how the principle stood affected by this proceeding , he should , in order that full time may be given for consideration , move to postpone the committee till Monday . said , that the great doubts and difficulties which had arisen in his mind upon the subject were founded upon the circumstance of this bill being perpetual , therefore he did not conceive that annual bills could be considered as ' any precedent . The . motion was then agreed to . moved the order of the day for going into a Committee on the Volunteer Consolidation Bill . The House having resolved itself into a committee , the rt . hon . Secretary proceeded to propose some new clauses . The first was , to invalidate any agreements that might have been entered into between masters and servants , by which the latter were prevented from entering into volunteer corps . The next was a clause to repeal a clause in a former bill , compelling the parish to pay the drill Serjeants ; they are in future to be paid out of the public purse . These clauses were agreed to.—The next was a clause authorising the commander of a corps , in case of any member misbehaving himself , to deprive him of that day 's pay , or else to disallow that day as one of his day 's of exercise . said , the clause now proposed would have some effect , but still he did not think it would be sufficient . He had prepared some clauses upon this subject , which would go a little farther . One of them was to give the commander of a corps a power to order any member misbehaving himself while under arms , into custody during the time the corps remained under arms ; to inflict fines as high as 5s.in cases of non-attendance , not taking care of their arms , & c. He did not think that this would give any offence to the volunteer corps , because it certainly was not an unnecessary severity . He meant this to be a general clause applicable to all corps . If a person should feel himself dissatisfied with these regulations , which he did not think probable , still they had the power to resign . But he entertained no apprehensions upon the subject , and he should certainly take an opportunity of proposing them in some stage of the bill . said , he very much approved 832 of the regulations suggested by the right hon . gent , but he was apprehensive that some corps in town would feel a degree of jealousy upon the subject . They were in many respects different from most of the corps in the country ; they received no pay , and many of the members who kept shops , who perhaps had only one