that the members of the volunteer associations do not by any means so understand it . I should wish to know the sentiments of his Majesty 's ministers upon this question . Last session it was understood that the volunteers were to be drilled only on Sundays , in order that the progress of their discipline should not interfere with their respective avocations . This is a collateral circumstance , but is yet material to the point in view ; because , if it were the object of the framers of the bill to make the volunteers , within any reasonable time , convertible into an efficient force , they undoubtedly would , as they ought , to have prescribed that much more time should be devoted to the learning of military discipline ; in fact , that no time should be lost . But , according to the original principle of the bill , the volunteers were not in any case to go into the army , that is , to enter into 213 the regular regiments as regular soldiers . I agree with the right hon . gent , under the gallery , that the volunteers should be allowed pay for such days as they are called upon to attend drill , for it would be extremely unfair to admit the idea , that industrious men of family should be expected , from patriotism , to devote so much of their time to military service for the public good , without any pecuniary compensation ; although I can not , comprehend clearly , and where I can comprehend can not approve , the other remarks he made upon the subject . I should be glad , indeed , to hear in what light those remarks are regarded by ministers , by whom the generality of the observations of the right hon . gent , on the same bench with me ( Air . Windbam ) seem to be quite misconceived ; and I am the more anxious that those observations should be clearly represented , as they happen to be so expressive of the opinions that I myself hold . The right hon . gent . did notsay , as the noble lord stated and argued upon , that the volunteers formed a force that was locked up from the public use ; but that many of those who might have composed the necessary increase of the regular army were locked up in the institution ; and so they are , by the exemptions which volunteers enjoyed from being ballotted for the militia or the army of reserve . This was the complaint of the right hon . gent , and it is mine Another right hon . gent , on the same bench with me ( Mr. T. Grenville ) has observed , that no recruits are likely to enter into the army from the volunteer corps . It does not appear to me desirable that such a thing should be sought for . I hope it can never be in the contemplation of any man to use any compulsion for such purpose , towards those who have entered into volunteer corps , under the express understanding which the bill contains . The honour of the country , and the character of the legislature , forbid it . I trust that in no event will an attempt be made to seduce the volunteers to enlist , because such an attempt would be a violation of the terms upon which they became volunteers : and I am pretty sure that no man has entered into those associations , under the idea that he was at any time to be transferred to a regular regiment ; and , from the rank in life which she generality of the volunteers hold , any effort to recruit the army from among them would be attended with very inconsiderable success , if any . Indeed , I do not at all like the idea , as it is inconsistent with the nature of the engagements as they understood it upon entering into the volunteer corps . Whatever I may think of the