provisions for putting them under martial law in the event of their being called into actual service , but left his Majesty to make such rules and regulations for their discipline as he should think fit . He must , then , observe , that , whatever ought to be done in this respect , it was not necessary to make it part of the present bill ; it was only necessary to vote the money wanted for pay and allowances.—With respect to the allowances , there could be no question as to those granted to volunteer corps accepted previous to the 1st of Aug. , but it had been said that similar liberality had not been shewn to the corps accepted since . He begged leave to observe , that in the allowances to the latter , ministers had in view the provisions of the defence act , and wished to assimilate the allowances as much as possible to those to which those persons who would have been called out under that act would have been called to , 20 days pay . In point of fact , he believed , that most of the corps had exercised 40 or 50 days in the course of the year , which was a strong proof of their zeal . He agreed it was of importance that in the course of the next 3 months , the volunteer corps ought to exercise more frequently , in order to perfect themselves in discipline.—The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had proposed , that corps should be invited to assemble on permanent pay and duty , and Lad also proposed two modes for inspecting these corps . The first , that they should have regular officers as assistant field-officers to receive pay ; and the other , that they should borrow for the time , officers from regiments of the line . He was friendly to the principle of corps assembling for a certain time on permanent pay and duty : and if it should appear to be the wish of a sufficient number of volunteers in any particular district so to assemble , they might be permitted to do so 671 by his Majesty , without any provision on that subject being necessary in the present bill . All that would be necessary , would be to vote the requisite sum * of money . Permanent duty was certainly the best state in which discipline could be learnt , but as to giving more than 20 days pay , it became a question for consideration , how far an equivalent would be received for that increased pay . Ha thought there was considerable danger in applying general rules to this subject ; it might be proper in some cases to give the increased pay , whilst in others it would not ; in each case , it must depend upon circumstances , but , certainly , there need not be any proviso introduced upon the subject in the present bill.—Another point adverted to had been that of field officers , which he now understood the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) to say , was only intended to apply to those corps who applied for such assistance . He at first understood it 'differently , but at any rate there was no difficulty in the business , as His Majesty on the recommendation of the lord lieut . might appoint such held officers or others to volunteer corps as he should think fit . As to the pay to be given to these officers , it had been thought advisable not to give permanent pay to those officers appointed to corps accepted prior to June last , but if they held a commission in the army to allow them their half pay , and this upon the principle that they were held to be persons who did nor want such assistance.—With respect to these modern corps , no allowance was made , except for an Adjutant . It might be said , that allowances ought to have been made ; but it was not necessary for