transacting the business of the nation . When the minds of the public were filled with grief and alarm , at the indisposition of his Majesty at two former periods , this rule had been adopted and written in the Parliamentary Records , in order to form a guide to the legislature and the ministers how they were to act in the event of such a case happening again . What , therefore , he understood , by the declaration which had been made , was , that his Majesty was in such a state of health , and possesed of ail the faculties necessary for the discharge of the royal functions , that he was not prevented from coming down to Parliament , and transacting the business of the nation . In order , then , to prevent all misunderstanding , he would wish that the noble and learned lord would inform him , whether the sense in which he understood tile answer which had been given was correct . When the nation was , on two former occasions , tilled with sorrow , at an event similar to the present , the noble and learned lord who then sat on the woolsack , had satisfied the House , by declaring that he Lad waited on his Majesty in person , and on his own authority and observation declared to the House , that his Majesty was in a situation capable of discharging the functions of government . At a subsequent period , another noble lord , who then sat on the woolsack , bad affixed his seal to a commission for pissing bills in that House , which was one of the most important functions of government ; thereby making himself personally responsible for the capability of his Majesty to discharge those very functions ; and ibis was the very act which diffused joy and satisfaction over the nation at that time . He would , therefore , wish some explicit declaration were made by the learned lord , whether his idea of what had been said , in answer to his noble friend , was just ? said , that from that 642 attachment and duty which he owed to his Majesty , no consideration should make him swerve so far , as to make him go into what he conceived an unnecessary and improper explanation . At the time of passing the resolution to which the noble lord pointed , the two Houses of Parliament were about to exercise a very uncommon act of power , to the due and ordinary discharge of which , the : concurrence of his Majesty was , by the constitution of this country , essential . The best answer , therefore , which he could make to ; the question put by the noble lord , so as to evince his conviction of the state of his Majesty 's health , was , that , if a similar act were mw in agitation , and he were called on to affix the seal to it , he should think himself ; guilty of a breach of his duty in so doing , under the present circumstances , without first having an interview with his Majesty , and requesting to know his royal will on the subject . This was all he had to say , and no consideration whatever should induce him to say any thing further on the subject at present , —The question was then put , and the bill ordered to be read a second time on Monday . said , that the words of the noble lord on the woolsack , so far from proving satisfactory to him , convinced him of the necessity of some farther conversation on the subject , before the second reading of the bill an Monday . called the attention of the House to a subject on which he had on former occasions given notice on his intention to bring forward a motion . He alluded to the enormous paper circulation of the country : on this important topic he should probably take the opportunity which the second reading of the