was the further effect ? Why , that neither the militia nor army of reserve could ever be properly filled up ; it was utterly impossible that they should , for all the best men are serving already in the volunteers , as well as some of the most unfit ; and I know it to be a fact , that there are not men who could be drawn to serve in the militia to the number intended to be raised of that body ; the same may also be said with regard to the army of reserve . How then is the recruiting of the army to go on ? I have no difficulty in saying , that , in the present state of things , it is impossible . Those who would have constituted the army of reserve and militia , are now filling up the ranks of the volunteers . Such being the effect of the volunteer system : and so , the best course now to be taken is , that to make the volunteer system as beneficial , and at the same time as palatable to the public as possible , and to bring them to as a good a state of discipline as is applicable to a torce of that nature . Ministers then had recourse to the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General , in order to get over another difficulty which they felt themselves under , and tiles learned gentlemen gave it as their opinion , that the volunteers were exempted from the army of reserve ; after which came the question whether a volunteer could resign or not ? Sir , it always was my opinion , that a volunteer could resign whenever he pleased , and return his arms , if he had any ( it was a long time before they could get any but while a man remained in the corps there were means of rendering him liable to pay fines for his nonattendance , and which fines were levied upon his goods if he had any . But here again the law stopt short , for if he had no goods , there was no way of imposing any other penalty on ; he volunteer , so that a man might walk out of the service when he pleased . But the right hon . gent , has , to my great surprise and joy declared , that if the Court of Kings Bench had not decided the law to be that a volunteer could resign as it has done , he should have proposed to make the law so ; 447 now , I must confess that this struck me extremely , for it is to be remembered be red , that the right hon . gent , sent to all the lieutenants of the counties , who , in their turn again sent to all the magistrates , as the exposition of the law , the opinion of the two law officers of the crown , the Attorney and Solicitor General , and upon the strength of this , magistrates had acted all over the country , which opinion was , that a volunteer con id not resign , an which opinion tinned out no to be law . Without intending the least disrespect for the two learned gentlemen who give their opinion , this erroneous opinion , for so I am now bound to call it , since a court of law has pronounced it to be so , and without intending any thing disrespectful of that opinion , for must be allowed to say , that it was an opinion which led the magistrates into error , for they acted upon that opinion as if it was a sound exposition of tile law of the land.—Sorry should I have been , to have found that this opinion was consonant to the law of the land ; but I was very much surprized , though greatly rejoiced , at what I heard from the right hon . gent tonight upon that subject , and I think that the public at large have a