the application of his speech to the bill now before the House . He had paid great attention to that speech , and could not distinguish any one part which he could adapt to the bill , until he came towards the conclusion . He , therefore , should not follow the right hon . gent . through the windings and turnings which he had taken to arrive at the point , but proceed to that point immediately ; and he must take occasion to lament that the House had been so often troubled upon the occasion . The greater part of the right hon . gentleman 's speech , was composed of hyper-criticisms upon a variety of circular letters , which did not apply in the least to the present bill . He would merely state the outline of it to call gentlemen 's attention back , and then he trusted it would be suffered to go to a committee , where every one would have an opportunity of delivering his opinion , and strikeout any thing which might eventually contribute to the general perfecting of the measure . The right hon . gent . had been arguing , as if he conceived the bill was introduced as one compleatly perfect , and adapted to answer every purpose for which it was intended . It certainly was not so introduced . It was impossible on a subject of such great and serious moment that it could be rendered perfect all at ones . He had never considered it so . Time , experience , and attention were the best ingredients to make it perfect . The right hon . gent . bad stated , that before the recess , ministers had promised to re-consider the subject fully . Undoubtedly , such a promise was made , and had been acted upon , but then it did not of necessity imply a direct and positive pledge to bring a measure forward , which , in its formation , should be perfectly new . Every attention had been given on his part ; and , the more he considered , the more he was convinced , that the less he attempted to do towards making the measure perfect the better , as it could 538 only be perfected from the united efforts of the whole House . The right hon . gent . in his view of the subject , seemed to take two leading features , namely , with respect to the exemptions and the right of resignation ; to the latter , some very material doubts were entertained . These doubts it was the chief object of the present bill to do away ; and also by a consolidation of the other existing laws relative to the volunteers , to clear up any misapprehension upon the subject , and get rid of those verbal incongruities of which he now so strenuously complained.—With respect to the papers to which he had alluded being `` the system of the volunteers , '' he could assure the right . hon . gent . that no such title had been given by government . The only passage in the right hon . gentleman 's speech which referred to the bill , was that in which he staled , that he conceived the better plan to be adopted would be to postpone the further consideration of the measure , in order to give an opportunity for forming a committee of inquiry , to examine into the system in general , and thereon might be founded a new bill , preferable , in every respect , to the present one , and calculated to provide for the defence and security of the kingdoms.—This , however , in his opinion , would be an unnecessary postponement , because , if the present system is radically bad , then it must operate ? as a good reason with gentlemen to propose ; another , which might be done without the trouble of forming a committee . Understanding , however , the right hon . gent . to be friendly to the system in general , he should