be the conduct of ministers , let not this House be deficient in their duty . Let us shew that we are impressed with suitable views of the whole circumstances of the empire , and that nothing on our part shall be wanting to contribute to its general honour , independence , and safety . —Sir before I proceed to notice the other parts of 514 the speech of the hon . gent . who has just sat down , I beg leave to make a few observations on a subject which he appears to have viewed in a very important light . The subject I refer to , is the particular description employed in my first explanation to the hon . Baronet , who introduced the question , where I spoke of myself and my colleagues , as his Majesty 's confidential servants . In making use of this expression , I merely employed a term long used , and perfectly well understood in this House . In using it , it was very far indeed from my wish , to hold out , in the most distant manner , the idea that any confidential servant of his Majesty was at all freed from the gravest responsibility . I do not mean to dispute the position , that with this House must ultimately rest the determination , whether any steps may be supposed requisite to meet any extraordinary emergency arising from the suspension of the royal functions , or whether any measures beyond the common course of procedure may be adopted . The hon . gent. , however , seems to insinuate , that there is , on the part of his ! Majesty 's ministers , a desire to with-hold communication when it is loudly called for by the circumstances of the country ; on the contrary , Sir , I affirm positively , that there is , on our part , no unworthy wish of concealing any degree of information which , consistently with our duly , could possibly be disclosed . We are anxious that nothing which ought to be known should be withheld , while we are desirous of being regulated by that delicacy , which , on a subject of this nature , is , on all hands , allowed to be so important . His Majesty 's ministers , in the conduct which they have hitherto pursued , have flattered themselves that they consulted the wishes and the feelings of a great majority of the House , as well as the public ; and if they now abstain from any communication , it is from a sincere conviction , that it would be inexpedient , and that , instead of being subservient to any useful purpose , it might only furnish grounds for discussions , at all times to be reprobated but more especially to be avoided in the present circumstances of the empire . We are sensible , Sir , that in following this line of conduct , we subject ourselves to a most perilous responsibility . We are aware , that in the performance of our duty to the Sovereign , we are not to overlook what we owe to the safety of the country , at a period of unexampled danger . It is not calling for too much credit , to ask of the House , to believe , that before our determination was formed , these considerations were maturely weighed , and that the result of these determinations has been made 515 liable to a responsibility , greater than ever was experienced We are not ignorant how far our obligation extends , and it is only after contemplating the subject in every possible light , that our resolution has been declared . I have to repeat then , as I said in the first instance , that any communication given under the present circumstances could afford no national advantage , while it might give rise to material inconvenience . The hon . gent . who spoke last will surely not contend , that on every occasion when , by temporary illness , the functions of the Sovereign are