. gent . has not entered into any derail of the mode by which he means to raise the men : if lie can raise as many new regiments and battalions as may be wanted , by direct recruiting at moderate bounties , without having the circumstance of undue grants in consequence of I shall be glad . If there be reasonable hopes of such a plan , I should wish it to be tried , and should most heartily wish it success . I do not say how fur it may or may not be advantageous to the country to adopt a total suspension of the army of reserve for a while ; but I am strongly of opinion , that with a view to the successful augmentation of the army , and the keeping it up effectually in time of war , it must be done by some measure that has at least the effect of keeping down bounties , and that can never be accomplished until the present competition in the services shall have been abolished . I think , however , that you can not have the mini with the same promptness , nor under the same discipline , without a measure somewhat partaking of the character of your army of reserve , and that will operate in different prirts of the counties more ; directly than any other . Some regulations with regard to substitutes , and to confine the bounties within a moderate compass , will , I believe , be found more effectual than any 1084 other mode . I think , however , that to supply the army in this way , will be found a more effectual mode than that of the ordinary progress of recruiting for the army in the first instance ; for I have been told by many men of experience , and I have found by my own , that men , as , indeed , it is natural we should expect , without experience , are more ready to enter into that species of service which is limited in extent and duration , which is the nature of the army of reserve , than into that of a general service , which has no limits of time or place . This we all experienced in the course of the last war iii the militia . We have already found in this war , that men have been ready to enter into the army of reserve , independent of the bounty , on account of the service being limited in point of time ; and we have found , that when men come together , and after they have acquired military habits , they take inclinations from each other , and are tempted by a natural spirit of courage and emulation among their comrades , to extend their services , and upon which they manifest a desire of going into the regular army , and therefore , believe that as a matter of permanent policy , as well as that of a temporary purpose , or immediate effort , you will find it prudent , instead of giving up the system of the army of reserve , to retain something of its principle , and indeed I collected from the speech we have just heard , it was not the intention of the right hon . gent , to give it up altogether , but only to suspend the provisions of it for a while . I should rather think it better to shape the plan of the army of reserve differently from what it is at present , and to attach it afterwards , as much as you may , to the regular force , by uniting it , by means of moderate bounties , to the different battalions , as second regiments or battalions ; for by this mode you will have all the advantages of local attachments , which men have , and the willingness they have to go together in almost every service : this will , in a considerable degree , be always the case where men are raised by districts ,