manufacture in each country would justify the House in acting upon such principle ; and here it was material to be recollected that linen was the staple trade of Ireland . said , that the schedule of the taxes laid before Parliament last session was very generally circulated among the merchants in Ireland ; but he was ready to admit that there was some difference between that and the schedule now before the Committee . recommended , that time should be taken to examine and compare the schedule now before the Committee with that of last year , which his right hon . friend had stated to have been circulated among the persons interested in the taxes referred to ; and if any substantial difference should be found to exist he was sure that his hon . friend would be as willing as any member of the House , to press the adoption of the bill until the Irish merchants should have full opportunity to canvass the merits , and to state their opinions upon every part of the schedule ; at the same time he begged to call to the recollection of gentlemen , that 3 years had now nearly elapsed since it was known to be in contemplation to render those taxes perpetual , that is to say , to assimilate the concerns of the Irish revenue to the practice which prevailed in this country , and to the soundness of the principle , he conceived , that no objection could be offered , for cither the proposed annual review of those taxes must be a mere parade , or the public creditor must be , inn great measure , insecure . The noble lord then moved , that the chairman should be directed to report progress , and ask leave to sit again . expressed his hope that that postponement was a prelude to the abandonment altogether of this obnoxious plan of taxation . said , that if it was intended to render those taxes perpetual , nothwithstanding all that had been urged to the contrary , the House might as well come to a vote on the subject this night ; but if the purposed delay was merely a temporary retreat , from a consideration that it would be more decorous to give apparent time for the consideration of the schedule , and that the time of the House was meant to be again occupied with the same discussion , he could not forbear to condemn such an expedient . observed , that no gent , was in titled to assume from any thing that had fallen from his noble friend , that it was at all intended to abandon the proposed assimilation of the mode of taxation in Ireland , with that which existed in this country . The only delay proposed in the progress of the measure was until tomorrow , and the only motive of that delay was to give an opportunity to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Corry ) , to compare the two schedules for the purpose described by his noble friend . pressed strongly for further time , from a sense of duty to a great proportion of his constituents , the merchants of Dublin , who were particularly interested , 846 and whose opinion ought to be consulted before such a bill were suffered to pass the House . The motion was agreed to that the Chairman should report progress , and ask leave to sit again to-morrow . The House resumed , and the Chairman obtained leave accordingly . moved , that this bill be re-committed . The right hon . gent , proposed several verbal amendments , which were agreed to.—On the clause for allowing commanding officers of corps to discharge men for certain specified clauses , Mr. Secretary York proposed , that after these specifications these words should be added , `` or for other good causes . '' The right hon . gent , observed , that this power of dismissal is only to belong to volunteer officers while in a disembodied state , but that when they shall be called into actual