877 dered as asking too much , why we can have but a force to meet the enemy in his own way , a part of which is to be ready only in 3 months , and the remainder , the greater part , to be compleated in not less than 6 ? If we have been preparing for a considerable time ; with all the efforts of which the country is capable , an immense land force ; if government be serious in the notice which it 1ms given , and in the alarm which it has diffused , of the attack that menaces our independence said even our existence ; if we are now ready to contend on our native soil with an enemy waiting for a favourable moment to make a descent in that class of vessels peculiarly adapted to cross the Channel ; I hope I shall not be thought unreasonable in * asking , why the best and most effectual means of meeting and triumphing over the danger , have been so long suspended ; and why a part of our counteracting exertions , in the naval department of our strength , has been deferred for three months , and the more considerable part has been postponed for the space of six months ? This will constitute the object of the second motion , with which I shall trouble the House . I shall not , thinking , as I do , that it would bean unprofitable waste of time , undertake to shew , that the means of our national defence , with respect to the use of gun-boats , have been improperly used ; and that when it was found necessary to resort to them , they were only attempted too late to be effectual . I have now to state what has been done in the course of the last war , when the occasion was less pressing , and the circumstances were , under every point of view , of a less imperious nature : and I have to assure the House , that if the proper documents be granted , I shall undertake , to prove the truth of the assertions , which I may feel it my duty to bring forward . Gentlemen will , no doubt , recollect , that in l794 and 1801 , it was found necessary to augment the tame species of naval force to which have this evening alluded . What was the conduct of government at each of these periods ? A considerable number of gun-boats was got ready in the two first periods , with weeks only ; and the same activity of preparation was carried on with success in the year 1801 , within the space of from 12 to 14 weeks . Instead of any exertion now , similar to those instances which I have mentioned , we are . informed , that the greater part of our means of defence is to be completed within 6 months , and that a few gunboats will be ready at the end of three.—Thus , Sir , I am warranted in maintaining Shat here we have sufficient grounds for 878 motion to address his Majesty , that he might I be graciously pleased to use additional vigour and expedition in preparing and maturing our naval means of defence against the enemy 's armaments ; for employing redoubled activity against the danger with winch we are threatened ; and for guarding the narrow seas with more strictness and vigilance . These , it will not be denied , constitute objects of true constitutional inquiry , and they form a most satisfactory ground for me to demand the information which I desire may be laid before this Mouse.—In the like manner I also propose , `` that an humble address be presented to his Majesty , for a copy of the contracts made , and the orders given , by the . lords of the Admiralty , in 1793 , . 1797 , and 1803 , with respect to the number of gun-vessels to be built , distinguishing the time at which the contract