by them . said , he wished that the attention of the House might be called to this subject , in order that there might be no farther delay . The act relating to the cotton manufacturers and their servants , originated in a petition from the journeymen weavers and their masters , for the purpose of settling the disputes which had arisen between them . The bill was depending a long time , and no objection was made to it . When , however , the bill was passed and was to be carried into execution , the masters took a most extraordinary way to get rid of its operation . By the provisions of the bill an arbitrator was to be appointed to decide the disputes between the masters and journeymen : some of the masters , however , 474 appointed arbitrators who lived at the distance of 300 miles , and appointed a place of meeting at an equal distance , thus entirely defeating the object of the bill . The subject was again brought forward last session , and a bill was brought in , which , at the period he left town , in July , he considered to have been finally settled 5 it was , however , afterwards withdrawn , and the subject still remained for discussion . The cotton manufacturers , it appeared , objected to any interference between themselves and their journeymen , except that of the magistrate . He saw no reason why a law might not be passed applicable to that object . In the silk trade more had been done , as the magistrates had been enabled to settle the rate of wages . This law was passed in consequence of continued disputes between the masters and workmen , in the course £ which the latter had been guilty of the greatest excesses . This law might be extended to the cotton trade with much less difficulty , as in the cotton trade there were above 1O00 articles to become the object of the wages of workmen , whilst in the cotton trade there were not above 100 . He thought the present subject was one of considerable importance , and that the consideration of it ought not to be delayed—A Committee was then appointed in conformity with the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . rose to move the order of the day for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee upon the Irish bank restriction bill.—On the motion being put that the Speaker do now leave the chair , rose to recall the attention of the House to the notice he had given on a former day , of his intention to move the introduction of a clause , imposing an obligation on the Directors of the Bank of Ireland to restrain the further issues of notes—The noble lord then proceeded to state , that it was not his intention now to propose the clause to which he had alluded . He had made it his business to examine into the subject with the greatest care , and he had endeavoured to ascertain the sentiments of persons the best informed on matters connected with the situation of Ireland ; and the result , of his inquiries had been , a conviction that it would , for the present , be expedient not to press the motion . He begged leave , however , to be indulged with making a few observations , to shew that he had not taken up the idea without due consideration , or without endeavouring to avail himself of every means of correct knowledge on a subject of such was importance and in 475 terest . The present situation of the paper currency in Ireland was one which ought to excite the utmost vigilance and anxiety . It was a subject to which he had felt it his duly seriously to call the attention of ministers and of the House . The measure of restriction generally , he could not help thinking a great national evil . It struck him not only as a great but a growing calamity .