militia to Ireland in I ? OS , but he could not help being a little surprised that the right hon . gent , who was so eager for the measure then , should now oppose one which was founded on the same same principle . It would certainly , however , be necessary to give forces of some sort in place of these 10,000 men , and he saw no description of force that could so well answer the purpose , as those very men that were to be taken away . He would therefore vote for the amendment . explained , by observing that he had never been very eager on the subject , and if he had , it would not have been inconsistent with his present conduct , as the times were materially different . opposed the amendment ; and in answer to what had fallen from a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , in asserting that he was not an eager and warm supporter of the measure in the last war , for enabling his Majesty to accept the offers of several regiments of the Eritish militia to serve in Ireland ; and 1094 that , so far from eagerly supporting that measure , he had said nothing on the occasion ; he could not but exceedingly regret that the right hon . gent , had on that occasion , sat silent , instead of speaking those objections to the constitutionality of the measure which he had offered this night . His very silence on the former occasion was a proof of his approbation of it then ; for if he entertained those opinions on the former occasion , which he had expressed on the present , then had he acted very inconsistently with his duty as a member of parliament ; and after being silent upon the first introduction of such a measure , it ill became him to express those objections now . But , whatever disposition the House might feel to indulge the right hon . gent , with a delay of this measure , it should not be forgotten that a prompt respect was due to the gallant and patriotic ardour of the Irish militia ; for what must they think , on being told that the services which they so gallantly offered could not be accepted without a breach of faith with them ? His hon . friend who had last sat down who opposed the measure , did not seem to observe , that in approving the ardour of the Irish militia on this occasion , and promising to take into their consideration his Majesty 's recommendation , the wording of the proposed address was extremely guarded , and only proposed to enable his Majesty to a certain limited extent to accept their services ; but surely it was not fitting that , during the whole period of the approaching recess , those gallant militia regiments , and the govt . of Ireland , through whom their offer came , should remain in suspense and uncertainty on this subject , and be left in doubt whether or not the parliament would enable his Majesty to accept their loyal and spirited offer.—As to the idea that there could be any intention suddenly to strip Ireland of 10,000 men , nothing could be more erroneous . The object winch govt . had in view was that so often desired by those gent , who now opposed this measure ; namely , to set at liberty a dispose able force of 10,000 men for of delusive operations . It was not intended suddenly to withdraw the whole of the 10,000 from that country ; but 5000 brought hither , would set at liberty as many troops of the line from the establishment of this country , and those might be replaced by 3000 of another species of force to Ireland , winch would set at liberty 5000 troops of the line there 1095 too . But it was by no means the intention to diminish the strength of Ireland . It had been objected , that the measure