whom his hon . friend was one , should have the command , and that all the other officers should be elected by the corps , which right of election to fill up any vacancies that might afterwards occur , was to rest with the members of the corps . This offer of service was accented without any objection , either expressed or implied , to the conditions upon which the offer was made . A case of this kind , therefore , and perhaps there were many quite similar , he would submit it to the candour of ministers , and the justice of the House , was entitled to exception from any ride that it was intended to make general . After a few more remarks upon the propriety of strictly keeping faith with the volunteers , he concluded with expressing his confidence , that minister 's possessed a sincere disposition to do justice to the pretensions and lo gratify the feelings of that gallant body . observed , that the hon . gent , who had just spoken , had not followed his right hon . friend very closely in his ob- 440 servations upon the speech , by which this subject was brought before the house . His right hon . friend had stated what was the principle on which the volunteers proceeded previous to their existence as a regular body , and what was to be understood of their power after they were erected into , and constituted a body . The sentiment of his right hon . friend upon that subject was this , that a popolar election was , generally speaking , contrary in principle to that discipline which is absolutely essential to every large military force ; and entertaining that idea , his right hon . friend conceived there was a distinction between that which a corps might do previous to its becoming a military body , and that which it might do after it had been formed into a military body . It was generally through the medium of the recommendation of the different corps that their officers were submitted for the approbation of his Majesty through the medium I of the secretary a state ; but none of them should have apprehended that they should have continued to have these recommendations after they had formed into a military body , because it was a principle which was in itself objectionable on the ground he had stated , that of a popular election , which was unfavourable to military discipline . In the first instance , that was , before they were formed into military bodies , there was no evil to be apprehended with respect to discipline , but the case was quite otherwise I after they were formed into military bodies . Having once been formed into military corps , it was a delicate thing to expose such a corps to the inconveniencies of a popular election . But his right hon . friend had made this distinction , and he had also stated , that although this general military principle operated upon ; the minds of his Majesty 's ministers , yet there were exceptions to this , where his Majesty had been pleased to recognize a custom of chusing the officiers by the men , and : where that was the case that custom should remain undisturbed , for that was what good faith required , This was the case with some military forces in the city of London ; this was the constitution of the military force raised in that city , and therefore although ; the principle of preventing military corps : being exposed to the inconvenience of a popular election of officers was extremely important to be preserved , yet in these excepted cases they were to be endured , and in such cases the principle had been relaxed , and in this instance experience had shewn that it might be relaxed without prejudice to the public safety . The principle itself was important , but it might be relaxed , and the discretion 441 which governed this principle could not be left in