uniformly and strenuously object to it . agreed , that nothing could be more commendable than the cautious jealousy expressed by the hon . baronet , respecting the application of the public money . He was anxious , however , that the house should rightly understand the object of the present motion . It was merely meant to do away an informality which has crept into a similar bill , brought forward last session , even after the commencement of 64 hostilities , and which passed through all its stages in that house , without having met with one dissentient voice . When the bill for enforcing the residence of the clergy , was under consideration last session , it was generally acknowledged , that its operation must press hard upon a certain description of curates , who might be reduced , both themselves and their families , to great distress , by the passing of that bill . It was not then , neither is it now , intended ) to make full and general compensation to all of that description , who may be deprived of their cures ; but merely to rescue from the most ruinous indigence , many meritorious curates , who may be more particularly injured by the non-residence bill . He was as sensible as any gentleman could be , of the propriety of observing a system of rigid economy ; but he was as equally satisfied , that the house would not wish that any system of that nature should stand in the way of the generosity , he had almost said the justice , which certain individuals , under certain circumstances , might have to expect at their hands , The house would , no doubt , the more incline to that opinion , when they understood that the sum to be proposed , for answering this object , was not to exceed 8,000l . and that that sum , small as it was , would be under the restrictions imposed by a bill which had already received the unanimous approbation of the house . He had only to repeat , that the object of the bill went merely to procure a temporary relief for indigent curates , and that the amount of that relief was not to exceed 8,000l.—The house having agreed to the motion , the right hon . gent , moved , `` that a sum not exceeding 8,000l . be granted for the relief of such curates as should be deprived of their cures in consequence of the bill compelling the residence of the incumbents . '' This motion was agreed to , and the resolution immediately reported . in a committee of ways and means , drew the attention of the committee to the notice which he had given yesterday , of his intention to move this day , for leave to issue exchequer bills to the amount of five million . He stated , that he had a satisfaction in mentioning , what he had no doubt the committee would feel a pleasure in hearing , that this motion , if agreed to , was the only application that would be made , for any supply , until a very advanced period of the session . He had also to observe with pleasure , that all the outstanding bills of 1802 were now paid off and that those only were in circulation , that were issued on the credit 65 of the services of 1803 , 4,500,000l . of which remained to be paid off . If the committee acceded to the present motion , there would also be an opportunity for the issue of new exchequer bills , for which there was now a considerable demand . So much would consequently be taken from the supply of the year ; but the whole of what he now moved for would be necessary for the public service , till the advanced period of the session , when the whole of the supply was voted , if particular information was called for on any of these points , he should be ready to give every explanation in