and more authorative information , the concurring testimony of all the five physicians who were in attendance on his Majesty.— said , that if things continued in the state they were at present , he should think it his duty to make a specific motion on the subject on an early day in next week . suggested whether it would not be right , that the proposition made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Corry ) for going into a committee on the Irish revenue acts , having for its object to replace acts which were not to expire till the 25th of March , should take place of another measure , the volunteer consolidation bill , the importance of which daily and hourly pressed stronger upon the country . said , that all the duties of Ireland would expire with the existing acts on the 25th of March next . It was therefore essential to forward the present measure , but if it was the pleasure of the House , to allow him to propose the schedule pro forma , and then to allow the report to be brought up tomorrow , that he might make such comments as he would have thought it neces- 665 sary to make this night in accompanying and explaining the schedule , he should be happy to accommodate himself to ( he superior urgency of the subject alluded to by the right horn gent . After a short conversation between Mr. Foster and Mr. Corry , the House went into the committee , the resolutions were agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow observed , that among the dropped orders , was one for the committal of the mutiny bill . He trusted , that the House would have no objection to forwarding this important measure now.—The House accordingly went into the committee . The report was ordered ; to be received to-morrow . moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a committee on the Volunteer Consolidation Bill . As there were several clauses to propose he suggested that it would be better to debate the principle of the bill on the report.—The House having resolved itself into a committee , the right hon . Secretary proposed several amendments in the body of the bill , the first of which went to confine the repeal of former laws to those relating to the yeomanry and volunteer corps of Great-Britain , it being thought better , he said , to leave the laws relating to the yeomanry and volunteer corps of Ireland as they stood . He also proposed to insert some words to render the fines and penalties under former acts recoverable . His next amendment went to authorise the continuance of the corps now in existence , unless his Majesty should please to discontinue the services of any corps , or part of a corps , by an order through the Secretary of State These amendments were severally agreed to . then rose to propose an amendment in the second clause . The House , he said , must be aware that the war was like to be of long duration , and it therefore became necessary to look towards a permanent system of defence . He thought that the exemptions tended to withdraw from the force of the country a great proportion of its population . With respect to these he wished to draw the line between those volunteers who had originally come forward on the purest principles of patriotism , and those who had afterwards come forward in order to avoid the compulsory provisions of the defence act . He wished only to extend the exemptions to those corps who had been accepted by his Majesty previous to the 27th of July 1803 , by which means they would only attach upon 80 or 666 90.000 men , whilst 250,000 of the flower of our youth would be brought back again into the general force of the country . He thought they ought to do all they could to rends r this great machine of the population