might have existed , in the first instance , as to its expediency , had been fully and satisfactorily obviated in the discussion which had taken place , on the subject 's being brought before the house . But though doubts had been entertained as to the propriety of the measure , during a period of peace , he had never heard its policy questioned during a period of war . Under the impression , therefore , that no doubts existed on the subject , he should take it for granted , that no objection would be made , in the present instance , to a renewal of the measure . It was satisfactory to know that the credit of the Bank had remained firm and unshaken , during the past experience of the measure , and that its sufficiency to make good its engagements , both was , and is , unaffected by even the slightest suspicion . It was highly to the credit of the Bank , too , that it had not availed itself of the dispositions of the act , to issue a quantity of paper exceeding the amount of its capital ; or abused the discretion , which a measure essential to the public welfare , necessarily left for its own private ends . It was , however , expedient , that the house should , from time to time , be made acquainted with the quantity of paper in circulation , and he proposed to move for an account of that which was actually in circulation at different periods during the last year ; but he should first move , `` for leave to bring in a bill , to continue , for a time to be limited , the restriction on the issues of cash by the Bank of England . '' —Sir ; I do not rise to oppose I the motion of the right Don . Gent . but to direct his attention , and that of the house , to the lamentable state to which the public are reduced by the want of circulating specie . The shameful practice of hoarding up cash , has been carried to such an excessive pitch , that it is with great difficulty , specie can be procured for the common purposes of life . I am sorry to observe the prevalence of this ungenerous feeling , at a crisis , which calls for every possible exertion ; and , I am assured , from the respectable authority of a principal banking-house , that , if the practice be net put a stop to , bankers 53 will in a short time not be able to procure specie for the fractional parts of change . I have seen too , in a newspaper of this morning , some resolutions of a respectable corporation , * calculated to meet the evil , and recommending the acceptance of dollars at a certain rate , and of French crowns and half crowns , in change . These observations I have thrown out , Sir , merely , to call the attention of the right hon . gent . to a grievance , which loudly calls for legislative interference . agreed with , the hon.gent . that the evil of which he complained , but too certainly existed ; and assured him , that it had been under the consideration of his Majesty 's government . He admitted that the hon.gent . had commented justly on the baseness of such a practice , at such a crisis . The remedy , however , rested with individuals , who might easily correct a practice , that was as inconsistent with public spirit , as it was with the duty of a good citizen.—The motion was then put , and leave given to bring in the bill . After which the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , `` that there be laid before the house an account of the amount of Bank of England notes in circulation on the 1st of June , 1st of August , 1st of October , and 25th of November , 1803 ; distinguishing the