the number , as is at present the mode of drawing for such forces . After a great deal of conversation , it was agreed that the point should be further discussed on the next report of the bill.—Upon the clause which states that volunteers who shall be discharged from neglect or another cause , shall be liable to the operation of the ballot towards the other services , a good deal of conversation took place , in the course of which Mr. Secretary Yorke observed , that any volunteer who served till the end of the war was meant to be secured from any ballot which might then take place . threw out for the consideration of members more conversant with the progress of balloting , than he was , how any volunteer who might resign or be discharged , and who might have been previously balloted , and exempted in consequence of his being a member of a volunteer corps , was to disposed of ; that is to say , whether such person was to go to the proportion of the parish to which he might originally belong , or was to become the property of the country ? This was a case which according to his judgment , ought to be decided on by Parliament.—After a few words from Sir W. Geary , the words `` or other misbehaviour , '' as proposed by Mr. G. Vansittart were added to the clause . On the clause that such adjutants , Serjeants , corporals , and drummers belonging to volunteer corps as receive permanent pay , should be subject to martial law , and to be tried by courts martial , a very long and desultory conversation arose . was of opinion , that no such courts martial could be regularly instituted , unless when the volunteers should be on permanent duty , because the order for executing any courts martial must be issued by the commander in chief , who could have no control over the volunteers until called out into actual service . said , that the clause was framed on the same principle as that which prevailed in the militia , among whom the description of persons who were alluded to in the clause wire subject to be tried by martial law , even when the militia were in a disembodied state . stated , that he had heard it . observed that courts martial could not he legally instituted to try any persons belonging to the militia when they were in a disembodied state . referred the right hon . gent , to the 42d of his Majesty , where the contrary was expressly enacted . replied , that this subject was under consideration , and that he was not yet able to say how the allowance , which it was deemed expedient 10 make to the description of persons alluded to , was to be provided for ; whether by an assessment upon the parish or united parishes to which the volunteer corps might belong , by a general county rate , or in any other , or what way . proposed , that the armourers of volunteer corps should also be subject to he tried by martial law.—To this amendment Mr. C. Wynne and Mr. Curwen objected , and upon the recommendation of Mr. Yorke , the consideration was postponed for the present . asked , whether it was intended that this clause should comprehend such Serjeants , & c. as were paid by the corns to which they belonged , or by their commanding officers , as well as those who received their pay from the public purse ? observed , that the clause was not new , but perfectly the same as that which had been enacted in the 42d of the King . said , that if the law was old it was rather surprising that he should have been told at the office of the right hon . gent. , to which he had some lime since occasion to resort , respecting the conduct of a certain drill Serjeant who had actually attempted to stir up mutiny