be supposed to render the motion necessary . There seemed to be no complaint against the Irish govt. , but that they had succeeded in tracing out treason in all its ramifications , and the only objection he should have expected from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) was , that the traitors had been punished by a vigour within , rather than a vigour beyond the law.—The present motion appeared to him to be brought forward , for the purpose of bringing those together , whom it was difficult to reconcile , and the circumstance reminded him of the story of goose , the fox , and the bag of corn he principal merit of the present motion , was , that it contrived to unite all parties in a common vote : gentlemen who could agree on no two subjects were thus made to vote all one way , and carry on appearances of unanimity against ministers more specious than teal . It was 802 like the contrivances sought by parents who had agreed on a match , how to bring the young people together . Some did it by a ball , some by a water party , and some by one way , and some by another ; but all contrived to help forward a matter very distinct from the apparent and avowed object . The late insurrection had not that importance which gentlemen were inclined to attach to it . It was a petty tumult , which accident had made of grater consequence than it otherwise would probably have been . He justified the vigilance of the Irish govt. , and again maintained his own consistency . He had formerly voted for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , and therefore , was justified even on that ground in doing so now . Upon the whole , he thought that no ground was made out to justify farther inquiry ; the government of Ireland appeared to have taken every precaution necessary , and actually suppressed the rebellion in a few hours . in explanation , said , that the paragraph in Faulkner 's Journal was alluded to , not with a view of detracting from that paper , but to ascertain the character of those who might be considered as the paymasters of that Journal . at the late hour to which the debate had been protracted , promised not to detain the House long . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) who had just sat down , had , it seems , brought forward a charge of inconsistency against a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) . He would leave the right hon . gent , to defend himself from the charge ; but must be allowed to express his opinion that such a charge came with singular propriety from the mouth of a gent. , who was a perfect model of consistency & He had also read the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) a lecture on decorum , as to the manner of changing opinions , perhaps , he thought it was quite decorous in members to change over from the opposition side of the House ; but utterly inconsistent with decorum to relinquish the sweets of office . The right hon . gent had challenged any person to prove one act of inconsistency in his conduct , and had produced one solitary ' instance , in which , formerly , he had voted for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . He ( Mr. Tierney ) on that occasion , had thought the arguments used justified the vote , but certain he was , that afterwards he had expressly voted against the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , notwithstanding the rebellion of that day was not as that of the present is now described by the 803 right hon . gent. , a `` petty tumult , '' but a great and serious insurrection against the govt. , aided by an enemy 's force . Yet now he felt it no inconsistency , to