strict justice , the question before them would simply be , whether the capture , or the possession rather , of the ships at Toulon , was prize or no prize ? This might be collected from attention to the circumstances under which they came into our power ; but he was not willing to enter into a detail of the particulars which accompanied the transaction . It was enough to state , that the ships came into our possession in consequence of a convention . Then we 1066 did not take possession of them by capture , but by virtue of a treaty . When the condition on which they came into our possession could not be fulfilled , the power to dispose of them then devolved on his Majesty , not on those who merely took possession of them . The only case which the right hon . gent , thought strictly in point with the present , was that of the capture at the Helder . But between these two cases , in his mind , there was no just analogy . In the Helder case we took forcible possession of the ships : they attempted to remove from our attack , but we followed them , and stood close in with them in array of battle . In corroboration of this assertion , the hon . gent , read to the House several passages of the Dutch Admiral 's answer to the summons of our Admiral calling on him to hoist the Orange flag . They confessed themselves to be , and were in reality , made prisoners of war . Where then was the analogy between the two cases ? at Toulon the whole business was done by a convention . The right hon . gent , says , the ships were libelled in the Court of Admiralty : if so , the question may be simply decided on that point . Let it be determined under the prize act whose property they are , and if they are declared to be that of Lord Hood , he should not hesitate a moment in acceding to the motion . The prizes at the Helder were adjudged by a legal decision . But was 236,0001. a trifling sum under the present impaired and labouring state of our finances ; or if such a sum is thus to be voted away in the present situation of the country , are not the land forces , who co-operated with the fleet in that service , entitled to their share of the reward ? It was unfair to acknowledge the right of the one , without attending to the claims of the other.—But if the right existed , no one would more cheerfully concur in the vote than himself . But let it be submitted to the decision of the learned gent , opposite him ( Sir Wm . Scott ) ; it was for him to declare whether they were prize or not , and by that proper decision he should abide ; if there was no right , why vote away a sum of so large an amount . It was incompatible with that system of economy which the right hon . gent , seemed anxious to pursue , and for which he gave him the greater credit , as a contrary lesson had been taught him by his predecessor . But again , he had only to repeat , let the question be tried 1067 before the proper tribunal ; let the ships be declared prize or no prize , and then the question might easily be decided . —Sir ; the question before the Committee , on which I did not expect any difference of opinion , is so intimately connected with the profession to which I have the honour of belonging , that I can not resist offering a few remarks on the subject , especially us neither the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or the hon . gent , who spoke last have fairly and correctly stated the case with respect to this point ; whether the French fleet