his right hon . friend and relation ( Mr. Pitt ) had thought it was only expedient at this time , to take a prospective view of public affairs ; he considered the present as the natural and fit occasion , not only for examining the military arrangements which government proposed prospectively to adopt , but also for examining what use ministers had made of those powers , which , in a former session , were entrusted to them by Parliament . He did not think any thing said by the right hon . gent , opposite to him ( Mr. Yorke ) such an answer to the objection of his right hon . friend as to have called on him , or any other of those who embraced his sentiments , to make any observations on the present occasion , had it not been from what fell from his right hon . relation ( Mr. Pitt ) . With every wish to agree in any opinion expressed by that right hon . relative , he could not bring his mind to concur in the sentiments which had fallen from him that night . He thought his right hon . friend had taken a contracted view of the subject . No evidence was before the House of the volunteers being at all in a state of becoming effective . How then could it be argued , that they could ever become so completely effective as to prove a substitute for our regular army ? It was not , perhaps , common to give an account to the House of the amount of the regular army . It was easy , however , for any gentleman , comparing the statement of the Sec . of State with the other known branches of our military establishment , to know what that force actually was . The whole was stated by the Sec . at War to amount to 120,000 . By subtracting the militia we could at once see the amount of our regular force . The militia was 70,000 , which being deducted from the whole regular force , as stated by gentlemen themselves , there remained 50,000 . In this number , it was necessary to observe , the army of reserve was comprehended . Was it possible , then , to conceive that such was the force of the regular army of this country ? —But he did not wish to stand on any small ground of objection . It was known pretty well what was the 201 state of our regular force in March last , at the commencement of hostilities . The inadequate state of our military preparation , he at that time thought a charge of a serious nature against government . But , if it was then regarded as a crime , that the regular force of this country only amounted to 20 or 25,000 , what were we to think of the energy or exertion of that government , which , in the space of eight months , during which every nerve ought to have been stretched to render our situation more suitable to the danger which threatened us , had increased that force only from 8 to 10,000 men ; and who had , in the mean-time , been compelling every man to enter into a military service of a different nature , to the destruction of that service , which it was their bounden duty to encourage and support . He had heard from his right hon . relation , that doubts were entertained as to the exemption from the army of reserve in favour of volunteers , and he was still more surprised to hear from a right hon . gent , in administration , that such exemption actually existed . He knew that , in the part of the country with which he was best acquainted , the greater part of the volunteers had been enrolled under the express explanation that they were liable to the ballots under the existing acts . It was only represented to them , that as every person must serve , it might be more