the country by tire volunteer associations , undoubtedly a force highly constitutional , and although not new in theory , has now , for the first time , been thus extensively adopted . Notwithstanding the firm reliance I place on the zeal and loyalty of the volunteer force , which I doubt not , will in the hour of attack be found highly service able , and solicitous to encounter every danger , I can not at the same time but lament , that ministers have not deemed it advisable to decrease that species of force , and in a very considerable degree to augment the troops of the line ; but , upon this topic , I purposely refrain at this late hour from enlarging , particularly as it has been already so ably and fully discussed . My principal , indeed sole object for troubling you at this moment , is in consequence of a subject which has been introduced by an hon . member ( Mr. Fox ) who has lately spoken . Upon it I have long had a decided opinion . I consider it a subject of great public moment , and I feel that in times like the present , to hesitate to deliver such an opinion , would be to shrink from the discharge of my public duty.—Such is the nature of the contest in which we are involved , so awfully critical the present state of things , so inveterate our foe , so various and formidable his resources , and so unceasing his machinations to destroy us , that it has been found necessary that his Majesty should avail himself of the appearance in arms of almost every description of his subjects ; and so serious does his Majesty-deem the meditated attack , that he has been graciously pleased to gratify and animate his faithful subjects , by declaring his royal 233 intention , in the event of invasion , of putting himself at the head of his troops , determined in person to defend the constitution , the laws , the religion , and the liberties of his united empire . At such a crisis , the Prince of Wales , the heir apparent to the crown , the person most interested in the event of this straggle , naturally anxious to share in the danger and the glory of the day , solicits to be placed in a situation , where , by his presence , he may contribute lo collect thousands round the royal standard ; and evince , by his firmness and zeal , the ardour with which he would support the throne of his Sovereign arid Father ; but in this his ardent hope , and first expectation , he finds himself disappointed ! And yet , Sir , we have been but this moment informed by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , that we must not suffer ourselves to be lulled into a state of security , or to consider this any other than a contest likely to be most durable ; and he has even gone so far as to suggest the propriety of our resolving to fashion ourselves into a military nation . With the din of war constantly assailing the ear , and the cry of universal armament being incessant , that the Illustrious Personage alluded to , the most interested , should be the only one prevented from occupying his proper station , appals one with astonishment ! ! ! —Sir ; I have ever admired , as the surest foundation of the liberties of these countries , as the most valued right of the subject , and as the most glorious characteristic of the monarchy , that maxim of our constitution , which asserts that the King can do no wrong ; the prerogative of the crown , ( for the wisest purposes ) most extensive , seems only to be limited , where it is possible that in its operation it can affect the welfare of the . community ; the King , as sole executive , and only fountain of honour and of