duty of 10per cent , laid on in Ireland , which was a permanent tax appropriated 10 the payment of the interest of the debt , and it was proposed to give a drawback for this 10 per cent.—Without troubling the House farther upon this subject , he would now proceed to make a few observations upon the articles contained in the schedule , and he had the satisfaction to think that , with a very few exceptions , he had met , by anticipation , the wishes of the mercantile people of Ireland . He had received communications from the merchants of the cities of Dublin , Cork , and Waterford , and it was a great satisfaction to know , that , generally speaking , their wishes had all been complied with , even by anticipation . he had already slated where there was an ad valorem and a rated duty upon the same ar- 690 tide , they were reduced to the same denomination ; in these cases the skill of the officer making the calculation had been relied upon , and if any mistake should appear , it ' certainly was open to conviction . Some foreign manufactures would be found to be raised , such as cotton , muslin , and things of that sort , in order to protect the British and Irish manufactures in the consumption of Ireland . There was one article of importance , upon which he wished to say a few words he meant the Newfoundland fishery , with regard to which the import duties were greater than those in this country . But now the Newfoundland fish came into Ireland not only duty-free till IS08 , but received a bounty till May next . The duties upon the importation of oil and blubber were greater in Ireland than in G. Britain , but they were now made the same , and it was his intention to propose that this trade should be put upon the same footing with respect to both countries . It would be observed that the duty upon coffee was nearly doubled , but that arose from this circumstance : the Custom duty was 6d . and the Excise duty 6d . but as the litter was badly collected , the Custom duty was raised to 11d . leaving the Excise duty only 1d . for the purposes of regulation . Drugs were an article of great importance , and from the smallness of their bulk , and the greatness of their value , afforded great opportunities , of smuggling : the duty upon them was from 150 to 200 per tent. , that duly was now reduced in order to take away the temptation of smuggling . The drugs imported for the purpose of the manufactures and the dying trade , would , in the provisions of the bill , be perfectly free from duty . With respect to the article of wood , the duties were merely consolidated , and not raised . The rates were not extended in point of duty , but in point of the specifications of the dimensions . In the article of staves there was a reduction , as it was much used in the provision trade of Ireland . This trade , he was sorry to state , now stood in need of assistance , but he hoped that the languor of it was only occasional , and not permanent.—With regard to the article of foreign salt , the House would perceive that the rate of duty upon salt was charged in Ireland by the bushel , which was less than the Winchester bushel . This mode of discharging that article admitted of great variation in different ports , and great advantage could be given to the importer by having it pressed and heaped in the measure . This was not only the case in different ports , but sometimes there was a considerable difference in the admeasurement even in the same 691 port , perhaps , from the incorrectness of the officer . It was now proposed that it should be discharged by weight , and not