, therefore , the 947 farther we proceeded , the stronger would the argument become which was relied upon so much this night , namely , that we had gone too far to recede . For this reason , it was his anxious desire , that we should stop , as soon as possible , the progress of a system so defective , so radically inefficient . When arguing against this system , he wished to correct an error that seemed to prevail in the minds of some gentlemen , that , he and others who joined with him , meant that the volunteers should be disbanded . Nothing could be more erroneous than this idea , for , on the contrary , the principal objections which he and the gentlemen with whom he acted , had to this measure , and which he hoped would not be considered inconsistent , were these , that it would produce the dissolution of the greater part of the volunteers , while it would go to render the volunteer system permanent.—With respect to the motion immediately before the House , he would admit the justice of the remark , that new clauses might be proposed and adopted without recommitting the bill ; but yet he W3s for going into the Committee , and for this plain reason , that a Committee was the natural and proper place to discuss such clauses . An hon . gent. ( Mr . Sheridan ) , had urged that it was unnecessary to go into the Committee , as ministers had manifested such candour as left no room to doubt of their readiness to accede to any necessary amendment that might be proposed in this stage of the bill . The hon . gent , however , had probably experienced such candour in his Majesty 's ministers , in return for the candour which he had shewn towards them for some time back , as justified , in his mind , the compliments he appeared so strongly disposed to pay them . Reverting to the motion before the House , Mr. W. stated , that in order that the imperfections of the measure might as far as possible be diminished , he would vote for the recommitted , maintained that the volunteer system did not militate so much as its adversaries asserted against the progress of the ballot for the militia . As a proof of this , he stated , that in the militia of the country to which he belonged , where volunteen crops were very numerous , the regiment of militia of the county to which he belonged , where volunteer corps were very numerous , the regiment of militia was not only complete , but had many supernumeraries , although not more then 10 guineas bounty had ever been giver and he as confident , that if any men were warning for that body , they could be had from among the volunteers them selves , whose spirits , zeal , and military habit , 948 naturally disposed them to enter , if necessary , into regular military service . thought it necessary to say a few words , to explain the motives oh which he should give his vote , and to exculpate his conduct from the charge of any inconsistency that might be made against it . When on a former period of the sessions he moved for some papers , he was induced thereto by his earnest desire to demonstrate to the House , how inadequate the plan of his Majesty 's ministers was , and how impossible it ever was to render their system permanent and when he gave his consent for going into a Committee , it was in the expectation that something would be struck out that would place the defence of the country upon something like a broad , general , and practicable principle . He never supposed that desirable object could be effected by the present measure , and he was convinced the more the House considered and turned the subject , the more they would be convinced of the inefficiency , he might say