of the country as effective as possible , and therefore to strike out from the exemptions all those who had no idea at the time of their coming forward of any exemption at all . He concluded by moving an amendment , for the purpose of confining the exemptions to those corps who had been accepted previous to the 27th of July 1803. really hoped it was impossible the House could think this proposition required much argument to prove , that it could not possibly be adopted with any thing like consistency or common sense . In the present session , immediately previous to the Christmas recess , in order to prevent doubts as to a supposed breach on this point , the exemptions had been given to all corps , on condition of exercising a certain number of days . These corps having conformed to that condition , was the House now to withhold or take away the boon it had held forth ? Having performed and ratified the compact , so far as they were concerned , was Parliament to forfeit the pledge it had gives , and to recal the distinctions it had cancelled and repealed ? By this proposition the exemptions would be taken away from persons to whom they were given by Parliament , and enjoyed by persons coming into these corps with their eyes open And all this because they had offered their services to avoid the compulsory clauses of the defence act . Now , let him here observe , that if Parliament held out inducements to voluntary service as preferable , and in order to save the trouble of resorting to compulsion , and then endeavoured to retract and take back the inducements to which it had pledged itself ; if it had said , `` it is true you have complied with what we desired , but we will take away what we promised to you , '' he thought this amounted pretty clearly to a breach of faith . Then this was to be done because the persons composing the corps enrolled subsequent to the 27th July , were supposed to have avoided compulsion . Now , if there was any point universally recognised and agreed upon , it was , that the compulsory power should be kept in reserve to enforce the exertion if it was tardy , but that voluntary exertion was preferable , if it could be obtained in sufficient extent ; and if that exertion should not be obtained in sufficient proportion in any particular district , the compulsory clauses should be put in force in those districts.—If persons came voluntarily forward , they saved 667 the trouble of force and selection from the classes . On this ground , therefore , he was unable to comprehend the mode of reasoning resorted to by the Lon . baronet . Tilt ; distinction was inapplicable in another sense : it supposed that all volunteers who offered their services since the 27th of July , had offered them for the purpose of avoiding the ballot . It was a notorious fact , that so far from being influenced by such a motive , they bad mane their offers previous to the passing of the bill : and the answers to the offers had been delayed ; till the sense of Parliament was ascertained by the passing of the I bill . He believed this might have been the reason why some of the offers from the country , with which the hon . baronet was particularly connected , had not been earlier accepted . It was but a very short time since this very fact had been brought in proof of the injustice of drawing a line by dates , This whole effect of the distinction proposed , would go in the indirect way , to disband the whole of the volunteers , except the 80 or 90,000 enrolled before the 27th of July . Let nobody suppose that he asserted , that the exemptions were the motive of the offers of volunteer service . He knew it was I no such thing . But , he knew