therefore he thought this a very indifferent policy . There was , indeed , much wisdom in the policy of the legislature in giving men something that marked its goodwill ; and independent of that , it was natural that when men should be called upon on the sudden , to go for a period from their families and homes , they should have the happiness to know , that although they were obliged to go in the service of the country , and leave those of whom they were the natural protectors , yet that what they had already received , and for which their country In d already had their service , would not be deducted out of that which was originally either for their actual march , or their return , that what they may have spent before they marched , and for which their country may already have had their service , will not be taken into the account , but that they shall receive their guinea on their march , and also their guinea on their return home , as if they had received nothing before : lie thought this matter extremely important , so much so , that he should feel it his duty to press it hereafter , if he did not find in ministers a disposition to acquiesce in it . However , there was one thing of which he was extremely glad , which was , to see the disposition shewn by the right hon . gent . on the part of the executive government , to encourage the improvement of discipline ; and which , if rightly attended to by the volunteers now , they may acquire more in a few weeks , than formerly they might have been able to acquire in some months- , because , with the knowledge they now possess , improvement , if duly attended to , might be very rapid . He supposed , that when the right hon . gent , mentioned 20 days for the present year , he meant over and above the 21 , for which the pay was to be allowed ; if so , there would be no difference of opinion between him and the right hon . gent , in that respect , as far as regarded the present year ; for , although he wished 40 days , including the days of inspection , yet in this case he should be willing to allow that the 21 should be deemed part of the 40 , and lie thought it would be extremely desirable , and becoming the wisdom of Parliament , when this system was to become part of our permanent defence , to put the volunteers for awhile on permanent service , to give them a degree of efficiency which they C3n never otherwise acquire , and this was a subject upon which a very large portion of that House could speak from experience . lie did not believe that any experienced offi- 678 cer in the House , after having looked at this subject with the attention it deserved , would say , that the necessary discipline could be acquired in less than 40 days in the year , and that such attention would be highly beneficial to all the volunteer corps , and of course beneficial to their country , which confided so much in them for its security . When Parliament proposed only 20 days , there might have been reason to guide government to have insisted upon a different course being taken from what they did take . He would remark in passing , that the manner in which that was stated by the right hon . gent , tonight , was not quite consistent with the plan he recommended ; for the question now was , what number of days shall , or shall not be allowed for the training and exercising the volunteers ? The right hon . gent , had said , it would be better not to provide many of those points by provisions in the bill , but leave much to the discretion of the executive