How far others may be disposed to accept such assistance , he could not take : upon himself to say but he should sincerely rejoice that other commandants of volunteer corps could go with confidence into action without such an advantage . He hoped , however , that if many should be found ` desirous of the benefit arising from the advice and assistance of experienced officers , they should not be deprived of it in consequence : of an opposite opinion on the part of others . Another misconception was , that his wish was to make the regulation general , but he had never proposed extending the appointment of regular officers to any battalions , but those which should apply for them , and ; he sincerely hoped that all would do so . He had discharged his duty in submitting his proposition to the House , which he did not mean to press in the present instance ; but , unless he should hear more weighty arguments against it than mere considerations of economy , or of its being likely to be unpopular , he should consider it his duty to persist in his object , which he looked upon us material to the most important interests of ; the country . How far the principle should be carried , he could not take upon himself to say , neither should he enter in to a detailed consideration of the mode of applying it in every circumstance , because he was no friend to any general rule , any unbending maxim , where the variety of circumstances might , in many cases , render a departure from it necessary . He was sure , however , that too much attention could not be bestowed on the instruction and improvement of the volunteer force of the country in military discipline and evolutions ; and he was persuaded , notwithstanding the opinion entertained by a right hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , that there were many regiments of volunteer corps already in a state of discipline to fit them for actual service , and whenever it should be necessary for them to act in line , that the volunteer corps would not be found the weakest part of the line . He should not consent to invert all the ordinary maxims of prudence , he should not let it be said , that they were making Acts of Parliament , putting the country to vast expense ; and that , after all , what they had done was good for nothing , and absolutely inadequate to the purposes for which it was intended . He 275 looked upon the volunteers as completely capable , with proper attention , of rendering the country impregnable , but he must think , however , that the service , as light troops , which seemed to be most approved by gentlemen , for volunteers , in place of requiring less discipline , was that which required the highest degree of discipline . It was a simple operation to make them act in Hue , but it required a much higher state of discipline to enable troops , after suffering a temporary disorder to re-assemble with regularity and return to the attack . It was like a slow and regular machinery at first , which , by progressive improvement , might be afterwards advanced to the highest pitch of nicety and precision . He did not mean to enter further into the discussion , but , as an humble individual , he could not neglect this opportunity of putting in his claim on the part of those who are prepared to devote their lives in the cause of their country , that assistance should not be denied them in any instance of their applying for it . Let it not be said , that because we have three or four hundred thousand men , ready to act as armed peasants , that we are therefore satisfied . Neither should it be said , that because they had made considerable progress in military discipline , they had reached the perfection of military