, that they had not proper information , and that they were incapable of distinguishing the nature of any information given to them , whether it were true or whether it were false.—Besides these general charges , the hon . baronet has advanced some specific charges : he has contended that they did not truly appreciate the degree of danger with which they were threatened on the23d July , and that they did not take adequate means to meet it.—With respect to the general charges , I beg to say a few words ; and first , I beg to deprecate that mode of stating the question which the hon . baronet has adopted . It has beer , inferred from the general language which ministers have used , with regard to the tranquil state of Ireland , that they conceived that all danger had ceased , and that there was no occasion for any precaution . I contend that every part of their conduct shews that they did adopt every necessary precaution ; and even the transactions of the 23d of July , when they came to be fully examined in a court of justice , proved the justice of my assertion . It is true that ministers , speaking of the people of Ireland generally , said , that they were loyal , and that they were tranquil , that the laws could be administered in their usual course , and that , therefore , there were no grounds to justify them for calling for any extraordinary powers . But , I would ask any man in this House , when ministers held this language , did they mean to convey to parliament , that such a miracle had been wrought in Ireland , as that a country which had , in a great degree , been rendered systematically traitorous , had at once put on a completely new appearance , and that all the 747 seeds of rebellion were completely eradicated from it . I can venture to say , that no word ever dropped from any individual which could justify such an interpretation . No ; it is impossible that such a construction can be put upon any thing that passed on any occasion . There were no such drivellers in the government of that country.—It is , however , but justice to Lord Hnrdwicke to state , that he did , before the 23dof July , seriously submit to ministers , upon general grounds , whether , under the contemplation of the treason existing in that country , the ' suspension of the habeas corpus act ought not to be adopted as a matter of precaution ? This consideration the noble lord did submit to ministers , without particularly pressing it as his own opinion . This is a proof , that his mind was not misled as to the real state of the country.—His Majesty 's ministers , upon full consideration of this proposition , did not think it expedient to adopt that measure ; and I think their decision , was a wise one , considering the situation of this country , which was united like one man in defence of their liberties and their independence , and considering the growing loyalty of the people of Ireland ; because , under such circumstances , it would have been neither wise nor prudent to have acted upon principles of jealousy towards the people of Ireiand.—I trust I have now proved this point , that the lord lieutenant of Ireland had neither taken so superficial nor so unwise a view of the state of Ireland , as to suppose that it was a country of complete loyalty , and that no measures of precaution were necessary.—The next charge is , that government were not possessed of full information on the subject of the insurrection . New . I beg leave to contend , that it is not a subject of blame in every case , if government is not in possession of every step and plan which the conspirators might adopt , because in some cases it is actually impossible . During the former rebellion