bank stock : this was a subject which certainly required some explanation . There was another circumstance which he had heard , from authority on which he placed 494 great reliance , but which he wished at the same time to state with the greatest diffidence . The circumstance to which he alluded was this , that although the exchange was so great against Ireland , yet that the Lords of the Irish Treasury received their salaries at par . He had before stated , that he did not mean to assert this positively as a fact , but he thought it right to mention it , to give the right hon . gent . opposite to him an opportunity either of contradicting or explaining it , because , if those who might be supposed to have the greatest means of adopting measures for preventing the balance from being so strongly against Ireland felt no inconvenience from it , it might be apprehended that they would not feel much anxiety on the subject . That these evils existed , and that they required remedy , had not been denied , and , therefore , he hoped that some measures would be resorted to ; the one that appeared to him the most proper would be to appoint a committee to inquire into the cause of the high state of exchange against Ireland . He lamented that he himself could , not move for such a committee , because there was another inquiry which the Chancellor of the Exchequer had expressed his intention of moving for , respecting the Duty on Malt in Scotland , to which he felt himself bound to devote a great part of his attention ; but he hoped it would be taken up by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) whose abilities and experience eminently qualified him for the task . said , he should begin by adverting to what fell from the noble lord towards the latter end of his speech , viz . that certain officers under the Irish government being paid their salaries at par.—On this point he would give the noble lord the most full and explicit information in his power ; if the noble lord had done him the honour to have acquainted him with his intention of requiring information upon that subject , he would have taken care that he should have a most distinct and precise answer . At present , however , he wished to state , that certain officers from Ireland , who were employed in this country in the discharge of their public duty , were paid their salaries at par ; that the Treasury of Ireland having money in this country , had given orders for the payment of those who were officially employed in this , country , including himself , the Lords of the Treasury , and the inferior officers , who were obliged to attend here during the session of Parliament , in the manner that had been stated . This practice had originated with the Union , and had been continued since , without any observation having been made upon it . With regard to what the noble lord 495 had stated respecting the depreciation of paper in Ireland , he had given his opinion upon that subject , not only on the last discussion on this bill , but in the course of last session . It would be remembered that he had the honour of proposing a bill last session , which met with the approbation of the House , the object of which was , to restrain the circulation of small notes in Ireland , which bill was to commence its operation from the 1st day of this year . Finding , however , at the commencement of the present session , that the members from that part of the United Kingdom could not , in consequence of their military duties attend in Parliament , he had proposed a bill to postpone the operation of that measure till July , in the hopes that before that time he lush members would be enabled to