the volunteers were to receive when called out in case of invasion . contended , that the guinea allowed ought to be paid directly to the volunteers , as an inducement to them to offer their services for permanent duly . They came out last year because they were told of invasion , but they would not come , out up n the same grounds now when they were told , as they had been in Parliament , that all apprehensions upon that subject was a mere panic , and that the fleet at Boulogne was a Musquito fleet . This guinea ought , therefore , to be given to the men , and even , that would be but a small compensation for the loss of time they would sustain in being absent from their labour for 3 weeks . said , if he had understood the instruction sent round by the Sec . of State , according to the construction now put upon it , he certainly would not have troubled the House about it , but certainly that was not the way in which it was generally understood . He was perfectly satisfied with the explanation he had heard , and should act accordingly ; but he submitted , whether it might not be proper that some means should be taken of informing others who might have understood the instructions as he had done , and who had not the advantage of hearing the explanation which had been given . said , that the most advantageous way of laying out this money , would be to purchase great coats , which were in point of fact absolutely necessary . With respect to the price of them , he knew that so far from their costing 23 or 24s . that very good ones might be had for 13s . said , that the guinea which was to be allowed to the volunteers who offered their services for permanent duty , had been very improperly , in his opinion , compared with the marching guinea allowed to the regulars and to the militia . With regard to the latter , when they were ordered to march , it was not optional in them to march or not , they were bound to do it ; but the case was very different with regard to the volunteers . You could not compel the volunteers to offer their services for permanent duty , and , therefore , the guinea was given to them as an inducement to them to go out . said , he never was an advocate for this guinea at all ; it was one out of two guineas to be allowed in all to the volunteer , and he should vote for its being laid out as proposed by the original clause , and not by that which was proposed by the amendment . thought the commanding officer had full power by the clause to provide the volunteer with what was necessary , but then what was necessary was in a great measure a question of taste . A great coat might appear necessary to one man , while another might prefer a feather . The question here was a question of inducement , what was most likely to call a man into the field before the enemy comes . was heard on the part of the Respondents in the Appeal Cause the Hon . C. Elphinstone Fleeming v. Hon . G. Montgomery . To be further proceeded in on Friday.—The Irish Malt Duty Bill , the Irish Countervailing Duties Bill , and the Hides and Tallow Importation Bill were severally read a third time and passed , and ordered back to the Commons.—A person from the Exchequer Office in Ireland presented at the bar certain documents respecting the case of Redington v. Redington , which is to be heard before their Lordships.—Adjourned . presented at the bar the account of the trustees for the Bri- 954 tish Museum.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the Sugar Warehousing Bill—Also the report of the Expiring Laws ' Bill.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer informed the House from