none felt it more than he did ; but , he would ill understand his duly to the legislature and the public , and even to his Sovereign himself , who had proved , on many occasions , that the love of his people and their happiness , were dearer to him than life itself , who should allow any notion of false delicacy so far to weigh in his mind , as to carry on the usual business of the nation , and to transact the most important measures , with the knowledge that there was , in fact , no executive government . He , therefore , highly approved of what the noble lord had done , and he would have been the last to approve of any discussion on such a subject , if he had not been convinced that it was demanded by a sense of duty to every part of the government and the nation . He had explained already what he understood by the answer which the noble Sec . of State had given to the noble lord who sat near him . He had mentioned what the records of Parliament required on this subject , and this was the criterion by which he must judge of the declaration of his Majesty 's state of health . He was satisfied that the noble Sec . had no intention to lead the legislature and the public into an error on this important point . If he were not satisfied on this head in his own mind , he could not agree that Parliament should proceed to any other business till the subject of his Majesty 's indisposition was inquired into ; but , understanding the noble Sec . in the sense to which he alluded , he most willingly gave his consent to the 2d reading of the Irish Bank Restriction Bill on Monday . still expressed himself not altogether satisfied with regard to the answer given to his question . There was one circumstance , about which nothing had been said by the noble Sec . of State , that weighed considerably in his mind , which was this , that his Majesty was attended by a fifth physician , whose name did not appear on the face of the papers that were circulated relative to the indisposition of his Majesty , and his progress towards convalescence , it was certainly very material that the opinion of that filth person thought be procured and stated to the public along with that of the other four . What the noble Sec . had stated with respect to the question was probably founded on the authority of these four physicians ; but the account could not be altogether satisfactory , unless the opinion of the 638 fifth physician who attended his Majesty , should be given , as it was impossible but conjectures must be spread concerning the reasons of with-holding his sentiments from the public , that must , in a great measure , damp that satisfaction which the physicians now spread by their reports of his Majesty 's recovery . He wished , therefore , that the noble Sec . would give some answer to that part of his question . It would also be satisfactory , if the noble and learned lord on the woolsack would confirm the statement which had been given , as the high situation which he held , as keeper of the Great Seal , rendered him more peculiarly and personally responsible . said , that he thought there was no occasion for any further question on this subject . He stated the favourable account of his Majesty 's health , upon what he considered as sufficient authority , and that was all that the House ought to require at present . rose to request a more explicit answer to the question of his noble friend . It was of the highest importance that the nation should be satisfied that there was no misapprehension on this subject . The opinion of a fifth physician , who was in attendance upon his Majesty , afforded room for conjecture that medical