possible , he should move therefore , that the chairman be directed to move for leave to bring in a bill to enable vessels employed in the Greenland Fishery to complete their number of seamen at different ports during the present season.—The motion was agreed to . rose , and adverting to the notice he had given of his intention to submit a motion to the House on Monday next , for the production of certain papers respecting the insurrection which took place in Dublin on the 23d of July last , observed , that this subject was not so pressing in point of time as to induce him to urge it , under the present circumstances , and he would therefore postpone it sine die ; but yet it was of such importance that he felt it his duty to state , that he should hold himself pledged to the House and the Country to bring forward the business , as soon as the circumstances to which he had alluded shall have ceased to exist . quitted the woolsack , and made several observations upon the peculiar nature of such Bills as that before the House , and the usage of their lordships ' proceedings , accompanied with a few remarks upon the special case . In the course of these observations , the noble and learned lord suggested the propriety of the introduction of a clause into the Bill , for reserving the rights of the last remainder man until the period when he shall be capable of giving his consent . made a few observations upon the case , and announced his entire concurrence with what fell from the noble and learned lord . He took occasion to applaud the care and attention which had been usually paid by noble lords who had sat upon the woolsack to such proceedings as that in question.—The Bill was then read a second time ; and on the motion of Lord Walsingham , committed for to-morrow fort night . Some routine business was then disposed of , and their lordships adjourned till to-morrow . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Irish Bank Restriction Bill . said , that after the discussion which had taken place the last time the Bill was before the House , he felt himself bound to say a few words before its final departure to the other House . Nothing certainly could be greater than the importance of this measure , not only as affecting Ireland , but because it shewed what must be the consequence in this country , if the restriction should continue to any great length of time . If he had sat silent upon this occasion , it might be supposed that his opinion had been altered by the discussion which took place on the second reading ; but although he paid every attention to the arguments which were used on that occasion , his sentiments still remained unchanged . It had been most clearly proved , that there was a great depreciation in the value of paper in Ireland , and that specie could only be procured with great difficulty and at a large premium : it had been urged , that the scarcity of guineas arose rather from factitious than from real causes ; this be was inclined not to believe , for it was surely more probable that paper should be depreciated , from so great a quantity having been issued , than that the price of gold should have risen so much beyond its real value . Before he sat down , he wished to mention one or two points to which he hoped he should receive an answer , or at least some explanation from the right hon . gent . opposite him ( Mr . Corry . ) The rate of exchange had been for some time past increasing against Ireland , and had risen so high as 19½ per cent . Notwithstanding this , it had been asserted , that the Bank of Ireland last year had given a bonus of 5 per cent , to the proprietors of