board of the fleet , and included , as well as the 6,000 impressed seamen , in 889 the returns at the Navy-Office , and consequently included in the 76,000 men . ; which I brought the question , if it had any reference to the motion ' before the House , to a state much nearer the truth , viz . that instead of the seamen being equal to the vote , which I was 100,000 men ; instead of being only 17OO short of that vote , it would be found that there were nearly 8O,000 short of that number.—With respect to the number of gun vessels which the right hon . gent , had chosen to state , and amongst which he classed the launches and cutters , which he chose to say were better than the gun brigs alluded to by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , he must positively deny both the one and the other , the number and the quality . If he chose to call every cockleshell into which a gun was placed , a gun vessel , he certainly might make them out ; but of those he had seen , some were unable to go out , even too Spithead , unless it was in a calm ; and as for the comparison , it was too trifling and too ridiculous ever to enter into the head of a professional man ; but as the right hon . gent , was not so , be perhaps might be excused for making it.—He should now come to the motions made by his right hon . friend , which lie must not only think proper but necessary , as they would not only put all questions upon the conduct of the Admiralty at rest in future , but tend to shew if they had done every thing in their power , and whether they had made every preparation for the defence of the coast which they ought to have done . In his opinion they had not . It might perhaps be asked by some persons , where he had gained his experience in the service to form such an opinion ? How proper , and how just , how wise , or how decent , such a question , coming from such a quarter , might be , he certainly should not think of saying , but should leave to the judgment of the House . It was to the experience of much older and more experienced officers than himself he would appeal ; and if all officers of high rank and knowledge in the navy were called to the bar of that House , they would corroborate what he should advance . He averred this . He averred , that if a sufficient number of gun-vessels , of a proper construction , had been built and maimed , which they could have been by this time , to have assisted the frigates and ships which the Admiralty say they have in the Channel , the junction of the enemy 's flotilla at Boulogne would have been prevented ; and this he would prove , not by his experience , but by facts and documents , furnished to the public by the Admiralty themselves . Look Et the Gazettes , in which the 890 gallant young officers who commanded the frigates , have told you , `` we have taken I , 2 , or 3 , gun-boats ; we could have taken more , but they escaped into shallow water , where it was impossible to follow them . '' He asked , would this have happened if they had been provided with gun-vessels to assist them ? Certainly not . But even of those frigates and sloops upon which such dependence is placed , he averred the Admiralty had not provided a sufficient number . No ; not even for common duties of the Channel ; and this he would likewise prove , by official docu-roents— ( Here he read advertisements for contracting for fourteen armed ships for convoys ) —what did this prove ?