. He had heard of petitions of a description similar to the present having been admitted , and afterwards submitted to a Committee , For his own part , he was ig- 393 norant of the existence of such precedents ; bat even if they did exist , their existence did not at all invalidate his argument . It might have happened accidentally , but was that to be seriously urged as an argument to shew , that when an error was discovered it was not to be rectified ? If the act unequivocally pointed out a particular mode of proceeding , was a precedent directly in the teeth of its provisions to be brought forward to justify subsequent irregularity ? It would hardly be contended , that if an evil was found to exist , that no means should be taken to correct it , because it had escaped observation in a variety of preceding instances , and when the means of correction were at once easy and efficacious . The proper mode of administering the correction in the present instance was by discharging the petition . On this matter , his own mind was completely satisfied . He wished , if there should be two opinions , which he hardly expected , that gentlemen who should take a view of the subject different from what he did , would explain what other meaning could be attached to the clause of the act than that which he attached to it . If the construction which he had put on the clause was not correct , he was desirous of being informed what description of petition it was , to which the clause was referred , He really was at a loss to conceive , how the act could express any meaning , if the meaning which he had affixed to it were objected to . He would put a case in illustration of his opinion . He would put the case of a petition signed by persons who were merely copyholders , signing a petition , in the body of which petition , they claimed a right of voting at the election . It was clear that they had no right of voting , and perhaps gentlemen would immediately contend that such a petition was to be instantly rejected as a matter of course . He could not , however , at all accede to this opinion . It was clear that the petition would be found to be eventually frivolous ; but it did not at all follow , that in the first instance it was not to be submitted to a Committee , to judge of its merits . There was another case still more important , the consideration of which , indeed , would in all probability form the basis for the final decision of ( he Committee of the Middlesex petitions . This was the case of the joint tenants , which was known to have excited a great deal of interest . If it had been the case of a body of electors who were in a situation to be rated , but had never actually paid the rate , presenting a petition , he was not at all prepared to say that the House would be entitled to reject the petition , be- 394 cause they entertained an opinion that the petitioners would ultimately fail in proving the fairness of their claims . The same principle he would apply to a petition from persons claiming a right of voting at the election for the county . It would not be argued for a moment , that a petition from these joint tenants was to be rejected , because the House might imagine that their claim to the right of election was altogether erroneous . Such a decision would be equally irregular and unjust . It would be prejudging what was afterwards to come before the Committee . It would be an attempt to execute that very office which , by the passing of the Granville Act , the House was declared incapable of performing with fairness and impartiality . The House could not