parts of the naval service voted yesterday . The resolutions were read and agreed to.—Mr . Corry brought in the bill for continuing the . restrictson on payment in specie by the bank of Ireland . Read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday.—The bill for continuing the restriction on cash payments by the bank of England , went through a committee . On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the blank was filled up with the words , `` six months after the ratification of a de- '' finitive treaty of peace . '' The report was ordered to be received on Monday.—The House went into a committee to consider of the propriety of renewing , for a further time , the liberty granted for bonding Portugal wines , which had expired on the l0th of October . Mr. Vansittart , in stating the propriety of extending this indulgence , stated also , that it was thought adviseable to give the benefit of it to Spanish wines . A resolution to this effect was agreed to , and being reported , the committee appointed to bring in the bill for the continuation of expiring laws was ordered to make provision accordingly.—Mr . Vansittart brought in the annual bill for indemnifying magistrates and others who had neglected to take the necessary oaths . The bill was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday.—Mr . Corry gave notice , that he would move in the proper stage to introduce 86 a clause into this bill for extending the benefit of the indemnity to Ireland . pursuant to his ma ice on Saturday , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to indemnify the lord lieutenant , and such as had ; acted under the authority of his proclamation , issued in October , prohibiting the distillation of spirits from oats , which had been laid before the house by his right hen . fiend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . It would be necessary for him to state the cause and 88 circumstances of the proclamation , before he should submit his motion to the house . The prohibition had arisen from a supposed failure of the crop of potatoes , in consequence of the extreme drought of the season . Potatoes constituted the chief support of the mass of the people of that country , and the failure of a crop had the same effect there as the failure of a crop of wheat would have in this country , or of a crop of oats in the northern part of it . The active vigilance of the Irish government , had ascertained that there was a deficiency in the crop of potatoes , in three out of the four provinces of Ireland , and therefore , it became die wisdom of his excellency to provide for the supply of this deficiency , by prohibiting the use of oats in distillation . This be had done by a proclamation , issued in October , in which he had exceeded the powers which the law allowed him ; and the object of the bill he should move for , was to indemnity him for having done so . He trusted , the house would consider the conduct of the Irish government , on this occasion , rather as deserving approbation than censure , for the laudable attention it had manifested in providing for the support of the people . He trusted the house would not object to the measure , and he proposed , it the house should accede to his motion , to introduce into die bill a clause to enable the lord lieutenant , or other chief governor of Ireland , to prohibit , for a certain lime , by proclamation , the distillation of spirits from oats . He was aware of the effect such a measure might have on the landed interest , and the revenue , but he trusted there would be no difficulty or objection to trusting such a discretionary power to the lord lieutenant , who