to examine carefully into the present situation of that country , and he now rose to state 0 their lordships what was the result of that examination . What he was about to state was grounded on no loose or idle rumours but was the result of positive knowledge and of honest feeling Standing , then , in his place is a representative of the peerage of Ireland , he took on himself decidedly to assert , and he was confident that he should not be contradicted , that the re-enactment of both the bills now before their lordships was essentially necessary to the continuance of tranquility that part of the united empire . He could , with equal safety , make the same declaration in behalf of all the loyal part of the community in that country . They , to a man , expected that the bids would be renewed . They would consider any government which would not propose their renewal as indifferent to their best interests , and would curse the hour in which a united legislature was formed , which would not pass for their protection the measures which had been found so beneficial under a local legislature . The noble lord took occasion to allude to what has been said about the atrocity of the 23d of July , an atrocity , the infamy of which he was afraid would not be easily effaced from the character of his unfortunate country . With those who describe the insurrection of that day as a contemptible riot , he could not possibly agree . Contemptible with regard to number it certainly was ; but when its objects and ends v. ere considered , it was of a very different description . He would assert , with-out fear of contradiction , that it bore distinctly all the features of the rebellion of 1798 that it looked to the same object of Irish separation from this country , drat it was fomented before the breaking out of the war by French influence , and that latterly it was encouraged by the hope of French assistance . Such ware his ideas of the insurrection of the.23d of July , and such he was sure were the views entertained of it by all the best affected , and most intelligent persons in Ireland.—As to the want of information adverted to by noble lords , he protested that he was altogether astonished at such language . The insurrection of the 23d of July , and the events which distinguished it , were matters of universal notoriety , and it was absurd to say that they did not furnish grounds to shew the necessity of the measure , It bad been contended against the 257 necessity of renewing martial law , that the business of the ordinary courts of law was not suspended , that criminals were condemned and executed without molestation . This he did not wish by any means to deny ; but he could account for it in a most satisfactory manner . It would be recollected , that the greater part of the late stats trials had taken place in Dublin . Now , what he desired their lordships to know was , the state of that metropolis while these trials were going forward . At that time there was a force of armed men of not less than twelve thousand . Not a motion of insurrection could go forward . Not a step could be taken by the insurgents without an almost certain detection ; under these circumstances it was not to be wondered at that tranquillity prevailed . It was unfair , however , to suppose that , if trials had taken place in remote districts , the same good order and peaceable conduct would have been observed . He was persuaded that the contrary would have been the case . here were , it is true , commissions in the counties of Antrim and Down , and there too no riot or disturbance was experienced . He was proud also to admit this , but at the same time , he thought it necessary to