of the line of ours and a frigate , were , during the last war , completely foiled and driven off , though they were able to approach within a quarter of a mile of the object , and though the captain , a most approved officer , would not withdraw from the contest while there was a hope left , nor till he had lost an immense number of his men , and had had his ship twice set on fire . No one would pretend to say , that towers of this sort would not produce a great effect upon an enemy , whoever he might be , that came within the reach of their guns . That they would stop the disembarkation of infantry , he was not prepared to say . On the contrary , he was of opinion that they would not . Great as the loss might be , the enemy , if determined , would still accomplish his object . But would the same be the case with artillery and horses ? And would not the slaughter be immense , and the delay most important , were it possible that under such a file a disembarkation of that sort could after all take place ? The objection , therefore , to such defences must resolve itself into the consideration of expense , or into that of the force which it would lock up , and the means which would be furnished to the enemy , should the fortresses in question finally fail into his hands . As to the latter objection , he had clearly stated , what the contents of such towers were , and what the loss would be to those from whom they should be taken , viz . a dozen men at the utmost , and a cou- 174 ple of guns . The value to the enemy would be none ; for the guns would never be transportable ; and , certainly not the towers ; and neither would be of any use to him where they were . But their uselessness to the enemy it was unnecessary to prove , as it was hardly possible that they should fall into his hands . It was of the nature of these small fortresses ( quite the reverse of what was the case with redoubts ) that they were equally impregnable to cannon and to musquetry , and could not be taken but by such means as the enemy would neither have time nor inclination to employ . The whole question , therefore , was a question of expense : and what would that expense be , incurred once for all , compared with the maintenance of such a living force , ( supposing even that we had the force , and could spare it for that purpose , ) as would give to any tract of coast the same security which would be derived from the defence in question ? Considering the simplicity of the construction of these towers , the little interior fitting they would require , the rude materials of which they might be composed , ( the stones made use of for paving London , might serve for the most expensive part , ) the facility with which materials would be conveyed for buildings necessarily situated on the edge of the coast , and in its most accessible parts , it is difficult to conceive , that 1000l . a piece must not be an ample allowance . And thus for a sum of 3O.00Ol. , and with a force of 300 men , thirty miles of coast , in parts the most vulnerable , would be put in a state of security far greater at least than any which they could enjoy without the aid of such precautionary measures . But let the House consider what happened without this . To supply the place of these despised towers , the coast was lined with sea fencibles , armed with pikes , a weapon which had been said , if he recollected right , in some of the circular official papers , to be capable