bill was printed on the 10th of February , and the word which then was placed to convey the sense of the act , was the word `` realm , '' which was folly intended to apply to Great-Britain and Ireland since the period of the union . When the bill was committed , he had stated that the clauses which related to the volunteers of Ireland were intended to be withdrawn , as it had been deemed more advisable to substitute a bill entirely for the purpose of regulating the volunteers of that part of the united empire , but that opinion had been rescinded . In order to do away all doubts on the subject , the words `` United Kingdoms '' were added , and the claws stood now exactly the same as it did then . The bill had since been twice committed , and once recommitted , without any hon . number having land the rest fault with the clause . He begged leaver to ask , whether , if any invasion was to take place on the coast of eland , it would not of advisable that his Majesty should have the power to call out the volunteers here as well as there ? But not withstanding his own opinion was very decided on the point , vet , if it was 931 thought wrong by the House , he would not on any account press it upon them . He only wished to justify himself ' from any idea that he would introduce words into any clause which were different in their meaning and operation from what he had explained , or intended them to be when he first introduced the bill , and opened the nature and bearing of the measure . Having made these observations he said he should move , `` that the House do now take into farther consideration the said Report . '' said , he should not attempt to enter , at any great length , on the present subject , nor to trespass long on the time and patience of the House ; but he hoped he should be honoured with their attention to some remarks he had to offer , as , in such an awful crisis as the present , he thought it the peculiar duty of every general officer to deliver his sentiments , it might , perhaps , happen , that , in the particular situation in which he was then placed , some , obloquy might be thrown on him . He felt himself , however , superior to such cold considerations , and would prefer , what he thought the strict rule of duty , to every thing else , assuring the House that whatever danger might threaten the country , how great so ever it might be , and come when it would , he would be as ready to shed the last drop of his blood in its defence , as any man living in it . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had said , some short time past , that we were now engaged in a war , which the youngest man in the House might not live to see the end of . Another gent , had said , the volunteers could not be roughly handled . He , for his own part , had , in a very early period of the peace , recommended it to his Majesty 's ministers to keep up a very large military force . He had stated in shies place , in that House , that we were 15 millions of people , possessed , it was true , of as much spirit , courage , and enterprise as any men on the earth , but composing , generally , a commercial community : that we had been placed , by Providence , directly opposite to a nation consisting of forty-five millions , almost entirely a military people , and headed by most active and ambitious officers . He , therefore , had given it as his opinion , that our military force should