own shores was most likely to take place ; and when the ports of Holland are locked by the season , there seems to be less probability of the attempt of invasion being made upon England for some months . We should not , however , act as if the danger were wholly blown over , and the attempt wholly abandoned . We should in this interval diligently apply ourselves to complete our means of defence , so that in the spring we may command every speices of security , which the resources of the country are calculated to afford . If it be the opinion of the House , that officers should be assigned to the different volunteer battalions , the sooner it is done the better , that they may have time to form acquaintance with 195 the officers with whom they would have to act , and the men they would have to command , before the season for military operation returns I should wish , therefore , that even this night , at least before the recess , the House should pass a vote for carrying this object into effect , I am the more urgent for this , because it appears to be the only object connected with the Estimates that rails for oar immediate attention . Other points may be reserved for future discussion , but if Parliament separates without making provision for the expenses which the objects I have pointed out will require , there will be no opportunity of making up for the time which must thus be lost in carrying the plan into execution.—But even in addition to this improvement on the volunteer system , it will necessary , in order to give it due effect , that it should be accompanied with some new regulations of detail , the purpose of which will be to keep up the number of the volunteers to their full amount , to ensure punctuality of attendance , to promote steadiness , attention , and soldierly habits , and , though without putting the corps under martial law , provide for that obedience and discipline requisite to form the military character . Looking forward , as I am afraid we must , to the long duration of the present contest , it is of the utmost importance to prepare a system of defence , which will be commensurate to the necessity of our situation , and adequate to every purpose , both of defensive and offensive war . We have already seen what exertions , what sacrifices , the people of this country are ready to make , tinder the guidance of parliament , under the impulse of zeal for its honour and independence , under a sense of the danger wish which the are threatened . This zeal and this spirit , prompting such generous and unanimous efforts , may perhaps induce the enemy to abandon the project which he has presumptuously conceived and rashly proclaimed perhaps , after viewing us on every side after reconnoitring our position , he may be forced virtually to admit that we are unassailable . Perhaps , he may apparently abandon his designs ; but we must not suffer ourselves to be lulled into a fatal security . We must not relax our efforts , or intermit Oar preparations , while any measure of wise precaution remains to be adopted . We must take care that the enemy shall not do , by surprize , what he finds he can not do when he has given us warning . Indeed we are not to expect that after the force of the country has been let down , the enemy will always be so confident and so indiscreet as to give us ten months previous notice of the attack 196 which he meditates . If , upon the apparent abandonment of the project of invasion , the people of this country were to indulge themselves in congratulation on their escape , there is some danger that the spirit which has I proved our safety would subside , and these efforts be relaxed . The volunteer system might thus moulder