on the idea that it was to be esteemed , a money bill . Such a bill , however , was now pending in the other house , and he 61 Should avail himself of the opportunity , when that bill came to be considered by their lordships , to introduce one to the effect he had mentioned . Adjourned till Monday . from the Bank of England , presented at the bar , `` an account of the number and amount of bank notes in circulation on the 1st of June , the 1st of August , the 1st of October , and the 25th of November , I803 , distinguishing those under £5 . '' Ordered to he on the table , and to be printed.—On the motion of Sir W. Scott , the stipendiary curates bill was read a second lime ; committed pro forma , the blanks filled up , the report received , and the bill as amended , ordered to be taken into further consideration on Wednesday next.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the seamen 's desertion bill , which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday next.—On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the bank restriction bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The house then resolved itself into a committee of ways and means ; in which , the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved the following resolutions ; that the duty on malt , mum , cyder , and perry , imposed by the 43d of his present Majesty , which was to expire on the 24th of June , 1604 , be further continued till the 24th of June , 1805 ; that the 4s . in the pound to be raised on all pensions , offices , & c. till the 25th of March , 1804 , do continue to be raised on the same till the 25th of March , 1805 ; that the duties on sugar , tobacco , snuff , & c. imposed by the different acts of Parliament , do continue to be further raised upon the same till the 25th of March , 1805 . These resolutions were severally put and agreed to.—The Secretary at War presented an estimate of the expence of guards and garrisons , which was ordered to he on the table . He then gave notice , that , on Friday next , he should submit the army estimates to the consideration of the house.—Sir Philip Stephens moved the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider further of a supply to be granted to his Majesty ; which being read , he moved , That the several accounts presented , of the ordinaries and extraordinaries of the navy , be referred to the said committee . Ordered.—The house haying formed , itself into a com- 62 mittee of the whole house ; Sir Philip moved ; that a sum , not exceeding 2,670,000l . 9s . 9d . be granted to his Majesty for the ordinaries of the navy , including the half-pay of navy and marine officers , for 1804 . Granted ; that 948,520l . be granted for building , re building , and repairing ships of war in his Majesty 's dock-yards , over and above the ordinary wear and tear , for the year 1804 . Granted.—The chairman was ordered to report progress , and to ask leave to sit again.—Report ordered to be received to-morrow morning.—Sir Philip Stephens gave notice , that he should , on Monday , move to refer die estimates of the probable expense of transports , prisoners of war , & c. to a committee of the whole house.—Mr . Vansittart moved the orders of the day , on the report of the committee on expiring laws , which being read , he moved the continuance of all the last regulations respecting corn , permitting the importation , and prohibiting the exportation of it ; renewing also the regulations