of Parliament . With respect to a general investigation of the subject , the inclination of his opinion was , that under the present circumstances of the country , such a proceeding would be , upon the whole , rather injurious than beneficial . He thought , however , it would be preferable to wait the result of the pending inquiry , before any proceeding or measure of importance , relative to the subject , should be adopted in that House . He was of the noble lord 's opinion as to the expediency of a provision is the bill , enabling Parliament to modify or alter the measure during the present session . stated , that he had to propose the insertion of a cause in the bill , explanatory or a provision which had been made in the bill of restriction , originally passed in the Parliament of Ireland , and had been since regularly enacted in the subsequent 716 bills : the effect of this provision , his lordship described , went to prohibit the recovery of costs in actions brought against the Irish Bank directors , but which he understood had I been acted upon in such a way in some of the Irish courts of law , as he was inclined to think , could not have been the sense of the Irish legislature at the period of the enactment . His lordship instanced the case where a note was suspected to be fictitious , by one of the clerks of the Bank : it was the custom to refuse payment of the note , in the first instance at least ; and these notes were frequently marked , in red ink , `` forged , '' by the clerk . In some instances of this kind , payment was insisted upon by the presenter of the note , who , in the event of recurrence to a court of justice , proved the goodness of the note , at least in the opinion of the Jury ; or sometimes the validity of the note was acknowledged on the part of the Bank . In the cases he alluded to , the costs were with held , by reason of the clause in question . Such he understood to have been the practice , and he doubted not the concurrence of their lordships in opinion with him , that such a provision ought to be properly explained , and in the particular cases to which he had alluded , to enact the recovery of costs . observed , that this was the first time he had heard of the proceedings stated by the noble lord , as far as related to the with-holding costs ; possibly such decisions might have taken place in the Irish law courts , He did not pledge himself to the negative , but he assured the committee he had never heard of any such . Upon the authority before their lordships he thought it would be going too far to enact the provision ; proposed by the noble lord . In the state of darkness , in that respect , in which they then were , he thought it would be preferable to let the act remain as it stood , and that they should wait until inquiries shall have been made , and the facts ascertained , previous to their taking any legislative steps upon the subject . expressed his thorough acquiescence in what fell from the noble and learned lord : he thought the subject one of very serious importance ; it would be preferable , as things stood , to let the bill remain as it was , than to enact the provision proposed by the noble lord . The suitors , in the alternative alluded to , had the appellants jurisdiction to resort to . His lordship also was adverse to such a step being taken , without full and adequate information on the subject , relating to the character of the administration of justice in another 717 part of the United Kingdom , which was a point of considerable importance . He concluded by recommending