him great regret , to the irregularities of individuals , he believed it was a matter of exultation and astonishment , that the instances of irregularity had been so few . If he lamented there had been any irregularities , he at the same time rejoiced they had been so trifling , as to make it a subject of regret on the part of the House they had ever been noticed . The period when distractions and complaints among the volunteers were at their height was in August last . What had produced them ? It . was , that the whole of their offers had not been accepted . True it was , there existed dissatisfactions , which , in some instances , were manifested by irregularities of expression ; but it was only at the moment , when their loyal and patriotic feelings experienced a certain degree of mortification.—The right hon . gent , had not missed the present occasion of adverting to a topic he frequently alluded to , and had imputed to his Majesty 's government , that they were actuated by base and unworthy motives , and of pursuing popularity at the expence of their public duty . That was a subject to which he adverted with great reluctance . Whether in a greater or less degree they possessed the confidence of the country , was not for him to conjecture . Sure he was they had served the country with zeal and fidelity . It was astonishing 996 that those ministers should be accused of courting popular favour , on whom the painful duty had been imposed of laying taxes on the people to the amount of 15,000,000l . They had performed their duty with regret , but without shrinking from it . He defied the right hon . gent , to produce an instance of any minister having so courted popularity . If his Majesty 's ministers should have the good fortune to succeed in performing their duty to their country in other respects , he trusted they would obtain credit for their motives . In what they had done , he was persuaded the country would not impute to them that they had unlawfully and basely been pursuing popular favour . He begged pardon for having made these observations . They had been drawn from him by the comments of the right hon . gent , who on this , as on former occasions , unsuccessfully , but industriously , had addressed the House for the purpose of creating an impression that we ought not to place any reliance on that description of force , which , if not the object , of reliance , could not act with effect at a tune when , if the the right , hon . gent , was sincere in his idea of the danger that threatened us , no adequate force could be substituted . By the manner in which the right hon . gent , had dwelt on the exemption , any one would be led to imagine they were created by this bill . In fact , all parts of the bill which related to exemptions , were qualifications and modifications of them . But the right hon . gent , meant to take this opportunity of expressing his disapprobation of the whole system , which , at the close of the last session , he pronounced to be that on which the country must rely.—He should conclude by maintaining that the volunteer system was one on which the country must rely for its security , though in what degree he would not say . Thank God ! we had a numerous and well disciplined army , a numerous and well disciplined militia , and 400,009 volunteers . Combining these together , he thought they constituted the most efficient force ever collected for the defence of this or any other country . said , that he should have supposed , from the speech of the right hon . gent , that he was not in the House when his right hon . friend spoke , for he had completely misrepresented all his