right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , not then in his place , respecting the appointment of field officers had not been adopted . He was sure the volunteers themselves would be happy to have the benefit of the instruction of experienced officers , to enable them to perform their duty in the field , ; with honour to themselves , and advantage to their country ; if they were really actuated by a spirit of patriotism , as he had no doubt they were , so far from feeling discontented , therefore , at such appointments , I which was urged as the first objection against this useful regulation , there was every reason to conclude that they would be happy at the adoption of it . Another objection , that it would be impossible to procure a sufficient number of officers from the line , would be obviated , when it was considered , that an English regiment of about 800 men , had an establishment of double the number of officers , than a similar battalion of any other European troops . It had been said , that though the volunteer corps would object to field officers , they would have no difficulty in : receiving adjutants ; but , it was essential to have the officers instructed as well as the privates , and he was of opinion , that it would be inconsistent with military propriety , that an adjutant , who generally held the rank of lieutenant , should instruct his captains , and even field officers . With respect to the volunteers themselves , what had been said by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) on the subject , had been so much misconceived in the House , and so much misrepresented out of it , that he felt disposed , as he was on his legs , to set gentlemen right on that head , He had attended to his right hon . friend as much as any hon . member , and he had never heard him say any thing that could warrant an inference , that 400 000 Britons in arms , so far from being of service , would be injurious to the cause in which they were engaged . His right hon . friend was not so little acquainted with the great deeds which history related to have been performed by the sole impulse of spirit , without discipline , and in many instances without arms . The Swiss peasants , impelled by that spirit , had attacked the French army with no other arms than pitch forks . He had himself witnessed with grief the prowess which the Irish peasantry , impelled by a mistaken spirit , had displayed in repeatedly attacking the King 's troops with no other weapons than what could be easily put into the hand of every peasant , a pike . There 343 were living those who had seen similar instances of bravery in the Scotch peasants . He was sure that this country , with the spirit inspired by the best of causes , the best of Sovereigns , and a liberty such as no other nation could , boast , would display as much valour LIS any other country at any other time . Could it then be supposed , that any roan would venture to assert that 400,000 Britons , in such a cause , with whatever gallantry they may attack an enemy 's forces , could do no service ? All that his right hon . friend contended was , that they would not be so effective , and , though history furnished us with examples of great victories gained by undisciplined troops , there was no doubt that disciplined troops were the best . When we trusted to the army , we trusted to an array which was tried , and which had proved itself in every war , and in no war more than in the last , equal ( for he would not flatter the British army by saying superior ) to the French . He had heard the