it somewhat strange to say that after all the consideration given to this bill by the House , the system was it ; a worse situation than before . There was certainly no material alteration here of the principle of the system ; but , at the same time , this bill certainly went to make it more perfect than before . He observed , that the exemptions could not with propriety be taken away-from the volunteers now , after they had been recognized by Parliament . In cases of sickness , volunteers might be allowed to be absent altogether , without feeing deprived of their exemptions . The circumstance , that none could claim exemption , except a return , was made , would be a security for the commanding officer making a return to government . Corps would be allowed to keep to their own regulations about dismissals , unless they had been abrogated As to the disallowing a man a day on account of his bad behaviour , it origin to be recollected that the return was to be made on the spot by the commanding officer , who would have sufficient time to consider of it . In reply to the objections of Gen. Tarleton , he observed , that the yeomanry and volunteers were not under the command of the generals of the districts , until called out on actual service , and , therefore , though one of the volunteer cavalry had refused logo upon a message for him , there was no way by which he could be compelled to do so at present . With regard to the amendment , about which so much bad been said , lie had certainly understood that the volunteers were liable to be called out , in order to take the place of the disposable force , in case of an invasion of Ireland ; but he would not press that matter , but rely on the energy of the Volunteers . said , that he had heard the right hon . gent , opposite to him , in Opening the business now before the House , speak of a re-commitment of the bill , but he had since heard no assurance of that kind from any of the ministers . He wished to 938 know in what state of the bill the present discussion took place ? said , that the question before the House was , that the Report of the Committee be now taken into further consideration . Two things , therefore , were at the option of the House , either to agree to the Report , or order the bill to be recommitted ; or , instead of now , to appoint it to be taken into consideration on some future day . thought that he should best perform his duty by opposing the receiving of the Report . He viewed the present bill as an inefficient substitute for a crude and undigested system of defence . In all the deliberations on the present bill , the volunteers , he trusted , had been considered as divided into two classes : those who entered in June , and those who had not stepped forward till August . To those of the latter description he begged himself to be understood as applying his observations . During the last session , Parliament had under its consideration the defence act , which , under all its disadvantages , he had no hesitation in thinking infinitely superior to that now-adopted in its head . Under that act , the great body on whom the defence of the country must 1est , would soon have been in a condition , at a small expense , to act in concert with the regular army . They were to have been trained by officers of the line , and were to have been subject to the same number of drill-days as the force now resorted to . He begged it therefore to be considered , what must have been the difference in strength between such a force and one trained under the present system . They were ,