when he considered the critical circumstances , with respect to pending invasion , in order to be of real service , should be carried into effect as speedily as possible , for on a short approaching interval muck may depend . The noble lord then adverted to the delays which he conceived ministers had suffered to take place with respect to the measure in question , and censured their conduct on that head . Much time had been lost . This was the only measure they brought forward for the defence of the country , and as little time should be lost as possible . He deprecated the idea of losing any time in consideration of a recess , but if such a proceeding was resolved upon , he hoped it would be for the shortest period possible , not extending beyond the Monday , which would follow the second reading of the bill . His Lordship then alluded to some parts of the bill , which , from their questionable nature , as well as on account of the conduct of 1007 ministers in these respects , he deemed to require mature consideration and thorough investigation on the part of their lordships . warmly deprecated every idea of hurrying the progress of a bill of such importance as the present through the House : an attempt of the kind militated against the letter and spirit of certain standing orders . He knew there were certain precedents for speedily pushing bills through the House , but he hoped they would not be acted upon ; it was the duty of the House fully and maturely to consider and investigate the measure . He fully agreed in what had been stated by a noble earl of the nature of the bill ; it was one of an intricate kind , and should not be hastily proceeded with : its effects on , and connexion with other measures proposed by ministers in the last session , should be also considered , as well as the length of time which they suffered to elapse before they came forward with the bill in question . The noble earl , after animadverting on the conduct of ministers in these respects , contended for the propriety of discussing the measure in the most cautious and deliberate manner . quitted the woolsack , and delivered his sentiments upon the occasion . He adverted to the irregular turn which the debate had taken , but which to observe upon , as he then felt it proper , he must necessarily fall into the same irregularity himself . The question he conceived was , whether the bill should be read a second time on Tuesday ; and in considering this , the noble and learned lord commented on what had fallen from a noble earl then near him , and from a noble lord who had spoken rather at length on the opposite side of the House : the inconsistency of whose arguments , as operating either in favour of delay , or on the contrary , for expedition , were pointedly remarked upon by his Lordship.—With his noble friend he agreed in the propriety of maturely and deliberately considering the measure before them ; it was irregular in point of form , as well as an erroneous way of considering the case , to go upon an assumption of what the House in its wisdom may resolve upon with respect to the ensuing period of recess . He seemed to think the latter day mentioned , the preferable of the two , as , in common with several of their Lordships , he knew but very little of the detailed provisions of 1008 the bill , save from that description of them which his duty on the occasion of the first reading of the bill rendered it necessary he should read to the House ; and he was fully convinced of the propriety of duly and thoroughly discussing the measure in question . spoke in explanation , and Lord Minto seemed inclined to speak , when . deemed it incumbent on him to remind their Lordships of the