volunteer corps in future . To abolish those already subsisting was , he was aware , difficult , and might perhaps be impossible . Certainly it ought not to be attempted , if it could not be put upon a footing to make it consistent with good faith . But the granting such exemptions in future , and continuing by design what had got a place in the system only by chance and against the intention of its authors , was a proceeding for which no rational motive could be assigned , and which he could not hear without great surprise as well as concern , was to make part of the present hill . What he had further to object being of 2 sort , which could not have been corrected by an amendment or clause was as proper ( or more proper ) , to be urged on that day as on the day before . It was an objection to the whole system . While the right of exemption produced the effect on the one hand of defrauding the army , the army of reserve and the militia , by contracting the population , from which they were to be supplied , it oppressed the whole country , and particularly the lower orders , to a degree the most grievous , and by means the most intolerable that were ever admitted deliberately , into the institutions of any state . Where did any one ever hear , except as matter of complaint and reprobation , of a power such as that vested in the leaders of volunteer corps , whether one or many , of deciding arbitrarily and without appeal , who should or should not be liable to a ballot , the effects of which would be to the persons on whom it might fall , a fine of 40 or 50 guineas ? These were sums which to the bulk of those who might be liable to them , would be nothing less than absolute ruin ; at the same time that it might be equally ruin to them to quit their trades and their families and to engage for a service of five years , as soldiers . Such a power lodged in the hands of a commandant where the constitution of the 336 corps was monarchical , or in a committee or sub-committee , where its form was republican or democratical , would rank here after for oppression or abuse , with any of those most famous in history—with the dispensing power or powers of granting indulgences . It was not that this power was applied abusively or oppressively , in many or perhaps in any instances , at present ; but it could hardly fail to be so in the end , and in the mean-while must be considered as one wholly out of the course of all ordinary proceedings , and for which it was hardly possible to find a fit depositary . Such a power must however somewhere exist , supposing the privilege of exemption to continue : for it was impossible to imagine , that every one could be allowed to enter into a volunteer corps that pleased : and he or they , who had the power of admission or rejection , must possess the power here spoken of , improper and unsafe as that power might be . The only remedy was , either to abolish exemptions , or to abolish volunteer corp9 . It seemed hardly possible to correct the evil by regulation . Nor was it to be conceived , that such evil had now become small , because the greater part of the militia and army of reserve were raised , and ballots of consequence to the same extent were no longer wanted . To the same extent they : certainly would not be wanted ; but it must be considered at the same time , that they would have to operate upon diminished numbers : so that to supply and maintain the-present force , that is to say , to make good what was then wanting , and afterwards to maintain the whole