the judgment of many experienced military officers , that for the purpose of resisting sudden attack , or a forced march to an important point , they possess decided advantages over an irregular farce . I am aware , my Lords , that many persons also of great military information , have recommended that the volunteers should only be employed as a desultory force , and that to qualify them for that , it would be advise-able that they should unlearn every thing they had acquired in the way of military discipline . I do not see how that could be well done with prudence or safety , considering the crisis in which we are placed , and , I think , it will be more judicious to take the system as it at present is , with ail the disadvantages that may appertain to it . We all allow that the principle in itself is good ; and where the advantages are numerous and apparent , and the disadvantages not great , I think that by adopting the system , such as it is , we best provide for the interest and safety of the state . The bill for the regulation of that system is now before the House , and I shall trespass but a little time longer on the pa- 1026 tience of noble Lords , while I call their attention to a few of the clauses in it . [ The noble Lord here made a few observations on the different clauses relating to the exemptions , the right of resignation , and the election of officers . ] I will not deny , my Lords , that there are very great anomalies in this bill , but , notwithstanding , I conceive that the safety of the country may be so essentially provided for by it , that I should hope it , the principle at least , may meet with no great opposition in this House . We are to consider that the volunteer force is of that nature , that it will advance in improvement every day , and that considering the different materials of which it is composed , it should be matter of surprize not that there have been some or so many irregularities , but that there have been so few . I know that it has been objected to the volunteer system , that it can not be permanent , that it has been produced by the exigency of the moment , and that it contains the principles of dissolution in itself . Should that ever happen , of which I must acknowledge , my Lords , I see no reasonable ground of apprehension , it would then be the duty of ministers to advise his Majesty to recur to the General Defence Act . By that act , his Majesty is authorised to call forth the services of all ranks of his people , and to dispose of them as may seem most fitting to him , for the protection of the state . But trust , my Lords , that his Majesty 's ministers will never be reduced to the alternative of advising him to that measure . I have that confidence in the zeal , loyalty , and spirit of the volunteers , that should the moment of danger ever arrive , they will not be found wanting in their duty ; that their energies will increase in proportion to the apprehension of invasion ; and that they wall submit with readiness and cordiality to the various regulations which it is the object of the present bill to establish for the good order and discipline of a force , which I , for one , should be happy-to see last as long as the necessity that has given rise to it . expressed his entire disapprobation of the bill , which commenced with an affirmation totally repugnant to the principles of the constitution . His Lordship adverted to the General Defence Act , carried through the House in two days ; and which , in common with the present bill , contained the assertion of