, yet it would , he declares , have afforded him more unqualified satisfaction , if the mediation of the court , of Russia , whether successful or not , had been explicitly mentioned in the speech from the Throne ; and that the allusion to the insurrection in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland , had been couched in other or more guarded expressions.—Sir , the hon . gentleman has stated , with accuracy , the general import of that pledge , which , during the last session of Parliament , was made by my noble friend , the Secretary of State , whom it has pleased his Majesty to promote to a seat in another assembly . My noble friend did certainly declare , as the hon . gentleman has fairly stated , that his Majesty 's ministers were ready to accept , not only now , but at any future time , the mediation of the Emperor Alexander , towards terminating the unhappy and unprovoked hostility in which the British empire was involved ; and that for the purpose of convincing all Europe , of the equity of their cause , and the pacific nature of their intentions , they would not only accept it if offered , but that they would even condescend to solicit it . Sir , for the information of the hon . gentleman , I will communicate to him and to this house , that that mediation was offered by the court of Russia , and accepted with readiness and gratitude , on the part of his Majesty 's servants ; and although discussions of the greatest moment were consequently commenced , yet I am sorry to say , that in their progress they did not assume such a shape as to lead to any probability of an amicable arrangement with France . No man can be more concerned than I am , that the interference of that court has not been attended with that success which the hon . gentleman , on a former occasion , seemed so zealous in his expectation of . I am not , however , at all astonished to find , that the hon . gentleman expresses surprise at not receiving more information relative to this subject , nor do I think the regret he has shewn at finding any account of the issue of the negotiation omitted in his Majesty 's speech at all un- 25 reasonable . I can assure the hon . gent , and the house , that his Majesty 's servants have no wish whatever to withhold all the information in their power respecting the discussions which have taken place . The fact is , however , that circumstances of a nature which I hope may be temporary , but which I will not positively pledge , myself will turn out to be of that nature , did prevent ministers from making a communication to the house . Their wish was to conceal no information which could at all throw light on the subject , but they did not wish that the communication which they made should be imperfect , as it necessarily must have been if made under existing circumstances . Though I will not absolutely pledge myself to make a communication , even if the obstacle arising from the circumstances to which I have referred were removed , yet I can have no difficulty in saying that I should not be unwilling to gratify the house with the information in question , if it appeared to be the general wish of the house that this information should be granted . What I have said on this topic is , I trust , sufficient to convince the house , that the omission of the mediation of Russia in the speech was perfectly justified by circumstances . I will now , Sir , advert to what the hon . gent , said on the manner in which the speech notices the late insurrection in Ireland , and the actual stale of that country . In his Majesty 's speech a hope is expressed , that such part of his