tonight . As to the amendment being only what the House intended to have expressed , he did not think , it much to the credit of the House , to have sent into the other House a bill which did not express what was meant by its authors—an additional reason for not being so hasty a second time . He alleged that the House would have done more wisely by printing the bill , and giving more time for its discussion than it had done . The lords had ordered it to be printed , and wisely so , for such measures should have as ample a discussion as possible . In one word , unless some better reason than any he had yet heard , was given for agreeing to these amendments to-night , he should think it his duty to object to that course . An adjournment was moved by Lord Folkestone , as the bill had not been printed , that members might have an opportunity of seeing with more certainty what was the effect of the different amendments.—The gallery was then cleared ; but we understand that his lord-ship was prevailed upon to withdraw his j motion . The amendments were then read and agreed to ; the bill was returned to the lords , and the House adjourned . rose to draw the attention of the House to a petition which had been presented against the return for Middlesex , by a certain description and number of persons , stating themselves to be freeholders of that county . With regard to the point of time , he had not a moment to lose in making the observations which occurred to him respecting the formality of that petition , as the merits of the petition were to be taken into consideration to-morrow . But what he had to observe with respect to that petition would be best understood by a reference to the 26th of the King . The House would recollect , that for the better arrangement of petitions on controverted elections , several provisions had been made in that act , not only for preventing the penalties of the act , but also for preventing the presentation of undue and informal petitions one of those provisions stated , in a very plain and distinct manner , that the House could net proceed at all on 386 any petition , unless the persons whose names were subscribed to it claimed the right of voting at such election , or set forth a claim to a seat in that House in consequence of the result of such an election . The petition to which he alluded , and to which he intended to object , was signed by persons not stating their claim to a right to vote , or to a seat in that House in consequence of the issue of the Middlesex election ; it was consequently a petition not squared and modelled agreeably to the provision of the act which he had already quoted . As to the proceedings of the House previous to the passing of that act , they were regulated on act of a more liberal or more loose construction . But that act was in its nature so strictly obligatory upon the House , that , in his opinion , it particularly called upon them , not to set the example of disobeying a law so pointedly and forcibly laid down . If it should appear to the House that on the occasion of this petition , their proceedings were had upon erroneous grounds , it would be now for their wisdom and better judgment to rectify the mistake . It might be a question , which was the more proper mode of proceeding on the present occasion ; he should take the liberty of suggesting two modes ; either , that the order which stands for to-morrow for taking the Middlesex petition into consideration be discharged , as far as it relates to the petition in question ; or , if it did not appear to occasion any material inconvenience from a short delay , to defer