C. L. Dundas brought up the report of the Waterford Committee , which stated , that the Committee had found the election of Mr. Alcock illegal and defective , and that consequently they had declared Sir John Newport the legal member.—Mr . C. L. Dundas also in pursuance of this report moved , that the Deputy Clerk of the Crown be ordered to attend to-morrow morning , in order to erase the name of Mr. Alcock , and alter the election . Ordered.—Mr . Sargent brought up the report of the Qualification Indemnity Bill . Ordered to be read a third lime to-morrow.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day for a Committee of the whole House on the Irish Sugar Drawback Bill . The alterations adopted by the Committee were purely verbal.—The House being resumed the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day for the Irish Distillery Bill . It was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day for a Committee of the whole House on the Irish Promissory Note Bill . The House having resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day for a Committee of the whole House on the Irish Provision Bill . The blouse hav 139 ing resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day or the second reading of the Irish Proclaimed Indemnity Bill . It was read a second time accordingly , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Mr . Secretary Yorke brought up the report of the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill , which was ordered to be read a third time to-roorroW.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of tire East-India Bonds Bill . Ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—The Malt Duty Bill was passed through a Committee , and was ordered to be reported to-morrow.—Mr . J. C. Beresford gave notice that he would to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the sale of corn in the City of Dublin.—Upon the motion for the committal of the Curate 's Residence Bill , a few observations were made by different hon . members , in the course of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer observed , that most probably all the bills which were in such a state of forwardness would be read a third time on Friday next.—The Curate 's Relief Bill passed through a Committee , and was ordered to be reported to-morrow.—Accounts were ordered to be laid before the House of the sums of money which have been issued to his Majesty by Parliament pursuant , to addresses of the House , and which had not as yet been made good.—The Wine Bonding Bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The Five Million Loan Bill , the Expiring Laws Bill , and the Sugar Drawback Bill , were committed , and ordered to be reported to-morrow . then brought up the report of the committee on the bill for continuing Martial Law in Ireland . The report being read , said , it was not his intention to trouble the house with any long or minute discussion . With regard to the necessity of the measure now before the house , he believed there could be only one opinion . He rose , not to oppose the measure nor to deny its necessity , for he was of opinion that such a measure was really necessary in the present circumstances of Ireland , and that it had been suggested by the imperious dictates of necessity alone . The only difference that existed between him and the framers of the bill , was in regard to the mode of carrying it into execution.—He did not wish to trouble the house , but he wished to propose some amendment in regard to the constitution of those courts martial to which the bill alluded . He thought , unless in a case of the most impe- 140 rious necessity ,