being put , that the bill be read a second time , rose , and spoke as follows : —Sir ; the observations , which I am about to offer , will be comprised within a very narrow compass . Indeed , I should not have intruded myself at all upon the patience of the house , if I could , compatibly with the view I entertain of my duty towards the country , to which this bill immediately relates , have permitted a measure of such moment to pass in a silence , that might have the appearance of a listless indifference . The affairs of Ireland must be universally admitted to merit the serious attention and earnest solicitude of every member of Parliament ; but there are several among us , who are under more peculiar and indispensable obligations to watch over its concerns . I mean , Sir , those who gave their voles for the legislative union of the two countries . It does especially be hove such of us as were instrumental in the extinction of the local parliament of Ireland , to shew to die people of that country , so far at least as may depend I upon our individual exertions , that we have substituted in its place a legislature adequate , not only in means , but in zeal , diligence , and constancy , for the discharge of the trust confided to it . The local Parliament , Sir , had indisputably one eminent advantage . Being . from the very circumstance of its locality , more intimately mixed with the transactions of the country , it had a shorter and more easy access to information in respect to I its internal state than a more remote legislature can possess , This inconvenience attached to the united Parliament , the friends of the union believed , would be far over-balanced by the numerous and solid benefits likely to accrue from that measure ; but no one can contend , that it is not an additional call on this Parliament , for its most active vigilance and assiduous application with regard to the interests of Ireland . The inquisitorial power of Parliament , Sir , is the very vital principle of ail its privileges and functions , and I trust this authority will ever be exercised fairly , faithfully , and impartially , throughout every part of the united kingdom . Before , we frame laws for Ireland , it is incumbent on us to have before us , an accurate state of the country for which we are about to legislate . Under these impressions , Sir , I come to the matter before us , which every one must feel to be of the most grave and critical importance . It is a demand upon us , for continuing to the executive government of Ireland , the power of depriving , at its discretion , a very large de- 91 scription of our fellow subjects of those rights of liberties , to which , by the ordinary principles of the constitution , they are entitled . The measure , Sir , has certainly been often adopted . That it has been too frequently necessary , and that in many instances even the preservation of the country has been attributable to it , is a position I shall be the last man in this house to deny , and should be at variance with all my past conduct , if I were disposed to dispute it . But I should feel myself acting in direct contradiction to the motives , which have on former occasions impelled me to vote for the measure , if I were not to expect such parliamentary information as might enable every gentleman to form a clear and satisfactory judgment in respect to its present necessity . I was a member , Sir , in the Irish parliament , at the period in which the first martial law bill was introduced , and if I am inaccurate in my recollection of the grounds upon which it was originally founded , I am in the presence of