to be changed as to leave any considerable void in our means of defence , even for a short time . Fie did nor propose , or wish , therefore , that the volunteer force should be disbanded or greatly red need : he doubted , in fact , whether by what he should recommend , it would be so much reduced as in the way about to be adopted : he wished if only to be put upon the footing on which it originally stood , or was supposed , at least , to stand , by those who first engaged in it , namely , that of service free from any species of compulsion , but divested also of any inducements other than those which were furnished by mere zeal and patriotism . In this state , whatever good it did would be pure and unmixed . It would not operate , as it did at present , to the continued diminution of a force more valuable than itself ; a force , which , if the present system continued , must be for ever growing less and less.—Endeavours were made to show that the volunteer system did not produce this effect , but that the recruiting of the army was rather better than worse for it . The way in which this was made out was , as the House , had heard , that by the military spirit which it infused , men were induced to enter into the army , who would not otherwise have thought of that mode of life . He would oppose to that the number of men , whatever it might be , who finding in themselves something of a military passion were satisfied to give it vent in corps of this description , and remain there when otherwise they might have gone further . It might possibly happen that neither number was very considerable ; but he saw no reason to suppose that the last might , not be as great as the former.—So much for the assistance which the volunteer corps were supposed to give to the recruiting . The prejudice they 632 occasioned was easily understood . In consequence of the number of exemptions , the lists were often exhausted , so that the recruiting of the army of reserve , the only source of recruiting now left for the line , in those instances stood still ; and at all events sustained a great delay : the consequence of all which was , that the army of reserve had stopt at 36,000 instead of 50,000 , and had little apparent probability of ever getting much further . But the principal mode in which the volunteer system operated to the prejudice of the army was by increasing the price of substitutes , and thereby bringing things to the state before alluded to , namely , that in which the army of reserve was the only channel by which recruits were received . This it did in four ways . First , it lessened the number of men liable to be balloted , and thereby retarded , and in many instances absolutely prevented , the filling up the army of reserve . 2dly , it threw the ballot upon a class of men , less disposed , from their habit and situation , to serve in person , and producing therefore , in proportion to their numbers , a greater demand for substitutes . 3dly , it lessened the number of men , who would be willing to engage as substitutes , and 4thly , it placed those who might be willing so to engage , in a situation infinitely more advantageous for them in making their bargain . A man would engage as a substitute on very different terms when he had a ballot hanging over his head , and when he stood under the shelter of an exemption : as it might happen very well , that in the one case he would be willing to engage on moderate terms , and in the other not 10 engage at all . These , it must be presumed