garrison duty ; he , therefore , agreed that if they assembled again on permanent duty , they ought to receive a similar bounty . thought that the bounty ought to be regulated by the number of days of actual service . If the volunteers received such large bounties for service , there was danger that jealousy might be created among the regular troops . He suggested the propriety of allowing only 3s . 6d . for seven days service , 10s . 6d . for 14 days , and a guinea where it extended to the whole 21 days . By such an arrangement he was convinced that the inconveniencies alluded to would be avoided . Unless this was done , it had the appearance of giving the volunteers double pay to allow them such large bounties . could not at all admit this inference . When men first entered into the army , they might receive a bounty of 15 or 20 guineas . They thus had the means of living more comfortably the first year of their service than in any one subsequent . But it could not be seriously urged that they were for the first year allowed double pay . He disapproved of the proposition of placing the money allowed in the hands of the commanding officer , to be expended in necessaries . He thought it much preferable to let it be given in the form of a direct bounty . It was proper that the individuals called out should , by receiving the money in this way , be enabled to dispose of it either in procuring more comfortable living , or in saving it for the use of their families . This was the mode of giving the allowance by far the most calculated to encourage offers of actual service . was an enemy to any money being given for the pay of volunteers . It was not by money , but by the principles and spirit of the people , that voluntary service could be obtained . We must , to be enabled to defend the country , have immense numbers of men in arms , and these numbers we had not money to procure . There were many other ways of disposing of our money without paying the volunteers , and with all the economy that could be used , the House might depend on it the public purse would be pretty well drained . allowed , that from the habits of his life he could not be supposed so well qualified to judge of the application of money as the hon . baronet ; but he must be permitted to say , that the saving now proposed , was one , which neither wisdom or policy could suggest . He entertained no idea that there was any want of spirit in the volunteers of this country ; but this spirit alone , without proper encouragement , could not produce voluntary service adequate to the extent of the danger which threatened us . Many individuals might be very willing to enter on actual service , who could not do so without material inconvenience to themselves and families . To remove this inconvenience was the object to be effected by the country , and the expense of money was no object compared with the advantage obtained.—He knew the accuracy of the hon . baronet 's mind , and was fully aware of his great weight , but could not help regretting his anxiety on the present occasion to prevent the saving of the expense to be incurred in paying the volunteers on actual service . The hon . baronet 's opposition now was distinguished by as great obstinacy as his pertinacious resistance last year to any allowance for drilling the volunteers . He trusted that the committee would not listen to any proposition for curtailing the allowances to volunteers on actual duty . claimed at least the merit of consistency . The right hon . gent , had chosen to allude somewhat personally to his attachment to money . If the right hon . gent , attacked him on that score