non-visible , instead of invisible . The necessity was not visible , and the notoriety which had been mentioned was , he supposed , not audible . The law , it was acknowledged , had never been acted upon , but in one solitary instance , and in that one instance he would assert , that it had been 125 misapplied . It had been directed to the punishment of a man who had attempted to seduce the soldiers from their allegiance ; an act , which , though perhaps , even more criminal than open violence , did not come within the meaning of the statute . The hon . member noticed the assertion made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that it had been in the contemplation of some members of the Irish government to propose the enactment of Martial Law previous to the 23d of July , and he contrasted it with the declaration of the right hon . gent , only live days before the insurrection , that there was more loyalty in Ireland than ever , and that tranquillity was perfectly secure . Should a distinct enquiry into the business of the 23d of July ever take place , he hoped the right hon . gentleman would take for his defence , ground a little more tenable than that on which he stood at present . With respect to the measure now before the House , he wished the House to consider what had been the policy of our ancestors , when called upon for extraordinary powers , even under circumstances of great danger . In the reign of Edward III . ministers came to the House for advice , and stated , that in divers counties , cities , and towns , ill-disposed men had leagued together , and sworn , when they should receive news agreeable to their desires , to rise , to rob and murder their neighbours , and procure a general insurrection throughout the land . This was at a period when die King was with his army in France , and the news , which was desired by the ill-disposed , was no less than the ruin of that army , at the head of which was the Sovereign . In this situation what was done by the House of Commons ? Did it declare martial law ? No . It answered , that if the guardians of the peace were not capable of performing their duty , they must be reinforced by ethers more sufficient , and that no persons arrested must be released on bail till they were delivered by persons of sufficiency , and she most respectable of the country , such as knights and Serjeants . This last clause was in effect a mitigated suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act . Such was the wisdom of our ancestors . Here was no recourse to martial law , a sort of law , which , even in its best form , was alien to the constitution . But , the mania ] law they were now called on to sanction , was of an aggravated nature . It had none of those checks which had been carefully introduced into the old martial law to modify and correct the virulence of its operation . The learned member then entered into a view of martial law . It took its rise , he said , from the ancient 126 Courts of Chivalry , and the administration of it was originally presided over by a person professing the law . Under the Mutiny Bill , courts martial were to consist of thirteen officers , and one of them was to be a field-officer ; thus preserving the appearance of a judge and jury . The culprit too , was entitled to a copy of the proceedings and the sentence . In short , there had been always an endeavour to make the martial law as like the constitutional law as possible . In the present instance all these ideas were abandoned . Courts martial were allowed to be formed by a smaller number of officers , than ,