corps by the appointment of inspecting field officers , because they were liable to a sort of compulsory inspection by persons receiving pay . He was convinced , however of the necessity of appointing inspecting field officers , and that the volunteers could not be an efficient force without them ; but if field officers from the line were introduced info the volunteer corps , it would necessarily I create jealousy . It had been made part of t the proposition , that field officers from the line should not be appointed to volunteer , corps without the consent of the commanding officers ; but this was placing a commanding other in a situation of great difficulty and delicacy . If he recommended the appointment of a field officer from the line , it might be considered as a confession of his own insufficiency ; whilst , if he refused to I assent to a recommendation of that nature , he might be liable to censure ; add to this , there were many volunteer corps which already had the benefit of the assistance of I military officers of great experience , either as commandants , or as holding commissions in such corps . At the same time it was his wish that it should be a part of the instructions from the commander in chief to the general officers commanding districts , to spire field officers from the regulars , where- 825 ever it can be done , in order to perfect the discipline of the volunteer corps . He repeated that the object of the right hon . gent . was answered by the appointment of inspecting field officers , and also by the appointment from the line of adjutants and serjeant-majors . said , as to the appointment of inspecting field officers , it was obvious that could not interfere with his proposal of appointing field officers from the line to assist in disciplining volunteer corps , as the persons appointed inspecting officers held the rank of lieut . colonels—whilst he proposed to appoint persons , probably captains , from half pay . At least they might try whether any such persons might be obtained ; at any rate , the two descriptions of persons were wholly distinct , as no one was appointed an inspecting officer who had not been a field officer in the army , whilst he proposed to take field officers for volunteers from those in the line who held subaltern commissions . The right hon . gent , had said , that such a measure would be likely to create jealousy : he was sorry to hear it , but certainly the appointment of inspecting field officers was not sufficient to render volunteer corps in any degree well disciplined . Some of those officers had half a county to attend to , and he would ask , whether they could in that case do much more than relate what they had been told by others , with respect to the discipline of corps , instead of being intimately acquainted with it themselves ? He was now , however , told , that because persons had been appointed to see that instructions had been given to volunteer corps , that it was unnecessary to appoint persons to instruct them : he could not conceive this to be very conclusive reasoning . He did not believe I hat any jealousy would be excited by the appointment of field officers of the description he had alluded to ; it would rather be caused by the appointing inspecting field officers , who were superior to the commanders of the regiments . Add to this , that inspecting field officers were appointed by a compulsory regulation , whilst ail he proposed was to provide fried officers where it was requested by the commanding officers of corps , therefore there was still less cause for jealousy . Another ground of objection was , that commanding officers would be placed in a situation of great delicacy ; but he did not see the force of this objection . Suppose the commanding officer were to recommend the appointment of a