. I sincerely agree with the noble lord , and it has been , as he has stated it , the opinion of the most eminent and luminous writers on political economy , that laying up any commodity in times of a scarcity of that commodity , is a corrective of the scarcity . No one now that pretends to be at all conversant with the subject , but knows the ignorance of those popular clamours which in times of general scarcity are raised against the cornfactor and the farmer , who are , in fact , the only instruments by which countries visited with scarcity are preserved from absolute famine . But the noble lord has certainly mistaken the 313 sense in which the words to which he alluded were applied . In another place , a censure , and a just censure , was meant to be cast upon those individuals , who were so defective in their patriotism as in the present moment to hoard up their money and keep it out of general circulation , from a want of confidence in the security of their country ; and in this sense the words were certainly used . Though communities , such as the bank , upon which the credit of the country depended , ought certainly to keep as much cash as is adequate to the demands of the nation , and hoarding therefore is proper in them , the ca-e I apprehend is very different , as far as it respects individuals.—Now with respect to the proposals of the noble lord as to the appointment of a committee ; the noble lord has not brought forward these in form , nor as objections to the present passing of the bill . I desire therefore to be understood , as not either according to , or absolutely denying the plan to which he has adverted I agree with him , that some particularly important evils may , even in times of danger and alarm , be brought forward under peculiar circumstances , and proposed to the consideration of Parliament though the person who does thus bring them forward , can not , at the time , suggest to his own satisfaction any full and adequate remedy . The first remedy which he suggests to the evil which he thinks to arise from the Bank 's restriction , is , that the Bank should gradually , and with much prndent forethought be made to resume its payments in specie . If , however , the evil does not arise from this cause , but from the other causes which I have already mentioned , viz . the increasing commerce and agriculture of the country , it follows that this remedy will not avail for correcting that evil . But the noble lord will also recollect , that though under all circumstances his Majesty 's government had thought it advisable to propose the passing of this act during the whole course of the present war , the act may still be repealed by Parliament , if previous to that time , the necessity that at present exists should by any means be done away . I can assure the noble lord , that this subject has not been left unnoticed by his Majesty 's government.—Now , to examine the other remedy , which he suggests for giving greater security to public credit . I suppose his lordship means that something of the same nature should be resorted to as that sort of plan which was adopted in 1973 , of giving government paper and security to such individuals as could prove to the satisfaction of a Committee that they had real and solid property to the amount . I was not at die time 314 perfectly satisfied with this scheme ; and from what has since fallen under my own observation , nothing short of a very strong necessity indeed could oblige me to give my assent to such a measure . I do not therefore say , that no circumstances could exist in which I should think the plan advisable to be adopted . But I know