better hands than those it was in at present , namely , in the hands of his Majesty , advised as he . was by his ministers , who were responsible for the advice they gave.—But whatever might be brought forward by his right hon . friend , the House might be assured that the principle of good faith would be kept entire , and adhered to without the slightest deviation but , having said this , he must be allowed to say , that he deprecated the principle as a general one , that large bodies of military should be exposed to the inconveniencies of popular election . That practice , therefore , of continuing to elect officers in all cases by the corps , would not do as a general rule . He would not , therefore , support the general right of a corps to chuse their own officers , unless upon terms in which they might be allowed to do so . where their services had been accepted by his Majesty , or in cases in which his Majesty should be pleased to relax the principle which prevented them from chusing their officers ; yet this was not ail : for while he deprecated the practice of military corps being subject to the evils of a popular election , on account of the effect it might produce upon discipline , there were other evils besides those he had hinted at , and such as the corps might feel among themselves ; they would in many cases be put to difficulties which they were not perhaps altogether aware of . But having said this , he should add , that it was in his opinion material in the highest degree , that , let the recommendation of officers come from whatsoever quarter it may , the feelings of the men who were to be commanded should be consulted , and regarded with great delicacy for , after all , a volunteer corps could never be made to ressemble any other military body , although it was clear that they could never be well provided unless his Majesty had the genera choice of those who were to command these corps , for his Majesty alone ought , generally speaking , to have the power of saying who was fit for the command of a military force within his dominions this , however , he said , without any idea of government having any breach of good faith with anybody of men whomsoever ; but he must again revert to the distinction which was obvious between a body of men before they are formed into a military force , and that what they might be permitted to do in one case had no analogy to what they ought to be permitted to do in the other ; in the one case they might have a popular election without any danger , because in die one case they did not require discipline ; in the other , 442 they could not have a popular election without danger to discipline , or in other words , in the one case they were a civil body , in the other they were a military body . —Sir ; if it had not been for the allusion made by my hon . friend ( Mr.Sheridan ) I should not , perhaps , have said any thing at present upon the subject now before the House , but I think it necessary to say a few words on the subject of the different corps chusing their own officers , as stated by the noble lord and the right hon . gent. , particularly on that which has been stated by the right hon . gent who has informed the House of the advice he should give to his Majesty , in the event of any military corps persisting in the choice of its own officers . And , Sir , lam the more desirous of adverting to the sentiments of the right hon . gent , as they came from himself , than to the explanation of the noble lord . The right hon