when one of the secretaries of state declared , that that opinion was a sufficient rule for magistrates . In a word , on this point , he must have concluded from the conduct of ministers , that they fully approved the law as interpreted by the attorney general , and nothing but their grave acceleration prevented him from thinking so still . As to general measures of defence , it was not his intention to follow the example of Mr. Pitt in proposing any ; and , in truth , one reason was , that I lie House was so little inclined to adopt his suggestions , and he was afraid that even Mr. Pitt was not likely to be more successful : unless , perhaps , there was some ordour of cilice still about him which might have its influence . He believed , however , that Mr. Pitt had not much greater prospect of seeing his plans adopted by the ministers than his himself had . He thought it better , therefore , to stick to the bill before the House , whatever were its defects , particularly as it was now the conviction of all , except ministers themselves , that the country was net in that state of defence which , from the immense means confided to ministers , it ought to have been in . And upon the volunteer system , therefore , we were forced to place a good deal of dependence . It was rather singular , however , that after the volunteer system had existed above seven months , it should be necessary to begin to make new regulations about attendance , silence in the ranks . Sec . & c , and yet the system itself was resorted to on the ground of immediate danger . It was now said , that the danger was immediate , and if it was likely to arrive in tour or five weeks , it was bet to have the volunteers several times every week , than to purpose to extend the number of drills every week . But with regard to the permanence of the system , it might be proper to adopt another course . It might he necessary to give up some of the perfection which more frequent attendance would bestow , least the volunteers should be so ha- 564 rassed , that they might be induced to abandon the service altogether . As to the right of election he did not see that much was to be done . It might , as had been said , be left to the good sense of the people . But the conduct of ministers in menacing those that should not accommodate themselves to the wishes of government , was calculated to lay the foundation of much dissatisfaction . He hoped , however , that the volunteers would not be bullied oat of their determination to defend the country . It was curious that ministers accused those on the opposition side of the House , of attacking the volunteers , and arrogated the merit of defending them , the fact was , however , that he and his honourable friends , said merely that the volunteers never could be rendered so good as regular troops , while ministers , who affected to defend , were they who levied fines upon the volunteers , and threatened to disband them if they insisted on what at the beginning was conceived to be their right.—Mr . Fox concluded with stating , that a period would soon arrive in which it would be the duty of Parliament to enter into a general enquiry into the state of public defence , which was neither adequate to the means with which ministers had been entrusted , nor to what our situation required . said , he should trouble the House , at that Fate period of the night , with a very few observations . The comparison made by his noble friend , respecting the noble lord at the head of the admiraltry , was only between the first year of the late , and the first year of