you want arms ? Put in requisition all the gun-smiths and black-smiths throughout the island . Do you want men His Majesty 's prerogative enables him to call out the whole nation . Do you want horses ? Put in requisition every coach-horse and saddle-horse , and train them for the purposes of war . Men must in such emergencies go about on foot . Your Lordships will think it no hardship to walk down to tins House ; and I honour too highly the sex , to suppose that they would complain of any necessary privations in the hour of difficulty . Do you want ships ? Hire all the merchantmen and small craft in your harbours . As for large ships , I hope the enemy will build them for you , and that our brave seamen will shew them the way to our own ports . Do you want money ? That is a serious question , my Lords , I admit ; but in such times taxes must be laid commensurate to public exigencies . All property is the creature of civil society , and you should use it for the public good , and for the security of the country . I dread , my Lords , the power and intrigues of the enemies of my country , and more still , that political paralysis which has deadened the spirit of every cabinet on the Continent of Europe . Oh ! my Lords , I had rather be reduced to the meanest situation , live on oat-bread and water , and wear the wooden clogs of Westmoreland , than exist pampered with all that affluence could procure me , and 1032 see my country subjected to the terrors of French domination . And , my Lords , give me leave to say , that it gave me extreme consolation to hear his Majesty 's message of last night concerning the Irish militia . I hope and trust that Ireland sees the advantages of her union with us , and that she is disposed to promote and perfect it . I confess , my Lords , that , timid as I am , though I hope not personally , it drove away from my mind the terms of an 100,000 Frenchmen inarms . entered at some length into the consideration of the principle and particular regulations of the bill . The question appeared to be , whether there was , in fact , any necessity for the volunteering system ? and whether , if so , ministers had carried it into execution in the readiest and roost effectual manner ? He conceived that the regulars and militia were not , under the present circumstances of the country , adequate to its defence , and therefore admitted that there was a necessity of resorting to the aid of volunteers , or a general arming . As to which was most proper—Ministers seemed to have acted under the most distressing uncertainty ; indeed , nothing but doubt and inconsistency had marked their conduct upon the subject . They began with holding out no great encouragement to volunteers ; then came the Defence Act ; then the volunteers were encouraged a good deal more : they were , however , soon repressed again . In the minds of ministers , it was clear there existed no distinct notion of any necessity as to the volunteer system . They brought it forward , and repressed it , just as it suited the opinion of the moment . The measures now under consideration , his Lordship thought , shewed neither cleverness nor consistency . He approved of the volunteer system , but thought it should have been instituted on a more reasonable plan in point of ex-pence . Had this been considered at first , and the system been constructed on regular principles , by this time that body of men would have been as complete as their nature would admit . Ministers , he thought , had acted very absurdly in applying one rule to all the counties . Ask any man , how little so ever acquainted with the