the hon . admiral , in detailing matters totally irrelevant to the question before the House . If the Admiralty had been culpable , it would be more regular to bring a direct charge against it , than to bring the question forward in the uncandid manner in which it had been introduced.—It his language was not Parliamentary , he was very sorry for it ; but he could not help feeling as he did on hearing the observations of the hon . admiral , who stated that the faculties of the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty had been impaired by illness . Indisposed he certainly had been , but his faculties were as strong as at the time lie taught the hon . admiral ; how far the hon . admiral had improved by his instructions , he should prove hereafter . He had riot been in the habit of speaking in the House , but he was obliged to notice what had fallen from the hon . admiral . In consequence of his supposing the faculties of the nobles lord at the head of the Admiralty impaired , he must conclude that the fault lay with the `` inexperienced persons '' to whom the administration of the Admiralty devolved . As to his own experience , he should not say any 610 thing ; but the House was acquainted with that of his colleague ( Sir T. Trowbridge ) , That gentleman 's first voyage had been to the East-Indies , where he had continued 12 years . His services since were well known . He should beg here to ask the hon . admiral where his foreign service had been ? The hon . admiral had alluded to the propriety of attacking the enemy 's flotillas in their own ports with small craft , but he should be glad to learn how he would manage that ? To him it appeared impossible ; the whole coast of Boulogne was fortified from Cape Grisnes , and supplied with vast numbers of mortars and guns , and where frigates could not go with safety it was perfectly incomprehensible to him how small craft could . It had been intimated by the hon . admiral , that they should be employed in opposing the gunboats of the enemy . Ridiculous He should state his opinions as he felt them . He was not used to the smooth , flowing language spoken in that House , and should , therefore , utter his sentiments in the downright , rough language of his profession . If they were , employed in this way , the first account that would be received after the next gale of wind , would be their total destruction . Another purpose for which the hon . admiral recommended small craft , was to oppose the enemy 's flotillas on our own shores , by creeping like crabs along the coast . The hon . admiral might like to try his luck there , but there were no able and experienced officer who could think of any success from such efforts.—As to the hon . admiral 's charge against the ordnance , he could say , that that department executed all its business in the most expeditious manner . If the charge was meant against ( he Admiralty , this was not the place to discuss the question , whether the . gun-boats were d-serving of the met it generally attributed to them . If the gun-boats had not been equipped in such a hurry , they would have been much better fitted up.—With respect to the observations of the hon . colonel on his statement respecting the low rate of insurance , he still continued to look upon that as the best Criterion of the state of our navy ; because Buonaparte would not have taken the seamen out of the privateers so long before he wanted them , so far back as May or June last . The privateers did not put to sea , not because they had not seamen , but because they were blockaded . He should state also ,