to enter into any detail upon the subject : by the plan I have proposed , the whole recruiting service will be thrown into the hands of the army , and in that case they will have an opportunity of regulating the bounties . With regard to bounties , it is the opinion of the most experienced officers I have conversed with , that these high Mollies are by no means essay ; it is sufficient if they are liberal , but the great point is , that they should be fixed and certain ; it is now proposed that they should not exceed 10 guineas . This certainly is a mere military question , and it is upon the opinion of the most experienced military men that I have conversed with , that I have formed my own . I think also , that some means should be taken to recruit the army of reserve out of those who are not fit for foreign service , or who do not choose to engage for it . With regard to the collateral means ; the first is that which is recommended in the King 's message ; for by bringing over 10,000 of the Irish militia to tills country , it will enable us to set at liberty 10,000 of Our troops , and to render them disposable for foreign service . But in order to prevent any defalcation in the Irish establishment , I mean to propose that the Irish militia , which now only consists of 18,000 men , should be carried to the point at which they were last war , that is to say , 28,000 men . I should therefore propose , in the first instance , to move for an address to his Majesty , in the terms to Which I alluded in the commencement of my speech : I should then move for leave to bring in a bill , to enable his Majesty to accept this offer of service from the Irish militia ; next , I should propose to bring in a bill for augmenting the Irish militia ; and , lastly , I should propose to bring in a bill for suspending the army of reserve bill for one year . I am not aware that there is any thing more with which it is necessary for me to trouble the House , except only upon one point which I omitted to mention before , but which ought by no means to be lost sight of , I mean the 1080 state of the volunteer force . By the latest returns I have seen , after critical inspection , the number of men , effectual and present , was , of cavalry 27,000 , artillery 4000 , and infantry 300,000 ; these were not men upon paper , but effective and present . The cavalry were all , of course , completely armed , the infantry in all the maritime countries were also armed , as were the greater part of those in the interior counties . I think I can venture to say , that of the volunteer infantry 250,000 are completely armed , and , from the great exertions that are making , I am sure the remainder will in a very short time have their muskets ; and , incase of any sudden emergency , they might be armed with pikes ; , great numbers of which have been issued out . Whatever gents , may say of this volunteer force , I contend that a large proportion of them are as well disciplined as the militia were at the commencement of the last war ; and it would be but candid , if gents , when they spoke of the volunteers , would recollect that they were in a very different state from that in which they were 5 or 6 months ago ; but it has been the constant fashion to represent them as if they were no farther advanced in discipline than they were when they were first embodied . In addition to this force , there are 25,000 sea fencibles , who would