, were the causes which kept the amount of bounty at its present height . At least some causes there must he that kept it so ; for there it was : and was not only as high as ever , but seemed , according to the phrase of the stock exchange , to be looking upwards.—With respect to the uses of the volunteers , he would not now enter upon them , so much having been already said on that subject , nor pursue the comparison between them and an armed peasantry . That an armed peasantry would be able to stop an army , he never had said at any moment : he had often , indeed , said the direct contrary : but then he must observe , that a body of volunteers , in the form at present proposed , would be equally incapable of stopping an army , and the attempt in the mean-while of doing so , while equally unsuccessful , would be infinitely more fatal . The use of light troops , whatever might be their description , was to co-operate with an army , not to stand in lieu of it : the fault he 633 found with the present system was , that it was calculated with a view to the latter of these uses , namely , that of providing a sort of substitute for the army , and not for the former . It was in vain to say , that by training men for a more regular service you did not unfit them for what was irregular : that such kind of instruction would do them no harm . The inference might be true , if instruction were a thing to be had at no expense , with no sacrifice of Lime or of the means of acquiring what was more valuable . It would do men no harm as light troops , if they were all to be taught Arabick ; yet he supposed no one would recommend or much approve that course of instruction . But it was not altogether true , indeed very much otherwise , as had been ably explained by his j hon . friend ( Col. Craufurd ) , that the sort of training , adopted for the volunteer , did no harm . It might do very material harm , and lead to the most serious mischiefs . It might well be doubted , whether even the sort of mixed training taught to the French army , though forced upon them by various considerations not generally applicable , and in traduced in a form very different from that in which it was applied to our volunteers , would be found generally advantageous , But , in another instance , which had been alluded to , and which more nearly resembled what we had to consider , viz . the light troops of the Austrian army , it was universally agreed , as he understood , by the Austrian officers speaking not only with great professional knowledge , but with actual experience of the thing , that the practice which had been introduced of giving to their light troops a degree of regular training had been injurious to them as light troops , and rendered them in fact considerably less valuable , in that respect , than they had formerly-been.—But , whatever might be thought on this point , that is to say , whether any considerable portion of regular training might not prove even injurious to troops meant in the main to act as irregulars , this was certain , that to trust to irregulars as regulars must be pregnant with the most fatal dangers . It was , in our case , to renew the risk of that catastrophe which produced nothing less than the conquest of this country 800 years ago . It was by an action such as that now talked of , but with troops not so disproportioned probably in discipline and experience , that Harold lost his crown and his life , and that the kingdom passed under a foreign yoke . This truth ought to