numerous in proportion ; and the natural consequence of a paucity or redundance of such bills at market , raided or depressed the rate of exchange . said , that as the hon . gent , had not expressed any intention of opposing the motion , it was not , perhaps , necessary to make any observation upon what he had said , but he thought the hon . gent . might as well have reserved his observations till the Committee went into the inquiry which was proposed . What had been said about exchange might be perfectly true , when the exchange between the two countries was real ; but it was well known , that there was a nominal as well as a real exchange , and that ought always to be borne in mind when this subject was discussed . The subject he was convinced was deserving of consideration.—With regard to the distress that prevailed in Ireland on account of the state of the circulation , he was sure no man who had not been in that country could form a just conception of it from any description , however accurate . There was not to be found in the country parts of Ireland , except in the North , any description of coin whatsoever , except some very bad copper ; silver or gold there were none . But as something must be used for circulation , there were many persons who , without any capital whatsoever , set up a kind of banking shops , and issued notes of 6d. , of 1s. , and a note for 3s . 6d . was considered as a very large one ! 654 The difficulties and inconvenience which this occasioned to the higher classes of so ciety were very great indeed , but infinitely more so to the lower classes . In the course of his professional experience in the Court of Justice , he had witnessed the trials of many of those bankers who had become bankrupts , and the lamentable consequences to those who had become sufferers by their insolvency.—He had himself paid , last Saturday at Dublin , 2s . 4d . each for guineas , to bear his expenses hither on his parliamentary duty , and if he had chosen English banknotes he must have paid a still higher premium in proportion.—To an inquiry so resonable as that proposed by the right hon . gent , who made the motion , he did net expect to hear any preliminary objections , such as those made by the hon . member who spoke last : he thought that any such objections would come much more orderly in this Committee , which he did not seem inclined to oppose . Whether in that Committee a competent remedy could be suggested , was another matter ; but , surely , the inquiry ought to be made , by which the House would ! manifest its attention to the grievance , and its wish to redress , if redress should appear practicable ; and so far the anxiety of the public mind would be consoled upon the subject . said , he rose by no means to offer the smallest opposition to the motion of the right hon . gent ; a motion , the principle of which had already been acceded to by some of his friends round him . He did not , however , wish to be understood as meaning to express any conviction that would produce any practical benefit , which would remedy the evil which , was complained of . If the inquiry should be productive of any beneficial consequences , it would give him the most sincere satisfaction , and even if it should fail of the desired end , it might have this effect , that it would prove to the public the truth of the opinion which had been delivered by the best informed men upon this subject , viz . that for the evil of exchange there was no remedy in the power of Parliament . It would set the public mind at rest upon the subject ,