principle , so essential to the constitutional practice of the House as occurred in this bill ? He put it to the hon . gent , who supported this most defective bill , whether they should not think it more decorous in them to ask leave to withdraw this defective bill , and ask leave to present another less imperfect , as the best manner in which they could atone for the unconstitutional principle on which they had attempted to proceed in the House . It was now allowed on all hands that this was a gross oversight at least ; and he thought that going into a Committee to endeavour to cure the defect there , would not be proper , because it would not sufficiently mark the sense of the House 819 upon a proceeding so glaringly repugnant to its rules , and to one of the most important principles of the constitution . said , that if there was any foundation in point of fact in the objection , ( he House would not cure it in a Committee , because it conk not , according to any : rule of practice or principle of the constitution , go into a Committee at all upon the bill . It was not in the legal power of the House to precede upon a bill of this kind without consent : here there was no pretence that any such consent was given . There could be no doubt whatever , that the House must negative the question , that the Speaker do now leave the chair , for the House ought to wait at least until the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who brought in the bill , knew what it contained , before they proceeded to discuss it : the right hon . gent , would hardly ask the House to wait until he himself had had an opportunity of reading it . said , that his hon . friend had in the course of this debate— spoke to order , for that the right hon . gent , had already spoken upon this subject ; upon which , said , I am going to make a motion , Sir. , and have a right to insist on proceeding . called to order again , for that the right hon . gent , had spoken already in this debate , said , he rose for the purpose of making a motion , and he was at liberty he said to introduce that which he was about to say . He was desirous there should be no difficulty whatever in going upon this bill , and that no one should be called upon to proceed to the discussion of this bill in a Committee , without knowing what the contents of the bill were ; for that reason he should move that the House should resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon this bill to-morrow . If the bill was withdrawn altogether there would of course be an end of it ; otherwise he should negative the of the Speaker leaving the chair , with a view to move afterwards that this bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House to-morrow . said , the right hon . gent , had claimed his right to be heard , on the ground that he v. as going to make a motion , the only ground on which he had any right to speak a second time in the debate ; thus his claim was allowed in point of order , and yet after all in point of fact he did not make any motion , but only gave notice of a intended which he intended to make ; and 820 this was attended with additional irregularity ; that he now negatived the question for the Speaker leaving the chair , after having once spoke for the Speaker leaving the chair . But he believed it would be of great use to some of his Majesty 's ministers , and particularly to the right hon . gent. , if they could change the rules of she