this—Did any gentleman really think that these armed peasantry ought to be reasoned to , instead of the volunteers ? Did the right hon . gent , himself mean to say , that if he could persuade the House of Commons and the other House of Parliament , and his Majesty to consent , that we should now abandon the volunteer corps , that he himself would propose the peasantry instead of that system , or had he any other system in his mind instead of it ? If we had no volunteer corps there must be a compulsory levy , and that would be very difficult in comparison to this system . If a ballot were to take place , it should be remembered , that great numbers of the volunteer corps would find deputies , and that would impede the army as much as the present system can do . Now , if the right hon . gent , had no plan instead of this system of the volunteer corps , he would , upon reflection , perhaps , doubt the wisdom of the opposition he gave it . denied that he had meant an armed democracy , to the extent alleged , 303 He only spoke of the mixture which might take place during the time when the volunteers were not under martial law . If he disapproved of the present plan , if it was not necessary , as some had insisted , to propose another as a substitute or amelioration . He did not conceive it always requisite for those who opposed plans , to have others ready for adoption : but were that principle at this time strictly urged against him , those who aid so might , by references to the suggestions of his former speeches in that House , discover a substitute for the present plan . He thus spoke his sentiments , as he did not conceive , the present measure as yet fixed and immutable . at war , said that in answer to a fact , which had been stated by a learned gentleman , that the operation of the army of reserve had injured recruiting for the regular service during the months it operated , he had to state , that upon a comparative view of the months from July to November , the recruiting for the regular army had been greater than in she year 1802 , notwithstanding all the advantages of that year by the recruiting service having the monopoly of it then , and also that the two militia and Scotch fencibles had been discharged , and in the present year the army of reserve had so operated . said that some misapprehension existed about the exemptions with respect to the volunteers who had not been accepted before the 23d of July . They were told originally they could not have the exemptions , and they gave their services without expecting them . But now , as the exemptions were given to others in their situation , it was fair they should have the option . said , that all volunteer corps , whose services had been accepted , at whatsoever time , and who conformed to provisions prescribed , were entitled to the exemptions , except those who expressly declared them in their offers . In answer to an observation from Mr. Rose , as to the number of days of exercise , Mr. Sec Yorke said , he proposed to fill the blank with 24 days . said , he had already expressed his surprise at this Bill having been read a second time , without notice , the day after it came up to that House . He thought , that on the whole , it was best at the present moment to continue the Bank Restriction ; but this was not a step to be taken with indifference , or to be forwarded as a ma Her of course through its various stages ; it was , on the contrary , a great evil ; necessary , perhaps , in such a crisis as the present , but well worthy of