greatest moment . Upon the whole , I can not help giving it as my opinion , that this question ought not to be a question of confidence , it is the duty of Parliament to have information of the state of his Majesty 's health from the best authority , instead of having it from those who style themselves his Majesty 's confidential servants , and who give the information in different words from the host authority . The proper course has not been adopted . If proper information had been given , there is no doubt that every person in the House would have proceeded with the highest degree of temper and moderation ; and would nor the people be better satisfied , when the Parliament was informed of what it was entitled and bound to know , and when it was attentive to the duty which it was to exercise upon that information ? —The Question was now put on the motion for adjournment , and negatived without a division . The question was then put on the 532 original motion for the second reading of the Volunteer Consolidation Bill . said , that his Majesty 's ministers having determined to give the House the liberty of resuming the debate , which they themselves had thought proper so long to suspend , it became his duty to offer such remarks as occurred to him on the proposed second reading . When the bill had been introduced by the Secretary of State , a good deal was said of the hopes which M ere entertained of temper and impartiality in the discussion , and as a motive of inducement to that temper and impartiality , the importance of the measure was dwelt upon , and an appeal was made to the feelings of the House , as to the duty of being impartial on a measure , which the right hon . Secretary represented as so essential to the country . That appeal had obtained due attention from all those to whom it was directed . It was impossible , indeed , to look to the situation of the country , without being penetrated with the necessity of discussing , with temper , every great measure proposed for its defence . If it were not for that situation , it would not now be necessary for him to take up the time of the House . The danger of invasion was such , as it was not necessary for him to dwell upon . If the country was on the day of invasion , to calculate every thing that had been done for its preservation , he was at a loss to conceive , how the present ministers could be justified . Had every step that had been taken been applied in the best manner to secure the country r However happy the man would be who could persuade himself of the affirmative , he could not envy his feelings , if they be founded on the passing of the bill now before the House . In adverting to the papers he had moved for , relative to what was called the volunteer system , he should briefly notice the points which seemed to him most worthy of attention . Much difference of opinion prevailed on the employment of the volunteers . He was one of those who were not against the volunteers in one sense , nor for them in another . He was therefore sorry for these two general distinctions . He was for the volunteers , because he thought the true and genuine British spirit called forth by pressing danger , a necessary ingredient in the force and defence of the country . He would say more , that such an array of that spirit may be made , as with the aid of a proportionate regular army , would make this country impregna- 533 ble to any force that could be sent to attack it . In that sense , he was for the volunteers . If , on the other hand , he was told that it was impossible to look forward to