the present war between the amount of the naval force in 1793 and 1803 , and no farther . At the commencement of the present war , we had raised 40,000 seamen . As to marines , there were difficulties in raising them , that grew out of the means adopted for the defence of the kingdom . He admitted that species of force had gone on with languor , and that no landsmen had been raised . The number of sailors were therefore unusually great , and of landsmen unusually small but notwithstanding these , difficulties , he contended the exertions of the present were equal to those of former boards of admiralty ; and if they were equal to those of the board of admiralty , in the last war , he should ask no other praise for them.—With respect to the right of resignation by volunteers , he denied that he had ever said that it did not attach to them . Had he been asked the question , he should have said , that the fact was , the question had never occurred to him ; if it had , he should have said the right of resignation was the very essence of the volunteer system . The hon . 565 gent . ( Mr. Fox ) had adverted to the silence of ministers upon the subject at the beginning of the session but by doing so , he did not seem to be aware , that a bill relating to volunteers had been introduced , and underwent very much discussion . He was astonished , therefore , that those who expressed so much anxiety now , had not availed themselves of the opportunity of such bill , to have had the point settled . The object of the bill to which he alluded , was to relieve those who were deprived of the exemptions , which they merited , on account of some informality , or circumstance , which attached no blame to them ; such as their not being exercised with arms , not being in possession of any , & c. These gentlemen , therefore , who did not upon that occasion press for an explanation of the point in question , were accomplices with the government , of whose omission they complained . He said , that the state of the country was such as it ought to be , and wished the charge of insufficiency or neglect should be made specifically , as he should be happy to join issue , and meet it fairly . Ministers , he admitted , were incapable , if they had not made every disposition for defence , to which their means were adequate , and which were honourable to the public feeling and spirit . He ackowledged this , bat he hoped , at the same time , that they had not the demerit of having failed in carrying into effect all those means which had been placed in their hands . None but those who had a propensity to view with disfavour the conduct of government , would be of a contrary opinion . Our regular force spread over the world , considerably exceeded that of any former period , and our effective force was not more than 17,000 men less than at the highest amount during the late war . The objections made to the bill were few , and ministers were ready to listen to any suggestions to improve it , and obviate that few . The hon . gent , did him an injustice to suppose that his suggestions would not be attended to . This was an `` era when all should lend their hand in support of the country . He assured the hon . gent , therefore , that he should pay every attention to his advice . He should give , however , no immediate opinion upon any suggestions that had been made . He hoped the bill would be committed on Wednesday , and in the mean lime he should consider them with the utmost attention . He hoped there would be no objection to