no longer enjoy ; for if , instead of passing my life in the army , I had pursued any other easy and lucrative profession , I might still have been a colonel ; I might have been a merchant and a colonel , a banker and a colonel , a physician and a colonel , in short , any thing but a divine ; and I expect that , in a hot time , even the profession of a churchman will not p event his assuming a military title.—But to return from this digression ( which I hope the House will excuse ) , I repeat that these exemptions , exclusive of their baneful influence on other branches of our military establishment , are to be considered as a most serious evil , in as much as they prevent the increase of the irregular unembodied force.—To this , I suppose , it will be answered , what , are you so much alarmed at the enemy 's preparations as to think that 400,000 volunteers in addition to the army and militia are not sufficient for our security ? Why , Sir , I trust I am not more alarmed than every reasonable man ought to be ; but I do confess , that in my opinion , 40O,000 men dispersed as they are in almost equal proportions over the whole surface of the kingdom , are not enough . When I however I say this , I beg I may not be understood to mean , that even with such a force as we now have , there is any probability of our being conquered ; —but I do maintain that we are not , as we might have been , in such a state of preparation as to ensure our being able to get the better of an invading enemy without the risk of previously sustaining some great disaster.—A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) has told us , that not above one-fourth of the first class of the people are in the volunteer corps now , I , Sir , should wish ( as I have frequently said on former occasions ) that the whole of the , first class should be armed , and , in many districts , the second and third class also ; that is to say , that the great mass of the able bodied active men of the country should be prepared , not to drive away their cattle or destroy their provisions , but to fight and harrass the enemy . In short , Sir , I wish that , instead of a comparatively small body 585 of privileged volunteers , we had what has , I believe , been more than once recommended by two men of the most distinguished talents ( Messrs. Windham and Fox ) , I mean an armed peasantry . A noble lord ( Castlereagh ) has told us , on a former occasion , that we have even in our own times a striking example of the efficacy of such a force as our volunteers , when opposed to a veteran army , and I understood him to say , that we had no such examples to produce in favour of an armed peasantry . But I confess that , in my opinion , the events of modern history appear to prove exactly the reverse.—The instance quoted by the noble lord , was that of the battle of Jernappe ; —but the truth is , that the French troops who gained that battle were perfectly unlike our volunteers . The greater part of them had been formed on the foundation of the old army of France ; for it is a mistake to suppose , that that army was dissolved by the revolution . The majority of the general officers , and many of other ranks , certainly emigrated , but not the bulk of the army . Of the artillery and engineer corps ( containing the best informed officers in France ) very few individuals came away : all the oilier regiments ( with only one or two exceptions )