difference in the estimate for the two countries , which was unavoidably to be calculated in proportion to the time the volunteers should be called out on actual service . He supposed that the whole of the Irish volunteers would be out four months in the year.—But though the allowance under this head would be larger than the estimate for English corps , he thought , it right to state , that , except in case of invasion , when they should necessarily be employed on actual service , the Irish volunteers received no pay when merely out for exercising , nor when on duty , unless the men should be actually and efficiently present at muster on their parade . He had stated the present volunteer force of Ireland to be 70,000 . The estimate , however , had been made , on a supposition that the number could , and would be considerably increased ; and he had stated enough , he thought , to shew that the calculation was not excessive . He had now stated all additions proposed to be made to the estimates of last year . He had yet to observe , that there was no estimate respecting a part of the military establishment , which it had been usual to include in the Army Estimates he meant the foreign corps employed in the service of this country , some of which had already been provided for ; and others were now raising in different pans of Europe . The Horse , he trusted , would excuse him for not stating precisely the amount of the expence of this branch of the service , from the uncertainty of the extent to which it might be carried , and good policy would dictate the carrying it as far as circumstances would allow . Though he could not now lay before the committee the account , he should certainly do so after the recess , and particularly as his Majesty would have to resort to Parliament for the exercise of his prerogative . There was another branch of die military establishment which was usually submitted amongst the other estimates ; he bad it not in his power to lay before the committee in the present instance , and which he was the more induced to advert to 162 from the question which had been put to him on the subject , on a former night by an hon . Admiral , he alluded to the Barrack department . This department had been unavoidably , from the nature of the situation of the country , carried to a much greater extent than on any former occasion . The expence , however , was not so much incurred for regular barracks , as in providing winter cantonments for the forces on the coast . It was impossible yet to procure such returns as would enable him to lay an accurate estimate before the House , and he was convinced , that the expence would not be deemed improperly incurred , when the House would be aware , that the whole effective force of the country was at present covered by barracks . He should use all possible diligence in making out the account , and though he was not competent at present to bring it forward , he was prepared to give any gentleman who might be desirous of information on the subject , every satisfaction in his power , either with respect to the department itself , or to the contracts which had been entered into respecting it , or any other point to which enquiry might be directed . He should be sorry that forms should preclude any gentleman from seeking information , and he would be happy to communicate any in his power . He had now stated the grounds upon which he should move a vote of the Estimates , which was a subject intimately connected with the most important interests of the empire . He trusted the House would be sensible of the advantage of improving , by every possible means , the disposition which prevailed in the country . Not only the