so injurious an alarm , as the notion that our danger was so great , that the House of Lords was fearful of looking it full in the face . He on the contrary , would seek safety in a different mode of conduct . He would examine oar situation in all its dependencies , and not shrink from the inquiry with timid apprehensions that the country was unequal to its trial . This direct and open mode of proceeding was the only one be could inspire solid confidence . Let ministers recollect what might soon be our state . Supposing as invasion actually had taken place , the soldiers that were to repel it must be paid in cash . Was it therefore needless or too early to enter on an inquiry that would ascertain what dependence we could have on that fund which was to constitute the source of our security ? If half the taxes were paid in cash , that would be sufficient for all necessary purposes . If less than half , and the rest in bank notes , then it would behave the legislature to advert to the security of the Bank , and should any considerable proportion be paid in private paper ( and his lordship was convinced that more than half was ) then would it seriously concern the government of the country , to adopt some measure that might extend to private paper a kind of common security . If the taxes were in a great proportion paid in private bills , let the House consider what must become of the public income , in case the enemy effect a landing . Wherever they touch , ail the properly in that district must fall . It was , therefore , with the utmost astonishment , that he heard one of his Majesty 's ministers deprecate the inquiry which led to the consideration of a remedy to an evil of such important magnitude . alleged that the noble lord had mistaken his meaning from beginning to end . He had not spoken of any inference from the accounts , but only said , that they would not establish the facts required , and were therefore useless . For the point , he had only meant that the documents being useful on another inquiry , the expediency of that inquiry should first be determined , before they were granted , as the production of them might create much trouble and alarm . Though the accounts might have been useful on the first passing of the bill , yet as , whatever was the original policy of that measure , it was not intimated that any doubt existed on the propriety of continuing 645 it , he could not think them then needful , in the investigation of that subject . As to the proposed inquiry of the noble lord , he hoped he should convince the House , when the motion crime forward , that his lordship 's facts were mistaken , and his apprehensions needless . Certain he was , that the proposed inquiry would lend 10 no good at this lime . supported the motion , and strenuously followed the line of observation taken by Lord Grenville . defended his noble colleague and friend , and seemed to conceive the argument would end , upon his observing , that it was impossible to produce , the accounts before the 2d reading of the bill on Monday , and that the termination of the act would admit of no further delay . said , the noble lord would hive spared himself that observation had he looked at the title of the bill . In fact it had six weeks to continue . professed some doubt , whether the accounts would , if produced , ascertain the facts required . The great mischief of private paper arose , in his opinion , from the pernicious practice of fictitious credit , and accommodation bills . The practice in this case was for a set of gentlemen ; o distribute themselves in different parts of the country : they then connected themselves with a corresponding