justice in this affair bethought proper to qualify . This bar was the absence of Lord Hardwicke . Against such doctrinal I must beg leave wholly to prowls to Parliament doughty to exert its ; control per the executive power , both in its near audits deist operations . If this were not to be the 788 case , what an argument against the union altogether & For this Parliament is unfit to legislate for a country , the executive administration of which it can not control . It has been said too , that the hon . hart who made the motion must know better what happens at Wolver Hampton than in Dublin . Against this sort of language I must also enter my solemn protest . Though , doubtless , more connected with his immediate constituents , and more devoted to their particular service , every member of Parliament is member for the whole empire , for Dublin as wed as for Herefordshire or Yorkshire . Such doctrine as we have heard to-night would not have been endured formerly , and if it is suffered to prevail , there must be an gently of even the pretence , of benefit which Ireland was to derive from a liberal , protecting , dispassionate legislature . I sin decidedly of opinion , that there is sufficient prima facie evidence of neglect in the Irish govt . to justify the inquiry ; that the contradictors assertions of ministers respecting the state of Ireland , render our necessary ; and , I hope , that the House , in such circumstances , notwithstanding their partiality to ministers , will face that the question involves the creak of the whole government . said , the only question before the House was , whether they would lay the foundation of an address t ; his Majesty , to dismiss from his councils the person alluded to , as being incapable to render his Majesty any service ? He would consider the question as it put the House into a judicial capacity . He fully recognized that great duty and privilege of the House , to inquire into the conduct of the executive government . But it was unbecoming the character of the House to institute an inquiry without a sufficient ground . Ii was not enough , in the present case , to shew after the event that something better might have been dope on the 23d of July , by the govt . in Ireland ; but a strong presumption of culpable neglect must he shewn , and of sufficient magnitude to call for so solemn ? proceeding , as an inquiry by Parliament . He could of forbear to express ills super at the time of bringing this motion before the House , If the arguments of the friends of use rejection are conclusive , how do they justify their neglect in delaying this great and necessary inquiry ? The House , if those arguments be good , is more culpable than the government of Ireland . Of the hon . gent . opposite to him , ( Mr. Fox ) , it may be , truly should , that no man has a more acute understanding . Yet he , with all the motives arising from his regard 789 for his near relation , with all his attachment to the privileges of the House , and his attention to his own duty , could not find , in all the time that has elapsed , matter , to charge the govt . of Ireland with criminal neglect ; for , if he had , the hon . gent , would have been induced by those motives , to bring the question himself before the House . Having made thee preliminary observations , he should inquire whether there was any proof of criminal negligence in the govt . of Ireland on the 23d of July ; and this eluded the consideration of tits kind of intelligence they had of the design of the rebels , and the question , whether , on such information as they h id , they made preparations