part of ministers of the intended rising on the evening of the 23d , a certain proportion from each company of the regiments forming the garrison , had a few days before been allowed to go to the country to assist in different species of work . Nothing could , in his opinion , more strongly discover a want of foresight ; yet ministers look fire at the idea of the conduct of their colleagues in Ireland being censured for a flagrant deficiency of vigilance or talent.—So far was he from agreeing with those who thought that this was not the time for discussing the affairs of Ireland , that he could not help lamenting the fact , that not a single expression had dropped from ministers , expressive of their intention to adopt any measure for the conciliation of the unfortunate inhabitants of that country . The expression , in his Majesty 's speech , alluding to the contrast between their situation and the situation of nations under the dominion of France , afforded him , and he was sure it would afford the inhabitants of Ireland , no . great degree of satisfaction . He had hoped for acts of leniency , instead of the renewal of measures of rigour , which could only keep alive feelings of animosity , instead of inducing the Irish people to return to that cordial allegiance , which could alone render them the bulwarks of the empire . The hon . gent , sat down with saying , that he should give his vote against the bill , unless further information of its necessity were produced . said , that he could not let a measure of such great importance pass without staling his opinion of it . If his Majesty 's ministers have grounds sufficient to support so strong an act against a great portion of onr fellow-subjects in Ireland , and so alarming to every other part of the empire , they ought to state those grounds to Parliament . In fact , we are called upon to proceed , without evidence , in a manner which nothing but the clearest evidence can justify ; that is , to put the kingdom of Ire- 105 land under martial law . I do not mean , said the hon . gent. , to bring any charge against the government of Ireland . Until I know the contrary to be true , I must presume , that they have furnished his Majesty 's ministers with facts and proofs adequate to the measure now recommended . What I complain of is , that ministers have not communicated those facts and that evidence , nor even the smallest part of it to the House of Commons . Necessity , I know , supersedes all argument . Let the case be ever so doubtful or questionable , or even criminal , it may find a justification in extreme necessity : but then , I say , prove it . You have no right to avail yourself of the plea until you have established the fact . All the evidence I have seen or heard of goes in the opposite direction . The only parliamentary document on his subject that has b en laid before the house , is that passage in his Majesty 's speech which describes , in terms of the highest satisfaction , a general change in the disposition of his deluded subjects in Ireland , and his gracious confidence in the corrected judgment of those who had been misled . Out of doors , and even within these few days , I have heard no other language among persons most disposed to favour the present government . But , when I come into tins house , I find the case totally reversed . The measure now proposed indicates that Ireland is in such a state , and the occasion so pressing , that nothing less than extreme courses can save it.—If the case be as violent as the remedy supposes , undoubtedly his Majesty 's ministers have a right to the remedy . If not , they call upon us to trust