of increasing the Irish militia to the establishment of last war , by the addition of 30 men per company , would be a measure of slow progress , but he had the best authority for thinking it was one that would be effected with the utmost expedition ; that it was the most economical as well as the most rapid mode of increasing the public force in Ireland , and the speediest for effecting the discipline of such an additional force . No time was to be lost ; much certainly would be lost by the delay proposed . The most general opportunity should be given to the Irish militia regiments , on this occasion , to manifest their Real and display their loyalty . He understood vast numbers were ready to come forward with their services , and only-awaited the sanction of parliament , a sanction which ought , not to be withheld for a moment , and therefore he gave his vote for the original address . again explained , by observing that the reason was not now so powerful for accepting the services of the Irish militia as it was formerly for sending the English militia to Ireland . expressed his exultation that the loyalty and affection of the great body of the people of Ireland stood vindicated in the estimation of his Majesty 's ministers . Such was what he inferred from the declarations of one of them , and in which sentiment he trusted they all agreed ; the loyal and patriotic offers of the militia , who he believed to a man would cheerfully volunteer their services , was a striking proof , to a very great extent , of the truth with which he wished to impress the House . The charge of disaffection against the great bulk of the Irish people , was most groundlessly made . He trusted they would all in the hour of danger , whatever may be the differences in their religious tenets , stand forth and defend the crown and constitution of the united realm against all attacks whatever . There were certainly some few among the very lowest orders of the people , who , bound by no ties , or influenced by no just principle , were prone to wish for changes in the govt . in the hopes of being able to gratify their own unruly passions and propensities , and so far may be held as disaffected and such there were in Ireland in common with other countries ; but with 1096 respect to the great body of the people , ha repeated , his Majesty had not more true , firm , or loyal subjects in all the empire than those of Ireland . begged leave to offer a few observations upon the subject before the House . If he understood the nature of the case rightly , there was no necessity whatever for the hasty decision passed by his Majesty 's ministers . He was informed by an officer of great respectability , that the Irish govt . had offers of service from some of the militia regiments so long since as 4 months : if this was the fact , the consideration of the subject surely would admit a suspension of half a dozen days , to allow parliament time to deliberate on the principle of so great importance as that involved in the address . He defended his right hon . friend , so he hoped he might call him , from the charge of inconsistency in the opinions delivered by him . The state of Ireland at the time alluded to should be considered . A rebellion raged in the heart of the country , and we could spare no other force to resist or to suppress it then , but our militia : he had some opportunities of knowing the state of the popular mind in Ireland , and he was not quite so sanguine as to the extinction of disaffection therein as some gent , seemed to be ; and much still remained to be done , before that spirit was obliterated . There were