lay before the house a list of such obsolete articles as had been left out of the schedule . He was glad to hear that the merchants of Ireland were so well satisfied with this schedule , because he inferred from thence , that the duty upon the export of linen , which had been so much complained of in Ireland , was abandoned . expressed the satisfaction it would have given him , had any alteration of this kind been practicable , but that no such alteration was contained in the schedule . He was sorry he had not made himself more intelligible to the rt hon . gent . No person could be more anxious than he was to be favourable , to Ireland , particularly when its first and most important article of export was in question ; but he thought it would be unfair and inconsistent with the principles of the union , if the articles of the one country did not leave the ports of the other precisely under the same circumstances as they would do the ports where such articles were manufactured . It was fair that articles of cotton manufacture should go from the ports of Ireland with the same duty as from this country . Indeed none of the manufactures of this country were free from the export duty . Would it then be reasonable that Irish linen going out with British linen should be free from the export duty while the British linen was subject to it ? In this case the British manufacturer must labour under an almost insuperable disadvantage , a disadvantage of not less than 4 per cent . But the great object was to raise the taxes within the year , and not to be 693 running in debt to this country , as the practice had hitherto been ; and in order to avoid this evil , which was certainly the greater of the two evils , some inconveniency must be submitted to , which ought to be less felt when it is farther considered that this duty only operated as a war tax , and that consequently it would terminate with the war.—But . it was still less to be complained of when it was considered that every article used in the different stages of that manufacture comes in free of duty , and that a bounty likewise is given on its exportation.—The rt . hon . gent , here begged leave to put a case : suppose linen of Irish manufacture and linen of English or Scotch manufacture were to leave the same port , and were destined for the same market , would not the British manufacturer have a right to complain were he to pay a duty from which the Irish manufacturer was not only exempted , but enjoyed the additional advantage also of a premium , and of the free import of his raw materials ? He would appeal to any Irishman , however indifferent he might be to the interests of his country , if he would not think himself entitled loudly to complain did the converse of such a proposition really exist ? Mow , therefore , could we require from others what we should be unwilling to concede ourselves ? He would be sorry in any degree to disappoint that rt . hon . gent , or to meet his disapprobation in this measure , whose care he knew had been uniformly directed to the support and prosperity of that manufacture . Rather than incur disapprobation , indeed , he flattered himself that he also would be considered as its warm supporter , and as a coadjutor to those who were its best friends . He would be happy , indeed , to exonerate that manufacture from the duty in question , but found that it could not be done consistently with the other interests of the country , and without the greatest injustice to the British manufacturer . As an honest man , therefore , he was decidedly of opinion , that no such exemption could be made . was not disposed to enter into any argument