with its demands . If the act was vicious , it might be repealed or altered ; but as long as it was an act , it ought to be observed . His learned friend ( the Attorney General ) had said , that this would be a `` monstrous injustice to the parties . It would be , indeed , a very great hardship , but it would be better that this hardship should be inflicted , than that an act of Parliament should be infringed upon . His learned friend had said , that the Committee had the power of judging whether any thing was wrong in the petition ; but he contended this was not the case , as it would by this means be assuming the authority of the House , and might perhaps at least presume to reverse what the House should hive adopted . Pie wondered that precedents were so much relied on , when the act itself was clear and explicit . It had been said , that the form of the petition was not of importance , but who did not know that a `` dash of the pen '' was of the last consequence in many things . The petitioners might say that they were aggrieved , but they did not state upon their petition the very qualification that proved that they were aggrieved . observed , that he was of opinion that the motion ought to be negatived , upon these grounds . The object of the act was to prevent the House from being harassed with improper petitions , and stated that none such should be proceeded upon . But the House had received many petitions since , not strictly conformable to this act , and in this very business they had proceeded upon already ; and therefore the objection to it came too late . Pie admitted , that had it been urged when the petition was first presented , it could not have been so easily answered . Since this was a motion certainly not very honourable for justice to the individuals , it was only a case of necessity that could compel its adoption . But the objection now was too late , and therefore he gave it his decided negative . thought this a case of much importance , and that it ought to be seriously considered . He thought the question as it stood now , was very different from what it would have been if the objection had been made when that petition was presented ; for if the House had rejected it then , it would have been competent , and very easy for the party to have presented another petition free from objection , but now that was become impossible , and the injustice of the case would be enormous if the petition was rejected now , for there would be no remedy left . If the reasoning of the hon . gent , who moved this question , was adopted by the 413 House , it would be telling the people of England that the House by overlooking an act of Parliament which told the House its duty , had deceived a number of petitioners , but there was now no help for it , for on a sudden they had seen their error , and all petitioners who had been governed by their decisions upon this point , could not have their cases stated . He thought the House was not driven by imperious necessity to any-such desperation . It might have been desirable , that the petition had been more specifically worded ; but he did not think , that the act of Parliament prevented the Mouse from sending this petition before a Committee , for which reason he should vote against the motion . said a few words upon the subject of precedent , and observed , there was not one exactly like the present case . said , that it had been stated that the words of the act were not of a peremptory or mandatory nature ; that it was now too late to state