; whereas , in England it was perfectly well known , that the bank commanded the whole paper circulation of the metropolis , and regulated that of the kingdom . The bank of Ireland was instituted after a great deal or opposition , and the private banks succeeded in obtaining permission to remain in the same state that they were before the national bank was established , and consequently had the power of issuing their paper for the circulation both of the metropolis arid the country . In England , there was no bank in the metropolis that interfered with the paper of the national bank ; though the paper issued by the private banks in Dublin was , he had no doubt , upon very good security , yet , as they were not now bound to pay their own paper in specie , it naturally most be their interest to have as much of their paper in circulation as they could . The great object , therefore , which he wished to obtain , would be , if possible , to limit the circulation of private banks : another remedy which he thought might be applied , would be to make Irish bank paper exchangeable for that of the bank of England . At all events , this was a subject that called for the most serious attention of Parliament ; and he had no doubt but that upon investigation , some effectual remedy might be Found out . With respect to the bill now before the House , he did not mean to oppose it , but he thought its duration should be limiited to a short time , in order that the subject might necessarily be again brought under the consideration of Parliament . He would not take up more of the time of the House at present , except merely to repeat the opinion he had before advanced , that the bad state of exchange in Ireland , arose from the too great circulation of paper . would make but a few observations , in reply to what had fallen from the hon . member who had just sat down . It seemed to be the opinion , on all sides of the House , that the measure before it should be passed into a law , as the restriction of the issues of specie in England rendered a similar restriction unavoidable in Ireland . He did not , however , consider the subjects which had been introduced into the discussion , as at all connected with the limitation of the operation of the measure . They formed a question which might be taken up as a subject of separate inquiry , if the investiga- 483 tion should be deemed expedient . As to what had fallen from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) , be could not go so far as to say he differed altogether from him , though he certainly entertained doubts of the justice of his positions . The question was of extreme delicacy , and of the most abstruse nature ; and it was of considerable consequence to ascertain clearly , whether the evils allowed to exist , were capable of a parliamentary remedy . The House should not lightly over-slate the impression it had of the nature and extent of those evils . Considerable disadvantages would follow from carrying such an impression beyond the truth , or what the fact would bear out . The right hon . gent , had stated , that the rate of exchange was considerably greater between Dublin and London , than between the north of Ireland and London , and that the depreciation of the paper currency had been the cause . He doubted himself that fact , though he concurred with his right hon friend , that the great issue of paper , tending to depreciate its value , was not to be charged altogether upon the bank of Ireland , as the private banks were equally liable to the observation . There were sill good reasons to conclude , that the evil complained of arose not more