of relaxing it in this case . Upon which of those was the House to rest their confidence ? or how was the House to accept a proposition , as adequate to its purposes , upon which his Majesty 's ministers , sitting in council by each other , could not agree ? in explanation , denied that he had offered the arguments imputed to him by the right hon . gent . or that any thing he had said in the course of debate was at variance with the arguments of his right hon . friend the Secretary of State , or his learned friend the Attorney General . What he had said was , that if there was any particular corps constituted with the particular privilege of electing its own officers , by special compact with the Crown , so long as that corps was allowed to continue in ex- 460 istence , the Crown was bound to keep faith with it scrupulously , upon the terms and conditions of their original constitution ; but he by no means denied the privilege of the crown to dismiss that corps whenever it should be deemed expedient to discontinue its services . declared he should not have been actuated by any particular motive to press himself upon the attention of the House , were it not for the observations of the hon . and learned gentleman under the gallery , who professed himself so very zealous an advocate for referring the bill proposed by his right hon . friend below him , to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House . He would ask that hon . and learned gentleman , what were the very strong and imperious reasons which rendered the measure he recommended so very necessary ? Was it not in the recollection of every man who heard him , that when the bills passed the House , the consolidation and amendment of which was the object of the proposed act , no objection whatever had been started to them in their rise progress and conclusion , because they had not originated in a Committee of the whole House ? The former bills respecting the formation and regulation of volunteer corps , were unquestionably of the highest importance , and yet in no single instance did it occur , that they had been opposed on the ground , of their not having been previously submitted to and framed by a Committee of the whole House . He trusted , therefore , that the argument advanced by the hon . and learned gentleman would be found inapplicable to the question under discussion . Several gentlemen had with great earnestness expressed their astonishment and surprize , not at what had f Hen from his right hon . friend who opened the business that evening , but at what had not fallen from him ; not at what had been done , but at what had not been done in the arrangements which were submitted to the consideration of the House . Now he must , in his turn , express his surprize and astonishment that although these gentlemen were so very eager to discover and point out things ; which appeared to their minds deficiencies of considerable importance , they never urged improvements which might tend to the amelioration of the volunteer system They were , indeed , extremely ready to detect errors and faults , but they suggested no alteration , and advised no plan of their own framing . The only fair conclusion that could be drawn from their speeches was , that they thought themselves the only fit persons to save the county in the present emergency . They asserted , in bold and confident lan- 461 guage , that the building of the state was tottering to its ruin , but they furnished no buttresses ; nor assistance to keep it from , falling . When he witnessed inconsistencies of that nature , he could not avoid making some remarks upon them ; and he trusted that under every point of view , the bill win h was the object of his right hon