feelings ; it may , for a while , turn away from its situation , and shut its ears to the call of duty ; but can we go on in this way , when the knowledge of our situation is forced upon us , when we can no longer disguise to ourselves the facts , or deny the duty which those facts necessarily give rise to ? I certainly hope that the physicians may turn out to be mistaken in their opinion ; it is very possible that it may be so ; but still that opinion is the only authority the House can act upon . I do not know , nor could the physicians themselves say with precision , what period they had in view , when they said a rapid recovery was not to be expected ; but they certainly meant to acquaint the public that they were not to flatter themselves with the hope that his Majesty 's restoration to 525 health could be immediate . Can Parliament , with this knowledge before them , go on proceeding upon business as if nothing had happened ? Can we , with propriety , go on at all ? At all events , it appears to me that all business ought to be suspended , but that which is immediately necessary . With regard to the bill now before the House , no man can say that it is immediately necessary , though I agree with my right hon . friend , that the discussions connected with it are of the utmost importance . With the opinions entertain upon this subject , I certainly do not wish to have the discussion unnecessarily postponed , but it is singular , that ministers should now be so anxious to press forward the discussion , after they have postponed all public business for a fortnight . It is rather singular to observe the time at which they now call upon the House to proceed upon business ; it is exactly the day after the physicians have ! declared , that they did not entertain hopes of a rapid amendment in his Majesty 's health . I again beg to repeat the question , at what period do ministers think that the House ought to interfere , or is it meant that Parliament should go on blind-folded , until those who have been chosen his Majesty 's confidential ministers think fit to make a communication ? I can not reconcile this to any principle of the constitution , to the practice of Parliament , to any regard for the interests and safety of the Monarchy , or to any well-founded consideration of the interests and feelings of the Sovereign himself.—In what fell from the Chancellor of the Exchequer a little word `` indecency '' slipt in , upon which I can not avoid making a few observations . That right hon . gentleman has spoken of the indecency of these discussions . I beg leave to say , that I have as just a sense and as deep a feeling of what is due to his Majesty 's personal character and feelings as the honourable gentleman or any of his Majesty 's ministers . In constitutional attachment to the Sovereign all loyal men must be presumed to be equal . It is saying little , therefore , to say that , in that respect , I shall not allow myself to be outdone by the honourable gentleman ; but I shall as little allow myself to be outdone by the honourable gentleman , or any one else in that further sense of personal respect and attachment which may be felt by those who may have enjoyed , more or less , the honour of being admitted to his presence , who may have ? witnessed more nearly his private virtues and his domestic happiness , and have received in various degrees marks of his royal condescension and favour . On no one of these grounds will I yield to any of his Majesty 's 526 confidential servants , nor allow that such feelings are in the smallest degree , called in