his idea of the meaning of the act . If a petition were presented , not by the real freeholders of Middlesex , but by a tumultuous crowd assembled at the door of that House , assuming the name of freeholders ; even if an outrage of this audacious nature were practised , his would affirm , that , in the first instance , the petition must be received and sent to a Committee . The paper , such as it . was , purported to be the petition of Middlesex freeholders , and the House had no authority to take cognizance of the fraud in the first instance . It was with the Committee to ascertain and to punish such an attempt to impose on the legislature , liven admitting that the present petition were signed by Sarah or Jodah , instead of William and Thomas , Mill it must go to the Committee , and with them rested the ultimate decision . The petition contained allegation ? , and till his Committee had determined on its merits , the House had no right to presume that they were false . With the fact the louse could have DO interference . The law requited that every petition should contain certain allegations , and the question was , whether those who signed the petition had complied with its requisitions . Had they claimed their right to vote 392 at the last election ? If they had , then the argument was at an end . If they had not , then the question was equally resolved , unless the House were disposed to decide in the face of a positive law . The petitioners might be very respectable individuals , as he had no doubt they were , and it might appear , on examination , that their right to vote was undoubted ; all this might be safely admitted , and still the question would stand precisely where it did before the matter was agitated.—The only point was to consider how far the petition was drawn in such terms as could bring the consideration of its merits under the provisions of the Grenville Act . There might be a great appearance of equity in the case , but still the law must be permitted to have its force . If cases of equity were to supersede statutes , the beneficial effects of which were universally admitted , legislative provisions were a mere nullity . The honourable gentleman here noticed the petition which he had himself presented on the subject of the conduct of the high bailiff of Westminster , in the famous contested election of 1784 . He believed , that there never was a case laid down in any petition of more obvious and striking equity than that petition contained . The majority of the House were convinced of this , even while they resisted the admission of the petition . They rested their opposition solely on the ground of the allegations which it contained , not being such as the Grenville Act had specified to be necessary , previous to the introduction of any petition . So sensible were the House of the necessity of rigidly adhering to the previsions of the act , that a petition confessed to be equitable in itself was rejected , and a short time afterwards a new act was introduced , to remedy an admitted inconvenience . As the law now stood , the matter was reduced to the simplest principles . Whatever was the matter of the petition , the House were to leave it wholly to the Committee . They were not to deliberate or decide . They were to admit or reject a petition , not because the admission or rejection was wise , or the contrary , not because it was or was not founded in equity , but because the provisions of the act Were peremptorily mandatory , and were not under any circumstances to be disobeyed . The legislature was now strictly bound to the observance of a particular mode of proceeding , and it was quite absurd to think of getting rid of it