system of the country , this was not the moment for such a discussion . If gentlemen thought this a matter fit for inquiry , they might move for a Committee on the subject , and the discussion might regularly take place . At present the question was merely whether certain amendments , the propriety of which was not denied , should be introduced on the report or in a new Committee for that specific purpose . For some time past he had , consistently with a principle which time years ago he had stated in that House , felt it his duty to absent himself from his attendance in Parliament , and he had consequently not been present at the different discussions which had taken place in the previous stages of the bill . This , however , he knew , that the bill had already been in 3 Committees , and the question came to be , if it should go 10 a 4th Committee to receive new amendments and improvements ? If the bill as a whole , had not been before the Committee , this would be the strongest argument which he had heard for the recommitment . If a right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) would rise and state 946 that he had new clauses to propose in the Committee , or if any other hon . gent , would make a similar declaration , he should certainly vote for the recommitment . Independent of such a declaration he really had heard no ground laid against proceeding to the consideration of the report . He was the more inclined to this opinion from seeing the candid desire of his Majesty 's ministers to make every fair concession . in explanation stated , that he had been misunderstood by the hon . member . He seemed to conceive that he was for the recommitment of the bill , whereas he was against it . Whatever the principle of the hon . gentleman 's absence was , if he had been in his place he would have seen that the clauses which he wished to introduce , were not now wanting from any deficiency on his part in proposing them , but from his inability to persuade the House to adopt them . rose , he said , but to trespass on the attention of the House for a fey moments , although before he came down to his place this day he meant to enter much at length into the merits and tendency of the volunteer system , and particularly to reprobate two clauses which had found their way into the bill under consideration , and . which excited his astonish meet in common . with that of every man who valued good faith and justice towards the volunteers . Those clauses , however , having been abandoned by the framers of the bid , and the discussion having taken a turn extreme singular in this stage of the proceeding—a discussion which would more properly belong to a Committee , he felt that he could nut enter upon the consideration of the general measure without great disadvantages . He therefore waved , for the present , the full delivery of his opinions upon the subject , the more particularly as he could not but observe that the attention of the House was nearly exhausted . He , however , could not forbear to say , that he conceived if quite impossible to investigate the merits of the volunteer system , which comprehended above three fourths of the public force , without also taking a view of the other means of our defence , to ascertain how far those means were correspondent to each other and calculated to act efficaciously together . This was a question , in his judgment , of infinite importance , and demanding the most attentive inquiry , inasmuch as it was the commencement of a system , the effects of which would grow on us every day ; for the more we advanced in such a situation , the more difficult it would be to change ; and