have the modesty to say , `` you have not made out any Parliamentary ground . '' What are our preparations , and what is our force ? In this information , so essential to our happiness , we can not be gratified , because it is not 925 convenient or safe for his Majesty 's ministers . Information was wanted to provide against the greatest and most serious evil which this country ever experienced , an evil now awfully impending over ns , the consequences of which most be terribly fatal to either or both nations—Mr . Pitt reproached ; ministers severely for not availing themselves of the intermediate space between pence and war , when they saw , according to their own confession , the hostile disposition of the French government . Our national spirit had already done wonders in the system of preparation ; but ministers had done little or nothing . Ministers , instead of encouraging that spirit , had frequently checked its progress . Their measures had sometimes been so feebly concerted , as to present to the mind of a candid observer nothing but instantaneous destruction , ruin , and disgrace . To aid them in their duty to the public , to discharge his own duty to the nation , he wished for the information now mentioned , but which they resisted without assigning sufficient cause.—The right hon . gent , then drew an ironical picture of the supporters of administration . Glancing at Mr. Tierney , he ridiculed the powerful support which he gave them ; but stated , that perhaps it might be unfair yet to form a judgment of his zeal and activity in the cause ; for as he had evinced zeal and activity in opposing a former government , he might perhaps still evince zeal and activity in supporting the present government . A conclusion to that effect might certainly be drawn from the part which he had acted that night , although it must be admitted , that he had not yet attained that aptitude for the exercises of his abilities on the side of the Treasury . The new convert to the Treasury , continued Mr. Pitt , says , that Lord St. Vincent is not so much alarmed , so panic-struck , as I am . I should be glad to know if this be the language of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . If it be , what has the country to expect from his vigilance and energy ? The army , although not so powerful as I could have wished , yet has made the most noble display of patriotism . The new military system , that of the volunteers , owes not its origin to the present ministers . It was a favourite system of the last ministers , he present men in power have frequently adopted , but seldom protected , any measure whatever . With all his respect , nay , affection , for the new military system , our naval defence was that on which we should chiefly rest our hopes . Our navy was the grand and proud bulwark of our fame—that navy , which had extend- 926 ed our commerce , our dominion , and power , to the most remote parts of the world—that navy , which had explored new sources of wealth , which had discovered new objects of glory . Let us , therefore , augment rather than diminish the pride of the nation , and Jet us not be referred back to dry periods of history when all comparisons are absurd and unavailing . Let us watch with the greatest jealousy and circumspection the rise and progress of the new marine of France , so dangerous to the interest and glory of this country . Let us watch France more actively than in former times , because she has attained new and extraordinary energies . The present exertions are unprecedented in history . We ought to meet them with at least : equal , not inferior activity and energies.—After a variety of arguments , Mr. Pitt noticed the conduct of Mr. Sheridan ,