borough of Great-Grimsby , in the county of Lincoln , had failed to enter into their recognances within the period prescribed by the act of parliament , and that , consequently , their petition could not be attended to.—The house then proceeded to vote the usual standing orders of the house for grand committees on religion , courts of justice , trade , & c. & c.—Mr . Vansittart moved an instruction to the committee upon expiring laws , that they do inquire what specific laws of a public and general nature have been made by Great Britain or Ireland , or by the parliament of the united kingdom , and which of them , have expired from September , 1802 , to the 22d of November 1803 , & c and which of them are fit to be 32 continued , & c. Ordered.—Mr . Jarvis gave notice that he should on Friday next move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the desertion and escape of petty officers , seamen , and others , from his Majesty 's service , by means or under colour of any civil or criminal process . He should have given this notice for to-morrow , had he not understood that the house was to have the honour of waiting on his Majesty with the address to morrow , on which occasion it was not usual to do any other business . reported at the bar , from the committee of the Waterford election , that two of the members of that committee , Mr. Ward and Mr. F. W. Grant were absent , and that the other members , after waiting one hoar , ajourned . informed the house , that since the nomination of the committee Mr. Ward had ceased to be a member of that house , and therefore there could be no further proceeding by the house with respect to him . With respect to Mr. Grant , there was a provision in an act of Parliament for ordering his attendance in the house , to offer his excuse for his absence , or to undergo the censure of the house : a motion might therefore be made for his attendance in the house on a given day , which , of course would not be a distant one—Mr . Dundas therefore moved , `` that Francis William Grant , Esq . do attend in his place on Friday next . `` —After a few observations from the chair , upon the regularity of the motion , and the usual practice of the house on similar occasious , the motion was put and carried . adverted to the petition of John Ogle , Esq . complaing of an undue election and return for the borough of Boston , in the county of Lincoln , against Mr. Fydell , the present sitting member . He desired that the entry on the journals respecting this petition , might be read ; which was accordingly done . He then desired that an entry on the journals in the year 1744 , relative to the case of a petitioner who had been allowed seven days time to give in his qualification , on account of his being beyond seas at the time he was served with notice to do so , which he said was precisely the case of the present sitting member , Mr. Fydell ; which entry being read , he moved , `` that Mr. Fydell be allowed seven days from this present day , in order to prepare and lay before the house , a particular account of his qualification to be admitted as a member . '' entered into a foil explanation of the case . He reminded the house of the jealousy with which they were always actuated in matters of this nature . Yet he was well aware that laudable as that jealousy was , it would never stand in the way of justice and equity when they could be fairly attended without prejudice to either party . It was determined , by an order of the house , that when the qualification of