such treaties , and their motives and reasons for the same at large . '' Until it shall appear in evidence that this delay of information directly from Lord Wellesley is no ; owing to any neglect or omission on his part , I am bound to presume that there is a fault somewhere . Supposing the measures in question should appear , upon inquiry , to deserve censure , that cause , of censure will be greatly aggravated by the neglect of sending home ; timely information on the whole subject.—I am not able to foresee what sort of objection ran be stated to the motions for papers , I with which I mean to conclude . I rather hope for the acquiescence of the noble lord on the other side . At all events , I hope and expect , that persona character , or the persona confidence due to any man , will not be alleged in bar to this inquiry . At prefect there is no charge , and there ought to be no defence . If have laid sufficient ground for inquiry , we are bound of inquire of crimination should follow , it must be answered , not by character , but by proof , When an inquiry was moved for is this House , in the year 1791 , into the causes of ; the first war with Tippoo Sultaun , no man 's reputation stood higher in the estimation of the public than that of Lord Cornwallis . But I do not remember that any opposition I to the inquiry was set up on the score of his personal character , though none was more generally respected . On the contrary , his Majesty 's ministers met the inquiry fairly , and thought they could not defend his conduct better than by giving us all the information they possessed . I hope and I expect that the noble lord , now at the head of the Indian department , will follow that example . He professes to invite and encourage a free discussion of all Indian questions If not , and if the motion , with which I am now about to conclude , should be resisted , I think the House will be reduced to one of these two conclusions ; either that there is something in the personal merits of Lord Wellesley , which entitles him to greater confidence than was thought due to Lord Cornwallis ; or that there has been something in his conduct , to which no other defence can be applied but a favourable opinion of his character . I move you , Sir , `` That there be laid before this House copies 870 or extracts of all dispatches received from the governor general of Bengal , or from the presidencies of fort St. George and Bombay , as far as such dispatches relate to or account for hostilities , now or lately subsisting between the said governments and any of the Mahratta princes or states with the dates of the receipts of such dispatches . `` — '' Copies or extracts of all the correspondence between the said governments and any of the Mahratta princes or states , relative to the said hostilities . `` — '' Copies or extracts of all orders or instructions sent to India by the Court of Directors of the East India Company , on the same subject . `` —On the question being put from the chair , rose . He expressed his approbation of the candid manner in which the hon . gent , had introduced his motion , and joined issue completely with him in regard to the general principle , that the cause of the war is a very proper subject of parliamentary inquiry . Independent of the acts , he was ready , his lordship said , to admit of the propriety of an inquiry , both as a matter of policy and justice.—But the question was at present , whether such , an inquiry could be safely made in the present circumstances . And here he differed , his lordship said , very