What then was to be the effect of such a resignation ? If the lord lieutenant of Ireland was so ignorent of the ways of mankind , and of the modes of thinking , as to imagine that , at such a moment , to signify a wish for the resignation of the commander in chief was not to give an impression unfavourable to the latter , could he believe that the world would fail to conclude that the commander in chief was dismissed because his conduct was disapproved : —But to shew that the system of attacking my hon . relation is still pursued as the only means of defending the Irish government , I will produce two articles which have been published in the Dublin journal . But first let me ask , will ministers , and gent , connected with Ireland , deny that the Dublin newspapers , particularly the newspaper , are under the influence of government . Will they deny that the conductors of that journal would venture to insert paragraphs disagreeable to the castle ? If may not be the case , perhaps , that the Irish newspaper are so much under the control of government as the . Paris journals are under that of the French government ; but will it be pretended that she Irish government does not influence the Dublin paper ? and particularly that called `` Faulkner 's journal ? '' No one will deny this , and the conclusion drawn from what I am about to read , I think is equally undeniable , —Here Mr. Fox read a paragraph from the Dublin journal , of the 14th Feb. , respecting admiral Berkeley having given up his motion in consequence of what . Mr. Yorke said respecting general Fox . It stated in most abusive terms , that blame existed somewhere , and that if ministers were not obliged to resist such motion , from the inconvenience with which in won be attended , she result would fully justify , and prove unfavourable to general Fox . He then read a paragraph in the Dublin journal of the 18th Feb. , again reflecting on gen. Fox , and contrasting his conduct with what Lord Cathcart 's would have been , and stating the different consequences ; at the same time stating , that though the death of Lord Kilwarden , & c. would not have taken place , the country would have lost the benefit which had arisen from the disclosure of rebellion , and from 782 the example of the pure and admirable dispensations of criminal justice.—Indeed , two more scurrilous and abusive paragraphs , continued Mr. Fox , can not be conceived . When I see such paragraphs published in the journal of the castle , what am I to conclude ? Had the first of these paragraphs I been disagreeable to the castle , is it to be credited that the slightest notice of disapprobation would not have prevented the repetition ? It is impossible in fairness then to deny , that the Irish government does endeavour to defend itself by attempting to blacken the character of the commander in chief . From this , however , two material inferences are to be drawn . The first is a personal one , and it is clear that the recal of general Fox was intended to imply a charge of misconduct on that officer , and in this view the attack on my right hon . relation is pursued up to this moment . The next is of a public nature , and it is , that the Irish government are aware that their defence is utterly untenable , unless they are permitted to throw the blame , which exists somewhere , on Gen. Fox . They can not deny that things are not right , but they would fain have it thought that they are not wrong.—But an hon . gent . ( Mr. Dawson ) , thinks that he has a triumphant argument against the motion , because no Irish member came forward to make it . Having had that hon . Gent . with