. If the question was of instructing a person thoroughly in the knowledge of any language , you would begin , of course , by the usual methods , and as the first step , ground him well in his accidence . But if the call was pressing , and the time limited , and the occasion such as required no profound or critical knowledge , but so much acquaintance only with the current language as might suffice for the purposes of a journey or a short tour , you would be intent upon teaching first the most necessary words and phrases , and proceed to other things as time and opportunity might allow . In the present instance he was satisfied , that not merely on account of the urgency of the occasion , but from tile nature of the subject , another and more simple kind of training , was that which ought to have been adopted . But at all events , and under whatever mode of training , the form and constitution of the corps 291 should have been such , as not to interfere with the supply of other more regular and mere important services . If it was too late to provide entirely against the continuance of the evil at that time incurred , care should at least be taken that it was not increased in future . Whatever was due to the volunteers in point of good faith must be strictly fulfilled . To what extent that went he was not prepared to say . But nothing certainly could require , that exemptions should be extended to those who might enter from that time forwards , and no such exemptions , therefore , ought on any account to be granted . —I have listened , Sir , to the right hen . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) with much attention ; to most of his sentiments respecting the volunteers with perfect satisfaction , and certainly if ever there was a subject which more than another claims the attentive consideration of Parliament , it is that which now forms the matter in discussion , and which involves the means of providing for the defence of the empire . At the same time , I can not help observing , that to a mind less enlightened than that of the right hon . gent , on the lower bench ( Mr. Windham ) , it ought to have occurred , that this was a subject which ought to be discussed with moderation and temper ; that the House was called upon to deliberate upon measures for the security of the country ; and that it was net quite becoming in any member , under such circumstances , to enter into vain and splenetic criticisms on the past . Whatever may have been the imperfections of the volunteers , it can not be maintained , by any sober thinking mind , that this is a moment at which they ought to be disbanded . Does the right hon . gent , mean to recommend that these valuable troops should be dismissed , and that our defence should be left entirely to the care of the regular army ? Is it possible that he can seriously urge any thing so exceptionable , so absurd ? and yet , if such are net his views , why persevere in depreciating the volunteers , in endeavouring to make them think little of themselves , and to make the enemy despise them . Whatever the object of the right hon . gent , may be , certain it is , that the tendency of his language is to encourage the attempt of invasion , and to depress the spirit of those who are ready to oppose it . Really it is difficult to understand the views of the right hon . gent . Does he reflect upon the probable consequences of his conduct ? or does he mean to utter opinions in that House , in order to encourage others to publish out of 292 it the same opinions , and write in support of them