present session of Parliament , pursuant to the provisions of the 28th of his present Majesty : and that he had certified to his Majesty 's court of exchequer , that the recognisances in these cases had been forfeited.—General Bartlett brought up an enclosure bill , which was ordered to be read a first time.—Mr . Manning brought up the report of the committee to whom the petition of the London Dock Company had been referred , and obtained leave to bring in a bill to allow the said company to raise by loan , or otherwise , a sum of 500,000l . in addition to their original capital of 1,200,000l.—Sir P. Stephens , in a Committee of Supply , moved , that it be the opinion of the committee , that 100,000 seamen , including marines , be voted for the year 1804.—That a sum not exceeding 2,405,000l . be granted to his Majesty , for wages for these 100,000 men , for thirteen lunar months , at the rate of 1l . 17s . per min per month ; that a sum not exceeding 2,470,000l . be granted for victuals for them for thirteen lunar months , at the rate of 1l . 18s . per man per month ; that a sum not exceeding 3,900,000l . be granted for Wear and tear of ships for that complement of men for thirteen lunar months at the rate of 3l . per man per month ; that a sum not exceeding 325,000l . be granted for ordnance for the sea service , for that complement of men for thirteen lunar months , at the rate of 5s . per man per quarter.—The resolutions were all agreed to ; and the house being resumed , the report was ordered to be received to morrow.—Mr . Secretary Yorke gave notice , that he should on Friday next , move , for leave to bring in 50 two bills , to continue , for a time to be limited , two bills of last session , for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act ; and for the suppression of rebellion in Ireland.—Mr . Vansittart moved , that there be laid before the house the following estimates : An estimate of the expense of the hire of transports from January 7 , to December 31 , 1804 ; An estimate of the expenses of prisoners of war , in health , for the same period ; An estimate of the money that will probably be wanted for sick prisoners of war , for thirteen lunar months , from January 7 , 1804.—The motions were all agreed to , and an address ordered to be presented by such members as were of his Majesty 's Privy Council , that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the said estimates to be laid before the house . pursuant to his notice on a former day , rose to submit his motion to the house , on the subject of the East-India Company 's bonds . The house would be aware of the importance of the measure he had to propose inasmuch as the value of the East-India Company 's capital was materially influenced by the circumstances under which their securities were circulated in the market . The object of the bill he meant to bring forward , would be to place India bonds , as nearly as possible , on the same footing as Exchequer bills ; and the operation of it , of course , would extend to two points , in which they differed from such government securities . The first point related to the manner in which the duty charged under the property tax act was levied on income , arising from such property , which rendered it less desirable to the holder , and of course , tended to depreciate its value . As the tax was levied under the provisions of that act , the directors were authorised to deduct the shilling in the pound from the interest payable on India bonds ; so that , whatever may be the income of the holder , the full amount