regulations , to which each man might subscribe , Imposing fines on defaulters , rendering the . In attention at parades liable to arrest and detention , until tried be force a magistrate , who should have the power of commuting any line for a short imprisonment of two or three days . I agree with the right hon . mover , that no change should be made in the volunteer regulations that is not called for by absolute necessity , and of such a nature do I conceive the proposition I have submitted ; so , I believe , almost every man who tins witnessed their parades must confess ; and when the cause and object of this change should be explained to the volunteers themselves , I am satisfied none of then would be found to murmur , much less fore sign , particularly when such communication should be accompagnied by the intimation contained in this bill , that they might resign it they did not think proper to remain on such conditions.—As the right of volunteers to recommend their officers , about which so much has been said , it strikes me that there is no material difference upon that point , if gentlemen would endeavour truly to understand it . While a controul was acknowledged to exist in the commanding officer of each corps , in the lords lieutenants of counties , and finally in ministers , the clang was frivolous to insist on ; and yet it would be 550 dangerous to concede it , even m appearance . I have at the same time a wish and a hope , that a commanding officer will , upon occasion of any vacancy , consult with temper the sentiments of the corps , but net in any thing I like the forms of a popular election , to take their individual suffrages.—Here the right : hon . gent , entered into a comprehensive review of the progress of the regular army and militia since the commencement of the war , ; and contended that neither the recruiting of the one , nor the balloting of the other , was so much impeded by the increase of the volunteers as some gentlemen seemed anxious ; to impress on the minds of the Mouse , while I bethought , on the contrary , that the volunteer system would , by proper modifications , I tend to the regular maintenance and progressive augmentation of our public force . The complained of slowness in the ballot for the army of reserve and militia might be easily accounted for , from the circumstance of the great number to be balloted for in the first : year of the war ; and this , independently of the volunteer system , was sufficient to produce a considerable difficulty in recruiting for the army . To provide a resource to recruit the regular army , he would propose ; that a system , somewhat modelled on the principle of the army of reserve , should be kept up , and that from that body any that should volunteer for general service should be supplied by fresh ballot . One reason for this plan was , that the army should not altogether depend on the contingency of an ordinary recruiting ; and another , that the . militia should be held sacred , and that no volunteers for general service should be sought for from that body in future . The proportion between this army of reserve and the militia to be fixed , and that the militia should be gradually reduced from its present establishment , to its old standard , and that according as vacancies may occur in that body , a ballot should take place for an equal ; number , not to fill up such vacancies , but to go I to the army of reserve . Thus as the one body was reduced the other would be augmented , that the change hiving a gradual operation , would not be likely to produce confusion in any : branch of our public force . He was aware , however , that