, insisted on the power and influence of the Mahrattas : In our former wars in India , our resources had been derived from there-venues of Bengal , which always remained untouched : but here the case was extremely different . The revenues of Bengal would be immediately affected ; and in 872 case of defeat , or in case , which was not ; at all improbable , of the enemy laying waste the country , the consequences might be fatal . The present case resembled , in some degree , perhaps that of the Carnatic . The dispatches to which the noble lord alludes to , and for which he desires us to wait , may in all probability contain nothing . Such was the case exactly in the dispatches from Lord Clive , in regard to the Carnatic , was ready to admit the importance of the communications in regard to the causes of the war ; but the end also of the correspondence was certainly equally important , and absolutely necessary either to justify or condemn the conduct of the governor-general in his commencement of hostilities . thought that reasons might ; have been assigned by the governor-general for the issue of his orders to the troops to march , which had happened two months previous to the period alluded to by the noble lord . He was willing , however , to rely on the engagement which the noble lord had taken on himself to apprize him of the first arrival of the necessary dispatches , and begged leave therefore , at present , to withdraw his motion.—The other orders of the day being disposed of , the House adjourned till to-morrow . said , that he should move the second reading of the Croydon and Portsmouth canal bill , for the purpose of afterwards moving that the said order be discharged ( on account of the important business expected to come on ) , and that the said bill be read a second time on Thursday the 12th of April next . Having moved accordingly . moved , as an amendment , `` that the bill be read a second time this day six months . '' expressed his surprise , that , in a business of this sort , of so much importance to the commercial world , the hon . gent . should not be willing that the bill be referred to the consideration of a committee . This he thought necessary , in order that gentlemen might have time to consider a business of so much importance to the public . objected to the progress of he bill , on the ground that the total estimate of expense amounted to 800,000l . whilst not more than 120,0001. of this money was actually subscribed . strenuously objected against the bill 's going into a committee . He allowed that canals were in many instances beneficial to the public ; but , in the present instance , the House would look carefully how it gave its sanction to a bill which appeared to him to be contrary to every principle of propriety . The subscription money , little more than one-fourth part : of the total estimated expense , had induced a resolution of the proprietors that the canal should not carried farther than to croydon or 874 thereabouts , until more money should be subscribed , which was an acknowledgment of sufficient weight , in his mind , to prevent the bill being carried any farther through the House , as it was a sad principle , and not to be encouraged ; giving encouragement to canals when there was no rational prospect of their being brought to a completion . It would be to afford a pretext for projectors and adventurers to introduce much mischief through the country under such circumstances . In addition to this objection he had to state , that the line of country through which the canal was proposed to pass would prove infinitely injurious to the landed proprietors , who , he believed , gave little or no support to this bill . wished that the