under the defence act , to have formed a systematic and regular body ; by the present act , they were divided into disjointed and unequally disciplined corps . repeated what he had observed upon former occasions , with respect to the distinction which he conceived ought to he made between those volunteers who had come forward previous to the defence act , and those who had been subsequently in rolled . He contended , that the present bill was a bill of distrust , with respect to the volunteers , as it went to inflict penalties , arrest , and imprisonment upon those who had patriotically and zealously come forward in defence of their country . denied that the bill was a bill of distrust with respect to she volunteers . As to the arrest and imprisonment mentioned by the hon . baronet , the latter was not mentioned in the hill , and the former was only introduced to preserve that 939 discipline which was so necessary in volunteer corps , and was at the same time only to continue whilst the corps were under arms . As to the distinction taken by the hon . bait , between two classes of volunteers , nobody denied that there was a distinction between the volunteers who had offered their services at different periods ; but , to make that distinction in the exemptions , would be highly invidious . As to the objection urged respecting the drill Serjeants for volunteer corps , the fact was , that the expense was merely transferred from the respective parishes to government . With respect to whit had been stated by the hon . general , as to no orderly dragoon to be found at Bristol , because no one of the volunteer cavalry would become an orderly dragoon to carry a message , he should only observe , that the hon . gent , had no authority to require it , and that it was not exactly the use to be made of volunteer cavalry . considered the objections that were made against this bill , and against the volunteer system , to be so trifling , compared to the evils to be guarded against , that he thought it would be madness to throw such obstacles in its way as should defeat it altogether . In the volunteers he was convinced we had every advantage we could desire ; they constituted a power , that would , in his opinion , be sufficient to meet the armies of France any where . The kingdom never had a land force equal to that of France since the Treaty of Westphalia to the present time . But now all the strength , and all the military elements of the nation were collected , and consolidated in a manner that never before was known ; we never before had such a force . Britain was now an armed nation ; and the people trained to the use of arms might be put into any shape the government should think proper . But he must ask , what should be the effect of a levy en masse ? He had himself an opportunity of witnessing what a levy en masse , or an armed peasantry , were capable of doing . The rebel peasantry of Ireland came forward like a levy en masse , but they were always defeated by a comparatively small body of yeomanry . The difference between England and France at present was , that here we had an immense voluntary force , which cost the kingdom little , and which would be fully adequate to all the purpose , of defence . But in France they were obliged to keep up great standing armies at an immense expense . These armies were necessary to keep the people of France and the conquered countries in subjection . Whenever the French were to meet us , the 940 present land-war would , on our part , be carried on at a less expense than any war we were ever engaged in with them . If the country was to save itself against such