such an inquiry would come much better after the vessel got into port . But this was precisely the argument of ministers on the present occasion . His lordship declared , that he doubted much whether there existed means of effectually carrying on with success the war in Ceylon ; and surely it was at least prudent to inquire into these means before a resolution was taken to protract so arduous a contest . He had heard a rumour that the governor general of India had determined to attempt the conquest of Candy ; and that 10,000 men were to be sent from the Continent of India for that purpose . It behoved the House to know the grounds for the war and the probability of success , before the lives of so many brave men were idly sacrificed . He was therefore decidedly in favour of inquiry . said , that the papers already ordered would give sufficient information to ground upon them any ulterior decision as to the point whether the 865 war in Ceylon was undertaken on justifiable grounds.—The object , the causes , and circumstances of the war would be explained by these papers , and if the House should then think that the war was unjust , it would be competent for them to advise his Majesty to prevent its thither prosecution . With respect to the statement of the noble lord ( Petty ) of 10,000 men being about to be sent to Ceylon from Madras , no information of that nature had been received by his Majesty 's ministers.—The question was then loudly called for , and the House divided . moved , that the 35th clause of the 24th of the King , should be read , viz.— '' whereas to pursue schemes of conquest and extension of dominion are measures repugnant to the wish , the honour , and policy of this nation ; be it enacted & c. , '' and then addressed himself to the Speaker to the following effect.—Sir , in moving to have this clause now read , I have two objects , 1st . to remind the House of their own unanimous resolution , on which the subsequent act of Parliament was founded ; and then to shew that , in the motion which I propose to submit to the House , I am governed by that resolution , and aim at nothing but to inforce the execution of that law . In this purpose , and on this ground , I hope for the support and concurrence of the House ; because I do not believe it , will be asserted by any man , that 866 it is very right to pass laws for the better government of a distant , dominion , and very wrong to inquire whether such laws are obeyed or not In my opinion it would be a wiser policy and a safer practice not to make any laws , than to suffer them to be slighted with impunity . Habits of disobedience are very catching ; and they are the more dangerous in proportion to the distance of the offending parties , and to the facility which that distance gives them , to conceal or disguise their transactions . I state these principles generally , as a rational ground of parliamentary suspicion and inquiry , whenever the government of India appear to be engaged in measures which the law prohibits ; and not at all meaning to affirm , that such measures , when they are thoroughly examined , may not admit of a sufficient justification . The business and duty of this day does not call upon me to accuse any man , or to affirm that anything deserving the censure of Parliament has been done . My object is to inquire , and then , according to the result of the inquiry , to desist or to proceed . All I contend for , in the first instance , is , that a British governor who commences a war in India , is prima facie doing that which the law prohibits ; that his own act of