decision an appeal was made to the House of Lords . This appeal was appointed to be heard in that House on the 17th of March next , and the hon . member , therefore , expressed a hope that no objection would be offered to the postponement he proposed , particularly as it was essential to the justice of the case . asked if there was any objection on the part of the sitting member ? said , that he was authorised by the sitting member who was absent on military business , to give his assent to the proposition . The motion was accordingly agreed to . said , that as it was his intention , in the course of the present session , to submit to the House a motion respecting the slave trade , it would be necessary that some information should previously be laid before the House ; he therefore moved , That an humble address be presented to his Majesty , praying that he would be pleased to give directions for there being laid before the House , Copies of such correspondence as may have passed between the Secretary of state and the governors of the colonies in the West-Indies , in pursuance of his Majesty 's directions , issued in consequence of the address of that House to his Majesty , on the 6th of March , 1797 he motion was agreed to.—Mr . Wilberforce then moved for An account of the number of ships , with their tonnage , that had arrived from the coast of Africa , in the West-Indies , between the years 1783 and 1803 , with the number of negroes imported , and also the number re-exported . Agreed to . said , lie had given notice of a motion for this day respecting the cotton manufacturers ; it was a subject of great importance , and one to which the attention of the House had been for some time directed . Ill a concern of so extensive and 473 complicated a nature , it was impossible but that differences must frequently arise , which required as speedy a mode of settling as possible , and that must be by the establishment of a local jurisdiction . That idea was adopted in that House , and a bill passed upon the subject . It was however afterwards found not to answer its purposes , and it soon ceased to be acted upon . In consequence of this , the cotton weavers made an application to Parliament about two years ago , and prosecuted their application the whole of that session , but from the quantity of public business then depending , no proceeding took place upon it . In the last session the subject was renewed , and a bill was brought in , but it was found impossible to bring it to a satisfactory arrangement . This led to an apprehension on the part of the weavers , that their hopes would be defeated , and he had therefore undertaken to bring the business forward in the course of the present session . This was a subject of great importance , both from the extent of the trade which was concerned , and the number of person interested in it , and therefore it was obvious that these disputes ought to be settled as soon as possible . It was now brought forward as a public measure , which he thought was more likely to ensure its success than if it was brought forward by either of the parties . It was under these circumstances that he was induced to bring forward this measure . He would not now express any opinion upon the mode that ought to be adopted . All he wished was , that the subject should be fairly and fully considered . If the present bill was found incapable of improvement , it would be necessary to repeal it . At present be should content himself with moving for the appointment of a Committee to consider of the most effectual mode of arranging the differences between the cotton manufacturers and the persons employed