but the former had , on the contrary , something to do with the maintenance and preservation of the body , and , in fact , would be found to operate very forcibly against it . The powers given to the commanders of corps , the regulations for enforcing obedience , the additional days of attendance , all these would in themselves , and still more by the sort of confused apprehension which they would excite , operate , probably , in driving considerable numbers from the volunteer ser- 978 vice , and in counteracting the effect intended to be produced by the grant of exemptions . And so far hon . gent , might say , that he ( Mr. W. ) must approve of their operation , inasmuch as it would defeat in part the effect of a clause which he was not inclined to approve . But in fact , when the matter came to be considered , it would be found that they would not be attended with even this advantage . Though they might thin the volunteers , they would not reduce the grievance complained of , which was , the injury done by the volunteer system to other services . The objection to the grant of exemptions was , not that it gave men to the volunteers , but that it withdrew them from services which were more important ; and this evil would not be diminished , unless , contrary to what was likely to be the fact , the men whom these new regulations might cause to resign , were persons who had no exemptions but those which their volunteer service gave them . The reverse was rather to be expected , viz . that those persons would first give way , who had no need , for protection , of service in the volunteers , but had protections of another sort , either from age or number of children , or from their being already serving by substitute is some other species or force . These persons might go , while the others remained ; so that with less numbers in the volunteers , the number withdrawn from other services might continue just the same ; and thus , all the evils consequent upon the present bill will be incurred , while the volunteer force , that force to which every thing was sacrificed , would really be less in numbers , and probably weaker altogether , than if none of these mischievous provisions had been introduced.—Here , therefore , if the facts were as he supposed , would be a good answer to one of the questions which he had adverted to , namely , whether even present security was well provided for by the measures now proposed ? It was not very intelligible , how an immediate danger was to be provided against by a gradual improvement ; how they were to guard against the dangers of the next three weeks , or next three months , by such a change as could be effected in the volunteers by the operation of the bill during that time . But when to this was to be added , the reduction of numbers which-the bill might occasion , —a reduction not unlikely to operate faster in diminishing 979 the volunteer force , ( meaning here by that expression , not the numbers , but the real effective result of the system , ) than the improved discipline : would in increasing it ; and ( far more than all this ) when they were to take into consideration the effects of this system , not future and distant , but instant and immediate . Upon all the other and better species of force , it did not seem too much to say , that from the present moment , as well as at all future ones , the country would be weaker in its general defence , in consequence of this bill , and of others which had preceded it , than if no such bills had ever been passed.—The greater part of the evils here complained of , which would