measures of similar precaution and similar vigour . As his Majesty 's ministers had not been forward to call for powers which they were conscious that they exercised under a most perilous responsibility , so their use of it certainly evinced nothing of a wish to employ those powers for any other purpose than the preservation of the public tranquillity in Ireland . He was happy that he could state , without fear of contradiction , that no one instance had occurred in which the powers granted by these bills had been exercised with wantonness , indiscretion or cruelty . With respect to the Martial Law Bill , he had to state to their lordships , that the powers which it granted were resorted to only in one solitary instance . In every other case the ordinary common law tribunals of the country had been resorted to . The result of this was not unknown to their lordships , and it was not unfair , from this past experience , to infer , that the same individuals who had exercised their powers with such mode- 242 ration , would not be likely to abuse them in future . It was the unfortunate state of Ireland which compelled ministers to resort to measures , which every friend to the constitution would adopt only when he viewed them as essential to the preservation of the state from the greatest miseries which could afflict a kingdom . He referred their lordships to the conduct pursued by ministers on the appearance of a most diabolical conspiracy in this country . On that occasion , several individuals had been convicted , on the clearest evidence , of a most atrocious conspiracy to compass the death of the sovereign , and had suffered the sentence of the law . What , he desired their lordships to recollect , had been the conduct of ministers ? Satisfied with having brought atrocious criminals to condign punishment , they had resorted to no extraordinary measures . They had not come to . parliament and called on them to suspend any of the ordinary privileges of the constitution ; they had appealed only to the common law courts of the country , and the cause of loyalty had been signally supported , while treason had suffered the punishment which it in every case merited . The Habeas Corpus Act continued in full force . The idea of introducing martial law was not thought of , even for a moment . The reason of this their lordships must clearly comprehend . It was the result of a conviction on the part of ministers , that the loyalty of the great mass of the population was sound to the core . They found that a few frantic individuals had meditated a most desperate attempt on the life of our beloved sovereign ; but they knew that the people at large were attached to their king , and devoted to the constitution of their country . They punished criminals , but they did not invade the privileges or suspend , even for a moment , the liberties of a people who had given so many instances of their unalterable loyalty . Very different , however , their lordships would agree with him , was the situation of Ireland . He needed not to expatiate on the circumstances of that country in the year 1798 . At that period their lordships were aware that a rebellion , the most extensive , the most desperate , and the most malignant which it was ever the fate of a government to combat , had broke forth with the greatest possible fury . It was not necessary for him to recall to the recollection of their lordships , that the object of that rebellion was nothing short of the dissolution of British connexion , nothing less than the establishment of an independent government by means of the assistance of France . Fortunately , the valour of his Majesty 's forces , aided by the co-ope- 243 ration of the loyal part of the population , had succeeded in putting down this rebellion , and in restoring tranquillity