liberty to interfere to detain them . This was a proof that the volunteer system , instead of impeding , assisted the recruiting service : so far as to the men , now how was the fact as to the officers ? This touched him more nearly , as it affected his own family . His eldest son , who had been one of his officers , had gone into the East Norfolk militia ; his second son , whom he was educating with the greatest care , to assist him in his commercial pursuits , had conceived so strong a partiality for a military life , and for the King 's service , that he held himself under the necessity of yielding to it . He was one of his ensigns , and had never conceived any notion of a military life , till the corps had been ordered to Yarmouth ; and new he had written to him in a most pressing manner to obtain him a commission in the Kind 's service , and he would be much obliged to the hon . Secretary if he would procure him one . said , it was true a private may be turned out of his corps for impertinence to his officers ; if he was to be turned out by his officer , the case was clear ; but if it were to be done by the Committee , it should be recollected , that the majority of that committee would be privates . thought it would be a very difficult matter indeed to define the precise quantum of assistance to be given to the wives and families of such volunteers as were sent on actual service , as that must depend on a variety of circumstances ; it must be first ascertained who stood in need of any assistance at all ; then , whether those families , who sought assistance , were wholly dependent on the professional exertions or manual labour of those persons sent on actual ser- 332 vice ; then the quantum of assistance to be afforded such families , which must vary ad infinitum , according to the number and helpless state of such families , & c. & c—Such has been the difficulty of ascertaining this point that even in the constitutional militia , where such provisions were always made , it depended on the time of absence and interruption from business , as it frequently happened , after devoting part of the day to drill , they apply the remainder of the day to business , which would consequently diminish , in proportion , the assistance his family was to receive from government , & c. these various points required the most mature deliberation , as they were extremely intricate , and should not be precipitated through the House.—The report was ordered to be received tomorrow . thought it right , before gentlemen separated for the recess , to put the House in possession of an accurate return of the ; Army of Reserve , the number raised , the number rejected , those that had deserted , those that died , those that were effective , and those deficient.—In making this statement there would be room to admire the exertions the counties had made , though of late those exertions had rather fallen off . The exertion was at first so great , that within six weeks no less a number than 26,740 men were raised . The total number raised on the 21st Nov. the latest day to which the returns were made up , was 26,607 in England and Wales . Of these 642 had been rejected , 70 were dead , 777 had deserted , 25,500 were effective , and a deficiency of 8,000 still remained to be made up by England and Wales . In Scotland the number raised was 5,500 . In Ireland it was upwards of 6,000 . Still a considerable deficiency remained ; yet putting it out of the question , whether this was the best mode of raising a defensive force , it must be allowed that it had supplied in a