ground of doubt why the measure should not be carried into effect . In the organization , breaking out , and progress of post insurrection , he found a complete justification for voting in the affirmative . With respect to the argument set up by a right hon . gentleman , that some grounds should be stated to the House , it was only necessary for him to remark , that the bill was supported by the same constitutional system which enabled his Majesty to proclaim martial law , and to call for the aid of all his subjects in case of the enemy 's landing . He did not coincide in the sentiments of the right hon . gentleman , who had argued , that a despotic government would be the best of all governments , if administered by angels . For his own part , he was convinced that the nature of despotism was so bad , and tended so much to corruption , that he preferred the British constitution , administered even as it was , to the despotic government of angels . He thought the House was called upon to bestow the most serious consideration upon the state of Ireland : for it was a melancholy reflection , that a country which had been connected fur several hundred years with this , enjoying the same benefits , and in possession of the same constitution ; , should be afflicted 124 with such evils and calamities . The causes of its distresses were certainly well worthy of the mature consideration of the British Parliament . He felt himself called upon to say , that the wisdom , benevolence , and justice of Parliament , could not be more urgently required . Fie hoped no temporary expedients would be resorted to , but that a wise , liberal , and enlarged system of policy would be adopted , which might make the people of that country permanently happy . after expressing his agreement with the concluding sentiments of the last speaker , vindicated his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) from the charge of inconsistency . With regard to the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , it was a measure of a very different nature from the present . That was a measure of precaution , this of punishment , and of punishment in a manner which was looked upon by the constitution with peculiar jealousy . It was barely tolerated , never praised . An assertion had been made that similar bills had been passed by the United Parliament without enquiry . This assertion w as not borne out by the fact . He had himself on a former occasion voted for the measure , because , from the proclamation , he was led to believe that a necessity existed But , what document was there before the House to prove the existence of any such necessity at this moment ? The evidence , such as it was , led to a contrary conclusion . It was now acknowledged that the murder of Lord Kilwarden was not the effect of a premeditated plan , but had taken place from his being the first person who was presented to the fury of the mob . But it was on the ground of the law being more directly struck at in the person of one of its chief administrators , that he had voted for the Martial Law Bill . On the other side , a hope had been expressed by his Majesty , that his deluded subjects were returning to a state of obedience . By one gentleman the notoriety of the necessity had been urged by another it had been stated , that an invisible necessity existed . ( Lord Castlereagh here said , that he had not called it an invisible necessity , he had said , that there was a necessity though not visible . ) The hon . member then proceeded , to say , that he would leave the noble lord to explain to the House the distinction , and , in compliment to him , would use the term