policy , as well as of necessity , to call on the services of that proportion of the people who were able to carry arms , and submit to the labours of military discipline . These services have been required by the acts passed in the last session of Parliament . The principle of the arts then passed was , that a great proportion of the population should be trained to the the use of arms , and that their discipline should be accomplished at the least possible expense to the state . I need not remind the House that the principle of the volunteer establishment is far from being novel in its nature . It was a principle first introduced during the Shelbourne administration , near the close of the American war . It was revived in 1794 , from the circumstances in which the country was then placed . From that period it has continued in full activity , and was then made the subject of legislative enactment . At that period it was acknowledged as a part of a new system arising out of the new circumstances of the country , and the idea of exemptions was considered to be essential to its existence . Under this original voluntary establishment , where there was very little legislative enactment , but where almost every thing was left to the corps themselves , except in cases where actual service might be required , the number of volunteers throughout the kingdom was not below one hundred and fifty thousand . It was not then judged expedient to control those bodies by many positive enactments , and , the consequence had been , that under these 429 circumstances the beneficial consequences of such institutions had been materially experienced . So much , indeed , was Parliament convinced of this , that thanks had been voted to the different volunteer bodies throughout the kingdom , for the services they had rendered their country . On the conclusion of the peace the House and the public were so well convinced of the excellence of the volunteer establishment , that it was judged politic to encourage its perpetuity by continuing , though on a more limited scale , the exemptions formerly granted to those who had stood forward in defence of the country , at a crisis of peculiar danger . For this purpose the act of the 42 d of his Majesty was passed , and in chap . 46 of that act , the object to which I have now adverted , was described . The object of this act of the legislature was to hold out to the yeomanry at large , and to the volunteer infantry in all the large towns throughout the kingdom , to continue their set vices even during peace , and by such an arrangement it was meant that the necessity of a very large standing army would be avoided . When the war broke out , an immediate necessity of extraordinary means of protection was experienced , and the voluntary spirit of the country manifested itself in a way equally honourable to the national character , and the individuals by whom this spirit was displayed . All ranks were sensible that the situation of the country , critical from the particular circumstances of Europe , was rendered still more critical from the intrigues and designs of an individual equally formidable , from his enterprising and ferocious views . A new act of parliament became necessary , to regulate the mode in which these offers of voluntary service were to be received and applied , in the way most applicable to the public service . It was necessary that his Majesty should revert to his ancient and undoubted prerogative to call out his subjects > i > r ( he protection of his throne , and the general defence of the empire . The act of the 43d of his Majesty was framed for this general end ; and in the 96th chap , are contained the terms under which voluntary was to be preferred to compulsory service , and explaining the exemptions which those offering