first instance , lamented the existence of the limitation , and I have seen nothing which has not tended materially to confirm my original impressions . That in the maritime counties the volunteer system is for immediate danger , appears to me perfectly clear , and I very much doubt whether the peasantry of the county of Kent would be at ail adequate to act as such an irregular force as the hon . gent , described . One or two circumstances will be sufficient to establish the truth of this position . The hon . gent , and those who hold similar opinions on this subject , have endeavoured to fortify their arguments by what happened in La Vendee and in America . We are told , Sir , that in both these cases it was by the exertions of an armed peasantry that victory was accomplished . It is true , Sir , that the peasantry of La Vendee , headed by some of the ablest and the most heroic leaders the world ever saw , maintained a most glorious struggle against the monsters who tyrannized over France . But , Sir , is it necessary for me to recall to the recollection of the House the circumstances of that afflicting warfare ? It was by encountering every form of misery and suffering , it was by submitting to every aggravation of cruelty , that those brave men were upheld in their resistance to injustice and oppression . They saw around them the ravages of fire and of sword . They beheld their abodes consumed , their dearest relatives massacred , their fondest hopes destroyed . Animated by an unconquerable and heroic spirit , they thought no sacrifices too great which were to be the purchase of that independence which was dearest to their hearts . Fur their glorious exertions they must be objects of emulation to nations in every age ; but , I will ask , whether our situation is at all similar to that in which these generous men were called upon to act ? We have not yet been reduced to the neces- 628 sity of making up our minds to such terrible sacrifices . If the enemy were to effect a landing in Kent , in Sussex , in Essex , or any of the maritime counties near the metropolis , I know that every man would perish sooner than that they should obtain any thing like permanent possession . But what , Sir , in the first instance , is to be supposed will be the object of the enemy ? Can we imagine that on their landing they will consume their time in carrying in their steps , plunder and devastation ? These horrors will doubtless be disseminated over the land , if ever the fatal period of successful invasion should arrive . But , in the first instance , we are to imagine , that inferior objects will be neglected , and that if the enemy were to land 6O or 70 miles from the capital , they would endeavour to pass along with the rapidity of a torrent , and never halt till they had taken their station under the walls of London . To think that even the fall of the metropolis would be the evidence of the subjugation of the country , is an idea not to be entertained even for a moment . It will not , however , be denied , that such an event would be one pregnant with terrible disasters , and that no means ought to be left untried , by which so serious an evil might be avoided . With this view it is necessary that we should have a force which may be able m6st speedily to act together , to afford the means of immediate annoyance to the enemy , and to dispute every inch of their progress to the capital.—It appears to me then , that the volunteer system is the one best calculated to afford this force , so far as the defence of the maritime counties is involved , and it does not strike me ,