that which I propose . Let us first take the article of dress . When objections have been made to the present cloathing of the volunteers , they have been treated with a certain degree of ridicule . For my part , I own , that the objection does not appear to me to be by any means trivial . I think it may , by degrees , have a very bad effect on the army to see a body of men so like regular I soldiers in their dress , and so unlike them in their conduct . That they are unlike soldiers in their behaviour , no body can deny who will take the trouble of going on to a volunteer parade . I do not blame them for this ; it is unnatural to expect it should be otherwise ; and if they were not dressed like : soldiers , there perhaps would not be much harm in allowing it to a certain degree , as ; in attempting to prevent it altogether . But a right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Yorke ) has told us , that it is a very good thing to have the volunteers dressed in red , because then the enemy , when he sees them at a distance , may take them for soldiers . Now , really , I think this is treating them with greater disrespect than any thing that has ever been said of them by those against whom such a clamour has been raised . The right hon . gent , seems to put them on a footing with the women in Wales , of whom it was said , ; that their appearance in their red cloaks , returning from market , contributed to the sarrender of the French . I think that upon ; actual service many inconveniences may arise from their being dressed like the army , If they give way ( and men of this description I may often have occasion to do so ) our own troops , at a distance from them , may think some regiments of the line are defeated , which may produce a bad effect on the rest ; whereas , if they are dressed as they ought to be , the soldiers would know at once that the retreating body was not a part of the army , and that the line remained entire.—In the same way the general may be betrayed into some false or unnecessary movement by not being able to distinguish the one from the other . I think , too , that with respect to the effect likely to be produced on the minds of the enemy , it would be much better that they should not be dressed in military uniform . If the French should 589 beat a body of volunteers , they would say they had defeated the troops of the Hue , which would increase their confidence . If , on the other hand , they should be beat by the volunteers , their officers would easily persuade them that they had been engaged with our regulars ; and they would consider it as one of the ordinary occurrences of war . But if , on the contrary , our armed peasantry , such as I propose , not dressed like soldiers , should once attack and defeat a body of the enemy , such an event would dishearten them in the greatest degree ; for they then would naturally say to each other , `` see with what courage these peasants fight us ; we are here engaged in a vain and endless contest against the whole body of a nation in arms . `` —So much as to the dress ; I now come to consider the effect of training the volunteers on the present system . In this respect , as well as in the cloathing , we go upon the plan of assimilating them to the troops of the line . This is aiming at what we can never effect . We start upon a principle fundamentally erroneous . I know that in