brought forward these motion1 ; , while , at the same time , he had stated , conscientiously , that the noble lord of the admiralty had done every thing . As for the coalitions which had been made , they seemed to have no other object than to fix disgrace upon his Majesty 's own ministers ; those very ministers who had , in spite of all allegations to the contrary , the utmost confidence of the people of England , and who have the votes of that House to support their just and proper administration . Where , he would ask , were we to look more properly than to that House for the real and confidential sentiments of the people regarding them ? Had any petition been presented to the House from the inhabitants of the country , begging that the conduct of the noble lord , so often alluded to , should be strictly investigated , on account of suspicions attaching to him ? No . There had been no such petitions ; it had been only a whisper to the detriment of the noble lord ; and he was inclined to suppose , that it had been upon that whisper alone , that the right hon . gent , and some members of that House , seemed disposed to attack him . began by saying , that it appeared necessary for him to clear up some mistakes or misrepresentations which originated in the course of the debate . The reason for haying stated the number of seamen in the month of Dec. last , in preference to any other month , was , that the regular returns had been made to the Admiralty at that period . There were then 76,054 seamen on board his Majesty 's navy . Since the month of Dec no less than 6,441 had been added , and the return of the marines was 15,679 All these added together made a total of 98,174 men . Those returns were 920 to be found in the Admiralty , and had no connexion with the Navy-Office . There were no less than 19 sloops of war contracted for , and were to be built in the month of Nov. last , and there were very sufficient reasons for gun-boats having been ordered previous to the contractors compleating the sloops . It was not from an idea that these would be immediately required , but in order to be in readiness for particular purposes . As to the sloops not having been built sooner than in three months , he could confidently state , that no disadvantage would result from that circumstance . It would have been very injudicious to build them in a hurry , or of raw or green wood , which always proved leaky ; and he did not imagine that Buonaparte 's gun-boats would be found , on trial , to answer his purpose , for a similar reason . He would rather have gentlemen be inclined to concealment than to divulge any circumstances which might prove injurious to the country . It would be necessary , in the first place , to have on hand a great stock of timber , were ships to be built in merchant ? yards . Those vessels which were built in the King 's yards were more substantially balk than others . He meant nothing personal against any individual , when he said , however , that in his opinion a proper use had never been made of shipwrights in this country . The ships built in the King 's yards , were wholesome and sound for the men to live in those built elsewhere , were generally found to get what is called the dry rot ; they inclined the men to fevers , and were soon tendered unserviceable . He might even say , that those ships which were built in merchants ' yards , had been the ruin of the navy . He did not know exactly what the hon . admiral meant , by alluding to 19 sail being taken when under convoy ; he was not aware