the House . I trust there will be no objection to the introduction of the bill in the first instance , and that gentlemen will reserve their arguments till they have the subject fairly before them . I have stated that it power of resignation will be given to volunteers , but from this option I fear no dangerous consequences . Surely , Sir , those who in August and September last stepped forward to defend their country , threatened by an implacable foe , will not shew less zeal now that the enemy 's preparations are still 437 further advanced , or rather nearly completed , and that he only waits the favourable moment to land on our shores . I am confident that they are now as much as ever alive to the calls of patriotism , of duty , and of honour ; and that they will not desert their King and their Country at this great crisis . Even those , whom circumstances may oblige to withdraw from regular attendance , will in the hour of danger , rally round the standard of freedom , and expire in the same grave which swallows up the liberties and independence of their country.—Having now finished the observations which I thought it incumbent upon me to make ; previous to the introduction of this bill , I shall now conclude by moving , that `` leave be given to bring in a bill to explain , amend , and consolidate , the provisions contained in the several Acts relative to Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps throughout the United Kingdom . '' expressed his regret , that the opinion which he held respecting the right of electing officers belonging to volunteer corps , should be misunderstood by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , for he entirely agreed with that right hon . gent , that no such right existed in any corps in whose original otter of service such a right was not expressly demanded and acceded to by government ; and he also agreed that any corps , claiming any such privilege of electing their own officers , under different circumstances , misunderstood their rights and their duties ; but if it was meant that the recommendation of an officer by any corps was not to attended to , he wished to know where they who would reject such recommendation would desire the power of appointing such officer to rest ? would they wish the commission to originate in the crown , in the lord lieutenant , or the deputy lieutenants of counties ? Or could it be seriously supposed , that any or either of those arrangements would be preferable to that which the volunteer corps , in general , desired , and which must tend to render them more effective , by the mutual attachment which must subsist between them and officers of their own choice ? The right hon . gent , had observed , that the recommendation of officers should properly belong to the lord lieutenant ; , out that he , from his situation , should feel himself bound to advise his Majesty not to attend to such recommendation , if the person recommended should appear to him to be ineligible , and he would be glad to know whether the right hon . gentleman 's exercise of the same discretion would not be sufficient to prevent the ap- 438 pointment of any officer recommended by a volunteer corps ? If so , then , what danger could arise from allowing things to remain on the same footing as they have been ; and instead of the lord lieutenants recommending , & c. leaving to the volunteers themselves the right of recommendation ? He adopted the word recommendation , because it seemed to be more agreable to the right hon . gent , than the word election , although there was no material difference between the two.—The right hon . gent , had drawn a distinction between the right which a volunteer corps might have at its original formation , and after it had been actually established . With