opinion of all nations , and might be justly proud of its military strength . If he was asked his opinion , whether 628,000 men in arms were : enough for the defence of the country in the present circumstances , he should say , he believed the number was considerably more than we wanted . Although , of course , every noble Lord must wish the country to be in the most perfect state of security , yet then : were certainly some limits to be placed to the number called out in its defence , and that upon different considerations : 1st , as to economy , can we afford to pay such au immense number of men ? and 2ndly , in point of prudence and general policy , is 1047 it right , beyond what is necessary , to extend the military spirit indefinitely among all classes of the nation ? These were questions he should not then pretend to discuss . He thought the exertions of administration had brought forward a number of men completely adequate to the defence of the empire , and that there was little more wanting than to make the system already adopted as efficacious as possible.—The question for the second reading of the bill was then put , and carried without a division . It was accordingly read a second time , and moved , that it be committed on Thursday se'nnight , being the first day of meeting after the recess . stated some objections as to the delay which would thus be occasioned ; and wished some earlier day to be appointed , as he conceived it to be of the utmost importance that volunteers should go upon permament pay and duty as soon as possible . said , that there was nothing in the bill that would occasion any necessity for its being hurried through its remaining stages . He understood , that upwards of 30,000 volunteers had already gone upon permanent pay and duty , in the manner proposed by the bill ; and he had every reason to think that a great many more would , in the mean time , pursue the same plan to perfect themselves in their discipline.—The motion for the bill being committed on Thursday se'nnight , was then agreed to , and the House , at II o'clock , adjourned till to-morrow . rose , and observed , that it might have been reasonably expected that the framers of the bill , before they are to expect the House would finally adopt a measure so severely injurious to so many industrious individuals and their families , as this bill must almost inevitably bring to ruin , would at least hold out some advantage likely to be derive4 to the public by the measure , in lieu of the immunities , a surrender of which they required ; but no such advantages had they held out , nor had the House before , it any document to shew the necessity of depriving one of the most laborious and useful classes of men in society , their wives and children , of their means of live- 1049 lihood , merely to promote the advantages , or second the interested views of any monopolizing company . The purposes alledged by this bill were , to reduce exceedingly the prices of fish at Billingsgate market , and , by increasing the quantity , to reduce the price of provisions for the poor . But what security did the bill , or its proposers , offer to the public , that such a result would accrue , or that fish could be reduced lower than two-pence per pound , the price at which it was now generally sold at Billingsgate ? There was an instance of the establishment of a monopolizing company , instituted a very short time since , under the appellation of the London Flour Company , whose professed object it was to reduce most considerably to the public the prices of flour , meal , and bread . But how far , he would be glad to ask , did that company