and impropriety of this vulgar and ignorant clamour . The complaint reminded him of those periods of the French revolution , when it was not uncommon to hear of accusations of incivism , for the crime of preferring French crowns and Louis d'ors , to the republican assignats depreciated at that time 4 or 500 per cent . The real crime of the persons who were thus denounced , consisted in distrusting the good faith of the republic , under the guidance of those virtuous citizens a d enlightened political economists , who composed the Committee of Public Safety . So , in the present instance , he could not but think that the persons who were thus held forth to popular odium , were , in other words , accused of being so utterly destitute of public spirit as to betray their apprehension for the fate of the country , in the hands of his Majesty 's present ministers . Respecting the fact itself , he was inclined to think , that the practice of hoarding lock place to some extent , as it was reasonable to suppose in critical and dangerous time ; and it was probably still more general in Ireland , in proportion to the danger of the country . He thought that persons in public situations ought not to lend their voice 316 to assist the clamour which was raised against those who chose to keep a part of their property in the form of coin , or who , ; in the present circumstances of the country , : preferred specie to any other commodity . He thought upon general principles , that the rights of property should be respected , and that the public interest regarded that those rights should be as free and uncontroled as possible . He was persuaded : that if specie was accumulated , in any considerable degree , in timers of public alarm , the public difficulties and embarrassment would be diminished , in the same proportion , when the enemy landed and the moment of danger actually arrived . The no he lord who had opened this debate had I well and forcibly illustrated this position , by comparing what was now so much complained of , to the practice of hoarding corn in this of scarcity , where , by a process ; exactly similar , the prudence of individuals , I which in that case also is so much the object of popular odium , provides against and I alleviates the calamity at the time of its greatest pressure.—Wilhrespectto the measure which was now under discussion , his . lordship said , that the powers which were : entrusted to the Bank , for an indefinite period , were in no respect guarded against abuse . The natural and only true limit of every paper currency , was the power of compelling payment in specie at the will of the holder . A paper currency not convertible into specie had no rule or standard , except the discretion of the persons by whom : it was issued . To determine the quantity of currency necessary for circulation was , in all cases , a difficult and delicate problem . A very strict attention to the price of bullion , and the state of foreign exchanges , was alone capable of affording a just criterion by which the quantity could be truly ascertained . Without a perpetual reference to these tests , it was impossible to maintain the Full value of the currency . That the Bank Directors had failed in the performance of this duty was evident , from the enormous increase in the quantity of their notes , and the great derangements which had taken place in the price of silver and foreign exchanges , since the period of the restriction . He said , that the excessive quantity of Bank notes , by raising the market price of silver above the Mint price , was one of the causes of the present scarcity of silver coin ; because it ; famished an additional temptation to that practice , which was thus rendered more