Parliament had called for the exertion of every energy of the country , but the people had manifested an eagerness in the cause , and a desire to employ every energy they possessed , even before they were called . He had thought it his duty thus to state in a plain manner , and he hoped he had succeeded in making himself clearly understood , the nature of the Estimates which he proposed to move . He should now therefore move , the first Resolution.—On the question being put , began by adverting to the manner in which the business had been opened by the hon . Secretary , which , he said , though very proper at any ordinary time , and though possibly very proper then , was so different from the view which he felt himself compelled to take of the subject , that his observation , he feared , would appear very little to arise out of the statements which the House had just heard . His view of the subject went to the general de- 163 fence of the country both present and to come . Under that notion , the difficulty was to know where to begin , or how to confine the discussion within such bounds as he should wish to prescribe to it . It was impossible , in the course of such an inquiry , not to bring forward many points that must bear hard upon the hon . gent . opposite . He could not arraign the measures of the time without arraigning the conduct of those , by whom these measures were planned ; nor could he suffer his mind to be so engrossed and absorbed , as seemed to be the case with many , by the mere business of defence , as to lose ail thought about the conduct and character of those to whom the national affairs were entrusted . This , though in some respects a secondary consideration , inasmuch as it must be founded on proofs to be derived from an examination of their conduct , was , nevertheless , a very important and necessary one , was connected with every part of the subject , and might serve , perhaps , as well as any that could be chosen , to present the subject in that point of view , in which it was most important to consider it . His own general opinion on this head , he could not better describe , than in some lines which gentlemen might have seen on Inn windows and shutters , where the writer , speaking of the faults of men and women , and allowing that many faults belong to men , concludes , most injuriously and ungallantly , Poor women have but two ; There 's nothing good they say , and nothing right they do . These lines , however bad the poetry , and however false the sentiment , in its original application , were , he was sorry to say , perfectly descriptive of his opinion of his Majesty 's present ministers . That he might not seem to say this at random , without foundation or proof , he would beg only to take a short view of their conduct , as applicable to the actual stale of things . If he were to proceed strictly in this inquiry , though by no means unjustly , he should take up their conduct from the moment of the Treaty of Amiens . It was from that period , according to the opinion of many at the time , according to their own opinion , as declared since , that measures of precaution and defence ought to have , begun . They who had declared , that from the moment of the signature of that treaty , the conduct of the enemy was a continued series of violence , insult , and aggression ; they whose partisans had told us , that he must be 'nature 's fool , ' and not the hon . gentleman 's , who could ever believe in the durability of that treaty ; 164