what gentlemen may have further to propose could , he thought , be very well considered in the present stage of the bill . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) had laid much stress upon the supposed delays which had taken place , and the proposition , he so warmly recommended * must induce still further delays . There were one or two slight alterations to be made , which he thought would remove a solid objection which had been advanced , and that evidently could be done in the present stage of the bill . supported the motion for the recommitment . His principal reason for this was , that a number of the clauses now in the bill were introduced on a day ( Saturday ) when there was a very thin attendance of members . The bill was now seen for the first time as a whole , since it had last pa-t the committee , and it appeared to him highly proper that it should be now recommitted , to give an opportunity for full and fair discussion of this very interesting subject . The hon . and learned member expressed his decided disapprobation of the clauses as they now stand in the bill , with respect to the right of dismissal , and the compensation to be given to servants and apprentices . Ministers , in his opinion , had done nothing to improve the volunteer system . It was merely a republication of the volunteer system laid down by the late ministers . was for the recommitment . He intimated a wish to move for the introduction of a clause into the bill , for the better regulation of the clause as to the number of days allotted to drill in corps in the country . He adverted to the number of volunteers in the metropolis and its vicinity : their numbers , he understood , were nearly 32,000 , but out of the number , if he was rightly informed , nearly one-half had engaged only to extend their services to the vicinity of the capital , even in case of invasion . It was his object that a clause should be introduced , taking the exemptions from those whose services were thus limited . spoke warmly in praise of the spirit and patriotism of the civic volunteers , and adverted to the circumstance that they were not liable to compulsory service , in the like manner that the inhabitants of the kingdom in general were . owned that the hill , as it at present stood , did not by any means come up to the fair expectations which the House and the public entertained on the subject ; and that the hope which he had formed had been materially disappointed . The only point which had been gained by the bill , was the clause by which encouragement was held out to individuals to enter on permanent pay ; and , contemplating a danger , the approach of which might be apprehended to be at hand , this was certainly an advantageous arrangement . He was afraid , however , that even this improvement MMS not carried so far as its vast utility and importance required . There was one other clause which , quite simple in its construction , he likewise viewed to be highly important ; he meant to allude to the clause allowing commanding officers the power of arrest , in cases of misbehaviour at muster and drill . Having said this , he had to repeat , that the bill came very far short of what he conceived adequate to the circumstances of the country ; anxious , however , as he was for the perfection of the volunteer system , he did not think that any important object would be gained by the recommitment of the bill . It occurred to him , that any amendments to be introduced might be received on the consideration of the report , and therefore he felt it his duty to oppose the motion . was of opinion , that whatever idea was entertained of the military