Members of this House , be appointed to advise with government respecting the volunteers , and to recommend such measures as they may think advisable for rendering them most serviceable and efficient . could not think the motion of the noble earl exactly well timed . He could not be ignorant that the servants of government had pledged themselves immediately to bring the question of the volunteer system before Parliament . Whatever , therefore , the noble earl had to propose on that subject , he would then have an opportunity of bringing forward . As all questions , however , of this nature were supposed to originate in his Majesty 's mi- 422 nisters , it was but fair , in the first place , to allow them an opportunity of declaring their ideas on the subject , and of seeing how far those ideas met the general sentiment . That ministers had consulted the roost skilful and celebrated commanders in this country , was a fact . The assembling a council , however , consisting of such men , would , he conceived , be inexpedient , unparliamentary , and impracticable . Persons of this description were , in the present situation of the country , scattered up and down , engaged in remote but necessary service . Supposing , therefore , that the measure were parliamentary , and that it were practicable , would it be prudent and expedient , at such a moment , to enter into the measure proposed by the noble earl ? said , that it consisted with his knowledge , that in the corps with which he was connected , had it not been for the decision to which he bad alluded , every man in the corps , both officer and private , would have thrown down their arms . It was the duty of government to conciliate the volunteers , not to disgust them . Had the measure which he now proposed been at mice adopted , the explanatory bill , alluded to by the noble lord , would have been rendered unnecessary.—He had not proposed a general council of military officers , but one composed of members of that House , who might have been called together without inconvenience . It had been said , that great military characters had been consulted . He could however say , that many of the first military characters in the country , with whom he was acquainted , had not been consulted of the subject.—The motion was put and negatived without a division . —Sir , it is not at present my intention to press the motion of which I gave notice before the recess , for the production of certain papers respecting the insurrection in Dublin on the 23d of July last , and the conduct of the Irish government upon that emergency . The principal object of the motion of which I formerly gave notice , was to throw as much light as possible on the conduct of an hon . relative of mine ( General Fox ) upon that occasion , as I had conceived that some expressions which were made use of by some right hon . members of this House , implied a strong reflection on the character of that gallant officer . As I am now , however , given to understand , that those who made use of the expressions to which I allude , expressly disavow any intention of criminating that brave and meritorious officer , I feel it no longer necessary to press the motion of which I formerly gave notice . —Sir , although it is , perhaps , not strictly regular in me to offer any observations upon the hon . member 's choosing to withdraw his motion , yet I must say I am extremely glad , that , upon consideration , he had thought proper to pursue this course ; arid it gives me the more pleasure , as I feel perfectly convinced that it never could have been the intention of his Majesty 's ministers , and I am sure it was never my intention , in any