the order until Friday , that in the interim the House might make up their mind with regard to the objections which he had insinuated against the petition . Either mode of proceeding would meet with his concurrence . The hon . gent , then moved , that the provisions of die act to which he alluded , should be read , and also the petition , in order to shew that it was not in strict conformity with those provisions ; which being done , he declared it to be his intention to move , that the House do adopt either of the modes of proceeding respecting it which he had already stated . said , that he could not subscribe to the sentiments expressed by the hon . gent , as he entertained an opinion altogether different upon the point in question , from that which seemed to be entertained by the hon . gent . He hoped , however , the House would not be unwilling to adopt one of the modes which had been pointed out ; for on a point of such essential importance , mature deliberation was evidently necessary . But though the question were to be delayed , vet even now 387 he felt desirous to state two grounds of doubt respecting the validity or '' the objections urged by the hon . gent.—First , he thought it advisable fur the House to pause , and inquire into the practice of former times , before they pronounced , whether those who stiled themselves freeholders did not , by so denominating themselves , intimate their claim to a right of voting at such election ; for upon what ground could they be entitled to approach that House , unless as freeholders , who had a claim to a right of vote . The House should therefore be cautious to give a fair and equitable construction to the petition . At all events , the petitioners should be allowed an opportunity to ascertain their right , and to make out a case for the House to judge upon . He had also room to doubt , whether it had been right in the House to presume a disability on the part of persons , who stated themselves to be freeholders , and who , upon that statement , insinuate a claim to a right to vote . The question he thought to be a matter of much delicacy and intricacy , and , therefore , he must wish that sufficient time be allowed to take it into due consideration . then moved , that the order of the day be read for taking the petitions into consideration to-morrow ; which being read accordingly , the order was discharged , and a new order made out for taking the Middlesex petition , and the petition for Midhurst , into consideration on Friday next.—Mr . Fox , after consulting a few minutes with some of his friends , rose , and gave notice , that he should to-morrow make a motion for rejecting the petition to which he had adverted.—The Committees of Supply and of Ways and Means were deferred till Friday , after which the House adjourned . rose , agreeably to his notice of yesterday , to call the attention of the House to the petition of certain persons , styling themselves freeholders of Middlesex , complaining of the return for that county.—The hon . member began by stating , that the point to be considered by the House was one so clear , and so little liable to any possibility of difference of opinion , that he did not conceive it necessary to occupy the time of the House with any detailed arguments . It would not , he conceived , be attempted to be denied that acts , of parliament were , in every case , to be interpreted in a manner , as nearly as possible , agreeably to the precise letter , and if this was admitted as a general principle , it could not be denied that such a mode of interpretation was more especially proper , when the act