nearer to regular soldiers . My opinion , Sir , inclines much more to the latter right hon . gentleman 's suggestion . I do wish to maintain that force in its strength , and render it available to all the great purposes for which it was instituted . But I wish it to be considered , that upon the present system on which our volunteer strength has grown up and flourished , there is such a hearty and universal cooperation and affection among the various corps , that it might be very unwise to try any sudden changes . The hon . gent , who spoke last says , we should increase : he regular force , and that my noble friend , in his statements , has blended the accounts of the forces in England and Ireland . I am 226 confident that there is no wish in government to conceal any information on this important subject . I am very willing to relieve the minds of any persons who want to be satisfied upon it . I believe I state accurately , when I say , that the whole regular force is 69,000 men , of infantry , cavalry , and artillery , disposable to any part of the world ; which added to the militia , make up 180,000 men , exclusive of 27,000 of the army of reserve , not yet incorporated with the line , and 410.000 volunteers . I hope , after this statement , I shall not hear again , that we have totally destroyed the regular army ; but I am ready to concur in expressing an earnest wish , that this great force should be augmented ; and I have the satisfaction to see , that the system has succeeded in augmenting the regular force , in a more effectual way , than at any time previously , except by the offers of the militia last war . In ten weeks 7.500 had volunteered for general service ; and , notwithstanding the interruption of recruiting , the diminution of number was but a third : in ail , not more than 1,500 for the whole year . What I regret exceedingly is , that gentlemen should have ; so much under-rated the volunteers , as fit only to protect villages and carry previsions ; and as being taught matters not conducive to the species of utility within their reach . I have a great opinion of the authority of that hon . gent . and of the right hon . gent . on the same bench ; but in military matters , I think I must prefer those of Lord Moira , whom the hon . gent . has so deservedly praised , now commander in chief in Scotland , who , addressing the Edinburgh volunteers , says , he would head them confidently against any foe ; and of Lord Cathcart , the present commander in chief in Ireland . Nothing requires greater caution or mere delicacy than the adoption of any new system in regard to the volunteers I deprecate any attempts that may destroy that unanimity and cordiality that at present happily subsist among all ranks . I am afraid to draw the string too tight . Another hon . gent ( Mr. Grenville ) thinks we should have had ten times the number of volunteers . Now , of the male population from 18 to 60 , I apprehend one-fourth to be actually under arms . It is true , when the bill was first brought in , nothing was said about the limitation , but afterwards a number was stated , much below the present number of volunteers , namely , three fourths of the first class—And I now , Sir , have ministers done their duty to the public ? I readily grant , that no administration ever received more cordial support from the public , in all measures calcu- 227 lated to promote the public welfare ; and we should indeed be without excuse , were we deserving of the censures we have received—The , right hon gent . has referred to the