and danger . There would in all probability be a run on the bank for some time , and consequences of a serious nature might be experienced , unless means were taken to counteract them . The longer , however , the restriction was continued , the greater would be the eventual danger , and the more difficult would it be to counteract it . From a retrospect of the past , the hope of the removal of the restriction could not be sanguine ; and he appealed to the candour of those gentlemen who voted for the bill at its first introduction , whether they would have given such a vote , if they had then looked to this protracted continuance of the bill . He conjured gentlemen to think seriously on this point , and to use every exertion to procure a remedy for a very alarming evil.—The subject of the Irish silver currency was well worthy of their attention . He appealed to the right hon . gent , whether it was not in a situation absolutely disgraceful and degrading . He had felt it his duty to make these few observations , and hoped that those whose duty it was to look more particularly into the affairs of Ireland , would lose no time in devising some means for curing the evils now necessarily connected with the currency of that part of the united kingdom . applauded in the highest terms 477 the candour which the noble lord had discovered on the present occasion . The object to which he had called the attention of the House was one of the highest interest and importance , particularly to those whose , duty it was to watch over the interests of Ireland , He thanked the noble lord for the care which he had bestowed on it . He could declare for himself , and he believed he might add in behalf of all those gentlemen who represented Ireland , that they would at all times be happy to see Irish affairs discussed by gentlemen from all parts of the empire , and more particularly when they were handled with that temperance which the noble lord had evinced . As the notice of the noble lord was to be relinquished , he did not conceive that it would be regular for him to go into any detail on the topics which had been introduced . He would , however , make a few general observations . With many of the remarks of the noble lord he entirely coincided . The state of the paper currency of Ireland was doubtless deplorable in the highest degree , and nothing could afford him greater satisfaction than the prospect of any means of redressing evils , which all parties admitted to exist . A good deal had been said on the extent of paper currency in Ireland , and the conduct of the bank of Ireland had been described as highly reprehensible , because they had extended their issues of paper with such improvident liberality . It was true that Ireland was inundated with a profusson of paper , but this was not the fault of the Bank-Directors . They had no control over the issuing of notes by private banks of the metropolis , or by private banks in various parts of the country . It was by the possession of this control here , that the bank was effectually enabled to restrain circulation of notes beyond what appeared expedient . For the enormous circulation of paper money in Ireland , the Bank Directors were not fairly responsible ; but there were positive circumstances to be adduced in their favour . In the year when the restriction first took place , the Bank received an addition of capital to the amount of half a million Previous to the restriction , specie had disappeared from year to year , and private bankers had been prohibited from issuing notes under five guineas value . The consequence was , that a new issue of small notes became necessary to fill up the defiencies occasioned by this prohibition . Additional issues of notes were