these words be inserted , `` to summon a Board of Inquiry , who shall determine on the propriety of dismissing such volunteer , & c. '' opposed it . He admitted that the power conferred by the clause would be great ; but yet it was to be considered that this was a great power to supply the place of many other great powers . This power , however , he bagged to observe , 848 was not severe . It was exercised during the last war among the volunteers , although it now excited so much objection . admitted that the power was not new , but yet it Was to be recollected that the consequence that would result from the exercise of that power was quite new , and might be productive of serious inconveniences to individuals.—After several other observations , the question was called for , and on a division there appeared , For the original clause 116 Against it 69—Majority 47 . Mr. Pitt 's clause for levying a fine not exceeding the sum of 5s . on those who may be guilty of non-attendance or misbehaviour during the time of their corps being under arms , or 1s . penalty if the party be exempt from the payment of the poors ' rates , was after some discussion , rejected without a division . said that he had not any other clause to propose ; he meant only to move that the report be now received pro forma ; and he should afterwards move , that the bill be taken into farther consideration on Friday.—The House then resumed , the report was then brought up , ordered to be printed , and taken into further consideration on Friday next . wished the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) would have the goodness to state to the House what were the papers which he intended to move for , in order that the object of the motion might be clearly understood . declared that he had no objection to gratify the desire of the right hon . Secretary in that respect . He said he had indeed already communicated the substance of his motion to one of the Lords of the Admiralty , from whom he thought ministers might probably have heard it . It was his intention to move for an account of the number of that description of force which is best calculated to repel the attacks of the enemy at the present moment , that we have now in commission , he meant frigates , sloops , cutters , and all the smaller description of armed vessels which were capable of sailing in shallow water , and defending our coast . He meant also to move for an account of a similar nature , with respect to that species of force in the year 1S01 , with a view of comparing them together . Pie should also move for an account of the naval force of the country of another description , namely , ships of the line , which we had in commission in the year 1793 , and in the year 1801 , and also the amount of those which had been launched since that 849 period , or which may have been laid down , or building in his Majesty 's dock-yards . The number of seamen which were employed in his Majesty 's navy at those different periods should also be an object of his motion . Upon the whole , as it was his wish to have every information which could lead to a fair comparison of the state of our naval defence at different times and under different circumstances , he could not positively say that it might not possibly branch out to oilier heads than those which he had already stated . rose , not , he said , to oppose the bill , but he could not pass by the opportunity which it afforded him of warning the artists of this country of the great injury which they were doing , both to their own character and interest , and to