total of force in G. Britain and Ireland in Oct. 1801 , including militia , was ; 170,426 men ; in April , 1803 , 124,843 , and in March , 1804 , 199,993 men ; which 1075 is near 30,000 men more in G. Britain and Ireland than there was at the close of the last war , and near 60,000 men more than there was in April last , immediately before the commencement of the war.—But there is another view in which I wish the House to consider this subject , that is to say , the difference of the numbers of the regular troops at the different periods . By regular troops , I do not mean only troops disposable for foreign service . The number of regular troops in Ireland in Oct. 18O1 , was 12,220 men ; at present there are in Ireland 28,870 regular infantry , which form 30 battalions of as fine and as well-disciplined troops as this country ever possessed . It may be said that tin : danger in the former war was not so great as that with which we were now threatened , but I will venture to say that there were many periods of the last war , and particularly at the time of the Northern confederacy , when the danger was greater I will not say than it is now , because we are fully prepared , but was greater than it was some months ago . Without occupying the House longer upon this subject , may venture to say , that as far as the defence of this country is concerned , particularly if the number of volunteers is considered , it requires no extraordinary decree of courage not to feel much alarm at any threatened attack of the the enemy . That no degree of exertion has been wanting on the part of the executive govt . is , I think , clearly proved , if the number of men be considered that have been raised during the present war . The total number of men raised for the public service , for the regulars , militia , army of reserve , and seamen , since the commencement of the war , is 192 , 606 men ; and it ought also to be recollected , that this force was raised at a time when provisions were cheap , when the manufactures were flourishing , and , consequently , when there were not such strong inducements to men to enter into the army or navy . When all these circumstances are taken into consideration , let any man judge whether ministers have or have not made any exertions . I take no credit to myself and by colleagues for these exertions , because m making them , we have only done our duty . But I wish to have this point considered as established , that as far as relates to our defensive force , there is no reason to repine at what has been done.—This point , being established with regard to our defensive force , the next question is , whe- 1076 ther we have a sufficient offensive and disposeable force ? I am of opinion that we ought , not to confine ourselves to mere measures of defence , but that we ought to look forward to what may happen in the course of the war . Suppose , in some happy day , the continent of Europe should endeavour to rescue itself from that yoke of iron bondage in which it is placed , and which has levelled kings and governments in the dust ; it must be admitted that it would be desirable that this country should avail itself of such an opportunity it it occurred ; but even if it should not , this country by itself may have an opportunity of reclining the enemy to reason , of convincing him that we are more powerful than lie supposes us to be , and that we are more than able to contend single-handed against him . Upon these grounds , I think it would be adviseable to augment our