loans to foreign prince , as well as to the considerable sums Sent for the support of our armies in foreign parts . In 1709 , another unfavourable season occurred , which produced effects still more injurious than the former , and this was again succeeded by a similar bad harvest in 1800 . During these two years , no less a sum than between 20 and 30 millions had been paid to foreign countries for corn and other articles of provision , which produced , of course , a great effect in the balance of trade with other countries . Added to which , in 1799 , the continental war was renewed , fresh treaties were entered into , and fresh loans and subsidies were sent to foreign powers , without also taking into the account the very considerable expense which was incurred , and the sums sent abroad en account of the Egyptian armament . All these causes had more or less their combined influence to produce that scarcity of cash which had been so much complained of throughout the country . In the present perplexed state of our trade with foreign parts , a temporary interruption had been occasioned with respect to those remittances which our merchants had reason to expect it came , however , within his own knowledge , that mere are , at this very moment , large sums of 707 bullion in store , in several towns on the Continent , and intended to be sent to this country as soon as circumstances would admit of a conveyance . His lordship observed , that at the commencement of the war in 1793 , there was no considerable want of coin in this country ; and even up to 1795 this inconvenience was not felt . He had already stated those causes which occasioned the inconveniency in the years 1795 and 1796 , and some of the succeeding years . His lordship begged , however , to be understood , as not arguing in favour of a too extended paper circulation , for he was sensible that this might be pushed too far . But , even in this case , he was not aware how far an appropriate remedy could be adopted . He felt rather inclined to refer that remedy to the natural course of events , than to produce alterations in the political machine , which he was apprehensive would rather do mischief than produce a benefit . Speculators , indeed , might suffer ; but he thought it was better to leave the evil to work its own cure , than to hold out encouragement to persons of this description.—With respect to the supposeable event which the noble lord ( Grenville ) has alluded to of an invasion by the enemy , and coupling , as his lordship did , this circumstance with that of the paper circulation , he could only say , that he knew of no attempt to remedy such an evil but what might tend to produce a still greater one , and such he considered would be the impracticable attempt of forcing the country banks 10 combine together in support of each other . In this case , the effects would be most alarming and ruinous to those banks which might not meet with such support . Banks solvent today must , in such a case , become insolvent to-morrow . But as to the argument of the noble lord , derived from the supposition of invasion , it might be sufficient to observe , in the first place , that such an evil might never actually happen and.2dly , that a partial invasion could net be an evil so as to produce financial embarrassments , and pecuniary distress , to any great extent . Bur , even supposing an invading army were to obtain a temporary fooling in the country , he did not apprehend that even in that case it would produce that dreadful effect upon the credit of the country , and of individuals , which had been supposed . In support of this opinion , his lordship referred back 10 two