standard , then their petition must of course be rejected . It was too much , however , to presume , that they were disqualified , in the total absence of all evidence to establish such a position . In receiving the petition the House would he guided by practice . In rejecting it they would do what was equally rigorous and unjust . The right hon . gent . concluded by giving his decided negative to the motion . —Sir ; it appears to me that the question , whether this petition ought or ought not to be referred to a Committee , is a question of positive law , and can not be determined by any other rule or principle . The legislature has foreseen and provided for the case . We have no right to enter into any considerations external or collateral to the specific provision of the law . There is no appeal from the rigour of the Act of Parliament to the equity of this House . We have no legal competence to proceed in any petition against an undue return , in which the petitioners do not distinctly state or allege that they had a right of voting at the election . These petitioners have not made that allegation . But the Right Hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer asserts , that these petitioners have followed the example of others ; that the course of the House has been to proceed in petitions , in which the allegation of right has been omitted , and that they ought not to suffer because they can not have been misled by following the practice of the House as they find it in the Journals . Certainly the right hon . gentleman 's doctrine conveys an excellent instruction to the present and to all future petitioners , `` Do not look into the Act of Parliament , never inquire what the law prescribes , or how it directs you to act . All you have to do is to examine the Journals of the House of Commons , and govern yourselves by the precedents or course of proceeding . as you find it in those Journals . '' This , though not so delivered in terms , is the real result and amount of the right hon . gentleman 's doctrine . Then , Sir , I ask who , and what is the House of 398 Commons , whose authority is set above that of the legislature ? Why , Sir , it is , or rather it was a tribunal , whose decisions in matters of elections were so notoriously partial , whose disposition or capacity to try contested elections with fairness was so universally doubted , whose integrity on such , points was so much distrusted , that the legislature found it necessary to take the whole jurisdiction of such causes out of their hands ; and who , by concurring in the act , that deprived them of their power , confessed that they deserved to lose it . I am not disposed to trust any thing to the discretion of the House of Commons , on questions , in which the legislature places no confidence in them ; and , even if I were so disposed , the supreme power of Parliament has left me no discretion on the subject . begged leave to have the precedents read by the clerk , to which he alluded in the course of his speech , and in which no claim , with respect to the right of voting at the time of election , had been set up by the petitioners , although their petitions had been taken into consideration , and decided on by the House . The first was that of the 3d of December , 1790 , presented by freeholders of the County of Stirling ; the second that of the 8tli of December , in the same year , presented by freeholders of the stewartries of Orkney and Shetland ; and the third that of the 14th in the same year , presented by the freeholders of the county