which he felt it impossible for him to be silent as the crisis was I urgent . He was at a loss to know what connexion there was between the administration of the Admiralty and the volunteer system . As the subject had been mentioned , it was with reluctance he came forward , though on every question relating to the Admiralty it might be supposed by the House that he would state his opinion . That , however , he had hitherto studiously avoided , I because he had been bred under the noble lord who presided over that board , and felt a friendship and love for him , which made him abstain from any observations that might bear upon that noble lord . Whatever charges attached to the conduct of the Admiralty , he was sure that the noble lord was exempt from them , but he was equally certain that blame was imputable somewhere . The noble lord had been by indisposition rendered incapable of attending to the arduous ; duties of his situation . How far sickness might have impaired the faculties of the noble lord he could not tell . The business had been left to unskilful hands . The hon . admiral had no hesitation in saying , that the naval preparations for the defence of the coat were not adequate to the purpose ; and this opinion did not rest on his own judgment , but he could call to the bar I every naval officer , from the highest to the lowest , to confirm it . He could call on many I hon . friends in the House to prove that ministers had not attended to this subject . He could call on ministers themselves to prove I that representations had been made to them so early as August , September , and October last , since which time the coast might have been placed in a most formidable state of defence . The hon . General ( Maitland ) , had defended the noble lord 's statement of the situation of our navy by a comparison with certain periods of last war , but he might as well have compared a first rate of the present day with Noah 's Ark . Why had he not compared it with the French , fleet ? He should have been shewn its superiority by a comparison with her fishing 609 boats , which had been alluded to last sessions . But these fishing-boats were now turned into fleets , into 74 's , equal , if not superior in number to the fleets employed in blockading them . The noble lord 's comparison should have shewn that our preparations to resist the invasion , were equal to those which were made to carry it into effect . How came it to pass that the enemy had 500 gun-boats ready to attack our coast , white we had only 20 to oppose them . Highly as he respected the noble lord , he could suggest no excuse for his inaccuracy , than his being unacquainted with the subject . As to the bill before the House , he did not find any clause in it relating to the regulation of the Sea Fencibles , who could not by the provisions of any existing law , be ordered from one part of the country to another . He had expected the Secretary of State would have adverted to this description of force in his opening of * the measure , and he should feel it his duty in this Committee to propose a clause for the purpose of extending the provisions of the bill to them . He hoped no time would be lost , as there was not a moment to lose . The hon . admiral concluded with asserting , that if proper attention had been paid to the business , we might have had at present 500 ( he might say 5,000 ) gun boats , equal if not superior to those of the enemy . rose for the purpose of making a few observations on what had fallen from