employed in our service in the Mediterranean during the summer of 1793 , and were finally destroyed by the batteries of the enemy . The whole amount of the value of these did not exceed 7,000l . supported the grant generally , but was against giving any allowance for the S ships which had been referred to , or indeed for any other part of the estimates which was not fully made out to the satisfaction of the House . denied that Lord Hood had it in his power to have taken the French fleet at Toulon , which was got possession of solely by a capitulation with the inhabitants of the town . contended , that Lord Hood was entitled to the proposed remuneration , both in justice and equity . said , he was strongly in favour of the resolution : the proceedings adverted to were part of the system of warfare , and surely , it was not for that reason the noble Admiral should lose the right which attached to him in that capacity . It was clear , in point of law , that the King 's prerogative attached to such captures as those under consideration . argued in support of the amendment . He at first adverted to the magnitude of the sum . He asked , when it was that due reward was not given to those who merited it , in the way in which the noble Admiral did ? He was ready to agree as to the King 's right of granting , in such a case , by virtue of his prerogative ; but the case brought before Parliament , as it was , they should have some 1102 better ground to go upon than a report of the Privy Council . He claimed , as a member of Parliament , that some means be given of exercising their judgment upon that which they were called upon to grant . He could refer to every case which occurred from the reign of Queen Anne downwards . It was unnecessary to have adverted to the repeated votes of thanks passed by that House to the noble Lord in question . He duly appreciated his meritorious conduct on the occasion ; the more so , as he , in a great degree , proceeded upon his own responsibility . The words of the Privy Council were , that some due rewards should be given ; but if Parliament were to apportion those , some means should be afforded them of judging what was proper . In this instance , there was certainly a claim to equitable reward , and he wished it might appear on the face of the thing . He was averse to a general sweeping grant . He objected to the present mode of proceeding ; at the same time he considered this affair as by no means a personal ministerial question ; neither had it any concern with the late administration . He believed it resulted from an application to the equity of the Crown , as being originally grounded in no strict legal right . observed , that in such a case , the King , by his prerogative , might have given the ships , in the first instance , to the captors ; but in consequence of the mode of proceeding which it was deemed proper to adopt , the value thereof was proposed to be given . Under the circumstances of this case , it was a matter of indifference , whether the possession was achieved by capture or not , as it was of that nature that was not distributable under the prize act , so that no right vested in the captor . wished that this grant should be stated in the Journals as proceeding on something peculiar to itself , that it might not be established as a principle . The question being called for , the same was put , on which the amendment was negatived ; and the resolution of the committee of supply , that a sum not exceeding 265,356l . be granted , & c. was formally