suspended , it would be either necessary or expedient to make a communication on the subject to Parliament . But , this , Sir , is the amount of his argument , if carried to its utmost extent . The hon . gent . will not contend , that the interference of Parliament is indispensably necessary , except in cases of extraordinary emergency , and I must be allowed to say , that the present situation of his Majesty is not one which falls under this general description . It has been argued , that the indisposition of his Majesty is not one likely to be or short duration , and in support of this , the official report of the physicians immediately appointed to attend the Royal Person , is adduced . On this point , I beg leave to make a few remarks , founded , not on light grounds , but the remit of the most careful and anxious inquiry . After having collected every possible degree of information en the subject , I feel it my duty , Sir , to state , that the last reports of the physicians attending his Majesty , furnish ne evidence against the speedy recovery of his Majesty . The fact is , that the report on which the hon . member has laid so much stress , was founded more on a wish to relieve that impatience which pervaded all rank of the community , than on any opinion that the disorder with which his Majesty was afflicted was of a lingering description . The report , Sir , I have no hesitation in saying , was more in conformity to this general feeling , than to any ordinary appearances of his Majesty 's indisposition . On the authority of these gentlemen by whom the bulletin is regularly signed , I feel myself entitled to say , that comparing the present state of his Majesty 's indisposition with what it was on the two former occasions , there is every reason to believe that the indisposition will be of short duration . A good deal has been said , Sir . of the consequences of the continuance of the suspension of the functions of royalty . No man can reflect on this subject without weighing well , what would be the effect of any determination which he might form . It is surely not presuming too far to put in a 516 claim on behalf of myself and my colleagues , that , before we came to the resolution which I stated in the commencement of the debate , we endeavoured to revolve the subject with the greatest anxiety and care . The resolution taken was one not hastily adopted , not stated to the House without the amplest consultation . It was brought forward under the firmest impression of its necessity , and the most grave conviction of the responsibility which it necessarily involved . There is one point to which the hon . gent . alluded , on which I wish to make one remark . He seemed to suppose , that if , during the suspension of the royal functions , a landing of the enemy should be effected , no proclamation could be issued for calling out the volunteers , and placing them under martial law . In this idea , the hon . gent . is certainly mistaken , for the royal fignature , under the sign manual , is not necessary for such a proclamation . But even admitting that a such proclamation were necessary , the hon . gent . will not gain much in his argument . For , I am happy to be able to state , that even in the event of invasion , the business of government would encounter no sort of obstruction . I can not at present enter on the statement of particular facts to establish this position , but shall content myself with assuring the House , that if any extraordinary occasion should occur for the exercise of the royal functions , there exists no obstruction to their exercise . Let me implore the House