and almost every other branch of the empire , save Ireland , there were two species of circulating medium equally current ; namely , gold , and the Bank of England notes . When the issues of gold were restricted , the currency of the notes continued , with little or no inconvenience to the commerce , between the countries . But , between Ireland and this country , there was but one current circulating medium—Gold ; and the moment that was restrained , the medium was taken away ; for , in Ireland , the notes of the Bank of England did net currently run ; so that Ireland , to make her remittances an adequate substitute for guild , deals at a certain lose upon her commerce of 10 per cent.—There was another point too , which was highly desirable to be accomplished , though it might have little or no effect upon the rates of exchange , namely , an equalization of the currency in both countries—There was also , another consideration materially necessary for tee attention of Parliament , in looking to the future situation of Ireland , and providing , in time , a remedy for a mischief , which must , otherwise , be attended with disastrous consequences to the credit of that country . There is at present a balance against Ireland in favour of this country , of 1,300,000l . per annum , being the remittances to pay the English holders of Irish stock for loans , borrowed for the use of government in . Ireland . This was a burthen of itself alone more than the trade of Ireland was able to bear . While the present system should continue to go on , and the sums borrowed so greatly exceeded the annual interest paid , it might not be so palpably felt in that country but , whenever the day should come for establishing a sure system of finance to raise the necessary supplies by taxes within the year , it would not fail to be severely felt ; and , therefore , prudence should dictate the necessity of providing a remedy in time , by endeavouring to do away , under some permanent system , the enormous difference of exchange , which had been increasing every year since the establishment of the union.—He had mentioned , on a former night , the wretched state to which the current coin of Ireland had been reduced . There was scarcely any thing in the shape of money to be seen , but a miserable coinage of adulterated copper , and of counterfeit shillings , so bad , that for a pound Bank note , even at its depreciated value , 26 or 27 of such shillings would be given in exchange.—Not wishing at present 653 to detain the Mouse longer , he trusted he had stated enough to shew the necessity for investigation ; and he trusted that the House , in its collective wisdom , would be able to devise some effectual remedy for the evils of which the complaints were so just and genera—Mr . Foster concluded by moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the causes of the present high rate of exchange between Great Britain and Ireland , and the slate of the currency in the latter kingdom ; and to report the same to the House '' rose , not to oppose the motion of the right hon . gent , to which he had no objection , but instate shortly his own opinion , that the true causes of the evil complained against , were not those stated by the right hen . gent , but consisted radically in the disturbed state of Ireland , which operated to depress the exports of Ireland in so material a degree for the last few years , as to create , a considerable balance of trade against her . Tins , of course , rendered the number of merchants in Dublin , who could draw upon London , much fewer ; and those of London , who could draw on Dublin , much more