bill , and as most of the amendments were verbal , it would not be necessary for him to trouble the Committee on each ; he should , therefore , content himself with calling their attention to such as should be material . said , as 'far as he could collect the provisions of the bill , it was calculated to attain the desired object . Upon one part of what was stated by the right hon . gent , he could not help animadverting . The right hon . gent , seemed to suppose , that though a corps might be armed with pikes , the commander might have returned them properly armed and equipped ; he ( Mr. Pitt ) thought , on the contrary , that if a corps had been raised , and accepted as a corps of regular infantry , that the only proper arms for such a corps were muskets , and that if they were armed with pikes or pitchforks , or any other weapon , that the commander could not return them as properly armed and equipped . With respect to another point , he could not conceive bow it was possible , that a commander could return his corps as effective where there might be only arms delivered in the proportion of 25 to 100 men , and he had received a letter upon this subject from the Secretary of State , expressly slating , that no corps could be returned as effective , unless the men had had the opportunity of learning the use of arms , which prevented many commanders from returning their corps as effective , where they had 322 not been supplied with a sufficient quantity of arms . If 24 days attendance under arms was to be considered as sufficient , it must follow that in those corps where only a fourth part of the requisite number of arms had been delivered , that there must be four times the number of days of attendance in order to give every one the opportunity of learning the use of them . said , he held in his hand a certificate which he had given of the corps which he commanded , stating , that they were perfect in all the manoeuvres of light infantry , and that they had attended muster and exercise three times the number of days required , with what arms they could procure , none having been furnished them by government . This certificate was returned by the lord lieut . as insufficient to enable them to exemption under the act , who referred to a letter from the Sec . of State as his authority . The gentlemen of the county , however , construed the act more liberally , and took care that the corps should be exempted . As to the description of arms which had been alluded to , it would never be said that riflemen were to be armed with pikes . observed , that if government thought it necessary to alter the mode of arming the volunteer corps , and to furnish , for instance , the front rank with muskets , and the rear rank with pikes , he could not perceive that there could be any hesitation in the commanders of these corps in returning them properly armed and equipped . As to the case of a fourth part only of the requisite number of arms being furnished to any corps , he conceived that if such corps had the opportunity , in the course of twenty-four days , of learning the use of arms , that they might have been returned as effective . As to the certificate mentioned by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , it was insufficient , because it was not in conformity with the act of Parliament . said , he did not wish to prolong the discussion , as the bill went to do away the doubts which had arisen . With respect , however , to what had been said , that any arms might be given to a corps , his objection