profitable than at any former period . He stated : it as a fact , for the truth of which he appealed to those lords who represented the 317 peerage of Ireland , that , in convenience of the still greater depreciation of the currency of that country , the silver coin there had totally disappeared , and had given place to a most debased and counterfeit substitute . He should not now enlarge upon this subject , though it was one of the very highest importance , since a more proper opportunity for the discussion would occur when the Irish Bank Restriction Bill was brought into the House.—He said , that the proposal of the noble lord , who had opened the debate , for a Committee to take into consideration the important questions to which he had alluded , should meet with his most cordial support . The noble Secretary had stared , that he was not prepared either to assent or dissent on the first mention of such a proposal ; but as it bad been required that some distinct subject of inquiry ought to be stated , to induce the House to consent to such a Committee , he would take the liberty ( if it was not presuming too far ) to mention some of the topics to which the attention of a Committee might be directed with great propriety and advantage . Independant of the general question , respecting the effect of the Bank restriction upon the currency of the two countries , there was great room for inquiring into the policy of adopting a new system of coinage , and of new modelling the regulations of the Mint . The propriety of deducting from the value of the coin , the expense of the coinage , was an alteration which had long been proposed by the best writers on the subject ; and was one which he should think it right to submit to the attention of the Committee . It would be useful also , to consider the propriety of adjusting the relative values of the silver and gold coins , according to the change which had taken place in the relative values of those metals ; an alteration of indispensable necessity , since , by the present regulations of the Mint , it had long been found impossible to retain any new issue of silver coin in circulation . There was , also , another object of importance which might be referred to such a Committee ; he meant the propriety of repealing all laws against exporting the current coin of the country , and of allowing it to be considered as a common article of merchandize . The laws , which prohibited this , were founded in popular error , and formed part of a system which was now universally exploded . At present , when the exchange is unfavourable , the coin , which is necessary for paying the balance against us , must be melted down in order to be exported without risk of seizure . By the proposed alteration , it would 318 be exported in the shape of coin , when the exchange was unfavourable , and would return in the same state , when the exchange was restored to its usual and ordinary course He concluded by again expressing his hope , that the proposal which had been made , for a Committee to consider the various questions connected with the credit and currency of the country , would be seriously brought forward after the recess , and would be adopted by the House . rose , as he said , to confirm Lord King 's account of the badness of the silver coinage in Ireland . He however denied that any transaction of the nature alluded to by his lordship , had ever fallen under his observation , or was consistent with his knowledge . did not mean at present to oppose the bill , but lie remarked that it was too much the custom of the last administration to propose and carry dangerous measures , and afterwards act upon them as precedents .