full of money , or who had only emptied them by a continued course of intoxication , and had not yet got their grass flesh off , had not got the beer out of their bellies , which they had been swilling for weeks , many of them at the rate of o guineas a man . As for those who were left behind in what were called the reserved battalions , they , for the most part , were so left behind and reserved , because no one thought it worth his while to take them , and were of a sort which no time or drilling could ever render serviceable ; time indeed , being with many of them the last thing they wanted , as the very objection to be urged was , that they were already past the age of service . The last and most important , certainly the most extensive head of force , was that which Comprised the great body of inhabitants to whom arms had been given or promised , the general collection of the volunteer corps . In speaking of these bodies , it was as well perhaps to attempt , though he knew the attempt must be vain , to obviate the misrepresentation , which he was aware , was lying in wait to seize upon every word he should say , ( Hush 'd in grim repose expects his evening prey , ) by observing , that what he had to condemn in these institutions was not the individuals , but the system . That in speaking of a body of 400,000 men , he certainly did not mean to say that they were all useless , or worthless , or of a character he knew not what , that was to make them run away at the sight of an enemy . He certainly should not be inclined to say this of any 400,000 men , taken at random from among the inhabitants of this country , and must necessarily be less inclined to say so , of a body which from the manner of its being combined , must contain a greater proportion of the zeal , spirit , and patriotism of the country , than any other of equal numbers taken without rule or selection . To impute therefore to any one a purpose of censuring the volunteers individually , was too childish to be deserving of notice . As little could he intend to say , that the body of volunteers , as at present constituted , were of no use : 400,000 men with arms in their hands , and consisting for the most part of persons within certain ages , could not be so combined , as not to be capable of being useful . All that he meant to say was , that these corps must be for ever unsuited to the sort of service on which it was intended to employ them ; and that the methods pursued with them were calculated to render 169 them as little useful as it was possible for such an assemblage of men to be . The idea was , as had been long foreseen , and long deprecated , to combine these into companies , regiments , and brigades , and to endeavour to make regular soldiers of them . He was of opinion that you never could make regular soldiers of them ; and that the attempt to do so was founded in every respect upon false views , both of the nature of those corps and of the military service in general . He grounded this opinion upon circumstances , certainly having nothing injurious in them to the characters of persons acting in volunteer corps . It was no reproach to any one , that he was of an age , or size , or state of health , that did not admit of his performing the duties of a soldier : that he was the father of a family , and could not be spared from the care and superintendance of those who looked to him at every moment as their