them with a dangerous power , which is not wanted , and by the very act of calling for it , run the risk of doing mischief in other senses , and counteracting their own purpose . By empowering the government of Ireland to proclaim martial law , they alienate the affections of the people whom they ought to conciliate , and , in effect , they invite and encourage the enemy to invade the empire in that quarter . For what does the proclamation of martial law in effect say to Buonapartá and to all the world , but that in Ireland we are vulnerable , and that there he may invade us with a certainty of cooperation , and a reasonable prospect of success ? rose to reply to the two last speakers . He began by adverting to the charge of want of proper attention being paid by ministers , or the house , to the situation of Ireland . He really was not aware on what grounds it was that such a charge was adduced . If it was because subjects of a 106 delicate nature were avoided , and topics of dicussion which could only be productive of dissention among a people too often hurried away by their feeling0 , instead of being guided by their cooler judgment , were abstained from , that the charge of inattention to Irish affairs and Irish interests were supported , he must take the earliest opportunity of protesting against such a doctrine . If any member conceived that any practicable measure could be brought forward for the advantage of Ireland , or any other part of the empire , it was his bounden duty to submit such a measure to the consideration of the house , ; and it would then be for the wisdom of the legislature to decide on its expediency or its policy . Neglect was not , however , to be imputed to ministers , because they did not feel it their ditty to bring circumstances before parliament , to the removal of which they did not imagine any immediate measures to be applicable . Because government did not see the policy of originating some of I those measures , which to some hon . members might appear expedient and salutary , I that surely was no argument to prove that the essential interests of Ireland , as far as ministers understood them , were for a single moment overlooked . It would not be argued , that , because comparative unanimity at present prevailed , when the affairs of Ireland were considered , that there was , on the part of the house or ministers , any negligence or inattention to a subject which all admitted to be deeply interesting and important . It was not presuming too much to infer , that this unanimity on this subject , arose from a conviction of the indisputable and imperious necessity of the measures which ministers proposed . He was sure that his right hon . friend did not hold such an opinion . He possessed an understanding too great , and feelings too liberal , to allow him to entertain such an idea for a moment . As to the facts adduced by the hon . officer , he was ready at all time ' to meet an investigation , and satisfactorily to vindicate the conduct of the government of Ireland . If there was any thing in their conduct at all deserving of censure , let it be fairly stated , and let them be candidly allowed to produce their defence . He took this opportunity , however , of deprecating the discussion of this important subject by a side wind . Let facts be fully and honourably brought forward , and not frittered away and distorted . Let the whole conduct of the government of Ireland be considered , combined , and arranged in all its bearings and relations , and then he should be ready to prove , that , instead of censure it was de- 107 serving of approbation ; instead of a charge of weakness , a confidence of