which pressed for this measure , which are notorious , and certainly much stronger than at any of the various periods when a like proceeding was resorted to , comes with a very ill grace , and must excite some astonishment on the score 118 of consistency . When the martial law bill was continued immediately after the union , no inquiry such as that now demanded took place . Parliament acceded to the bill then , on the assurance of the representatives of Ireland , that it was proper and necessary . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) was then in office , and joined in resisting the proposition of inquiry , and indeed one 's surprize at his present recommendations is aggravated by the recollection of the arguments he then employed to justify his opposition to inquiry ; arguments founded entirely on the known circumstances of the times and of the Irish nation ; and can the right hon . gent . I will ask , pretend to maintain , that those circumstances were by any means so strong as the present time offered , a time when invasion is impending and disaffection is actually existing in Ireland ? Why then , in such a state of our affairs , should the right hon . gent , persist in arguing , that no such measure as that which he himself supported upon much less ground of necessity , ought to be introduced to the hon . I without the preliminary of a committee of inquiry ? In July , the house assented to the enactment of this law , upon the authority of a message from the throne , and the lord-lieutenant 's proclamation respecting the rebellion , which referred to the massacre of Lord Kilwarden . Since then the details of the several trials had furnished the house and the country with the most satisfactory evidence of the necessity of the proceedings . But the hon . gent . ( Mr. Elliot ) argued as if no rebellion or disaffection of any magnitude , sufficient to justify the grant of such extraordinary powers to the Irish government , did really exist , because the Irish attorney general thought proper , in the course of his address to the jury on a particular trial , to describe the insurrection of the 23d of July as the desperate effort of a few turbulent men : but it can not be admitted that such a description from any man , however respectable , should exclude all reference to the nature of the evidence . If such a doctrine were to obtain credit , it would lead to conclusions at once absurd and mischievous . If such language as that of the hon . gentlemen respecting the preference of the authority of the attorney generals statement on the occasion alluded to , that of the witnesses examined on the several trials , was used by the judge on any of these trials : if , for instance , his lordship were to any to the jury , `` You are to attend to and form your judgment on the address of the attorney-general , putting entirely out of your minds the statements of the evidence , '' what , I 119 beg to know from the honourable gentlemen themselves , would be their sentiments upon such a singular recommendation from the bench ? Ant yet their language in the course of the debate was of precisely a similar import . I make these observations merely to shew he sort of argument which the hon . gentlemen are apt to use , when it this their pleasure to oppose the propositions of his majesty 's ministers . With respect to the expression in his Majesty 's speech , that tranquillity is happily restored in Ireland , I will say , that the justice of that statement is perfectly maintainable , without impairing in any degree , the force of the arguments now relied on for the re-enactment of the measure under discussion . It is known hat the rebellion was put down , that its leaders and the