which must ever be hostile to the deliberative measures either of justice or mercy . They feel too great an interest as a party to listen with that partiality which ought always to be extended to the unfortunate . If such would naturally be the case with almost all men in such circumstances , how much more ought the house to guard against the passions or prejudices of rash , unthinking , or unfeeling youth . In some instances he was aware the amendment he proposed to make might be attended with difficulty ; but the lord lieutenant , he thought , might in such instances have a discretionary power . In times such as the present we ought to place some confidence in the government , particularly in cases where the letter of the law could not with so much advantage be enforced.—The hon . gent , concluded with stating , that in his opinion such courts martial as the bill alluded to , should not consist of more than thirteen , nor of less than seven , and that none under age should be admitted to sit in those courts . stated , that the object of the hon . gent . could only be obtained by moving a separate and distinct clause to be introduced into the bill . accordingly made out the clause at the table , and read it to the house . On the question being put that the clause be brought up , said , he had no objection to the amendment proposed by the hon . gent . but rather than give any discretionary 142 power to the lord-lieutenant , he thought it would be more eligible to dispense with the number seven proposed the hon . gent. , and admit five as the smallest number that should constitute a Court martial . He was inclined to be jealous in conceding discretionary powers to government that were not absolutely necessary.—The clause was brought up and read a first time . On the question being put that it should be read a second time , observed , that he could not agree entirely with the hon . gentleman who had proposed the amendment , though he was ready to give him fall credit for the sincerity of his intentions . His great objection was , and he thought it must occur to every person , that this amendment was inconsistent with the original spirit of the measure proposed by the bill . The bill was of such a nature as could only be warranted by necessity . If there was no necessity for the measure , it would be better to discharge the bill entirely ; but if the measure was thought necessary , which the hon . gent , fully admitted , such an amendment as he proposed would entirely defeat , its object . Were it possible for regular courts to sit , or for legal juries to be assembled , there would be no occasion for such a measure ; but neither regular courts nor legal juries could meet with safety to themselves in the present circumstances of the country , and it was for this reason only that die measure was brought forward . Was it possible , the right hon . gent , asked , that any court in the very heart of rebellion could previously go through any tedious process to ascertain the particular qualifications of its members , or would it be proper that every officer , in order to ascertain his age , should carry a certificate in his pocket ? The principle on which the hon . gent , proceeded would go entirely to prevent , in many instances , the assembling of any court together , and at times too when it might be most necessary . The right hon . Secretary concluded by stating that , if the bill is at all necessary , it ought to pass as it is , and if not necessary it ought to be entirely dismissed ; but the amendment , it was obvious , would go to defeat its object . thought that no restrictions