, but what he wanted to apply his amendment to was , that of the volunteers being called out , not for actual service , but permanent duty for awhile , in order to improve them in their military exercise . The question was , whether there were sufficient numbers of general officers to command all the volunteers who might assemble and remain on permanent duty , in ail the dispersed districts of the country ? Now , he thought there would be a great difficulty to find general officers of this sort for them all , and , therefore , the words were necessary for the purpose of admitting other field officers as well as general officers to such commands : and it did not appear to him that there would be any inconvenience in placing them under either the command of a general or other field officer , ranking above the command of the corps ; this would not . create any difficulty . And this species of military superintendence 725 was very material during the time that the volunteers were out , for the purpose of military improvement , was anxious , that military officers of experience should be appointed to direct the operations of the volunteers ; the necessity of attending to this must be obvious , for whatever knowledge the gent , who had command in the militia might have of military business ( and he believed that most commanders of that body were well acquainted with that subject ) , he could very safely say , that the volunteer officers were extremely deficient . For himself he would confess , that although a col. in the volunteers , he knew nothing at all of military matters , and he had no doubt that there were many gents , in the House whose candour would urge them to make the same confession , and with equal truth . expressed his wish that the conditions upon which the volunteers had originally engaged their services , should not in the smallest instance be violated . proposed to postpone the further consideration of this amendment until the report should be brought up , in order that inquiries should be made , how far the adoption of it would be consistent with strict military principle . This , he thought the more necessary , as be understood that a doubt existed among some militia colonels whether they should , in any case , be placed under the command of any military officer below the rank of a general ; and the adoption of this amendment , he apprehended , would tend to confirm that doubt , which ought the more to be guarded against , as it was desirable to apply the same principle to the militia and the volunteers.—The amendment was accordingly postponed . proposed to leave out these words , `` and each volunteer officer shall report the name of the person so discharged to the deputy lieutenants of the district , and to the parish assessor , in order that he may be liable to the ballot , & c. '' The right hon . member stated his reason for this motion to be , that the case was expressly provided for in another part of the bill , and of course , in this instance , superfluous . wished that the causes to justify a volunteer 's discharge from his corps should be more specifically and accurately described , or otherwise the com- 726 manding officer might do wrong , and render himself liable to an action at law . could not hear of a private 's bringing an action against his commanding officer , or taking any step to compel him to state his reasons for any proceeding he might think it necessary to take for the good order and discipline of his corps . hoped that it was not likely any officer , who had the honour of commanding a volunteer corps would abuse his power . If any volunteer should be refractory , he would rather recommend an endeavour to reclaim him than instantaneous expulsion but that however painful , it must