construction of the act , be under the necessity of giving a certificate of service to every individual according as each completed the number of drill days which was required before he could obtain an exemption . From the hurry with which acts of Parliament were frequently drawn up , inaccuracies must unavoidably occur sometimes in the manner in which they were framed ; but it would be a dangerous principle to admit that , on account of the necessity which existed for their alteration , the laws could be dispensed with on any account whatever ; and in each of the cases to which he had alluded the law should have been more strictly adhered to . stated that , in the county of Stafford , three weeks ago , not a single firelock had been received from government for the volunteer corps . stated , that orders had been given to provide arms for the volunteer corps , but it was thought necessary to furnish them in the maritime , counties first . thought a distinction ought to be taken upon the subject of arms . When corps made their offers of service , they generally stated what they would provide themselves , and what they expected government to furnish . A corps that he was connected with had stated that they would provide themselves with clothing and other articles , and that they expected government to furnish arms and ammunition . By arms was certainly meant muskets , but if government thought proper to send arms of a different description , for instance , pikes , he should conceive that such a corps would be properly armed . As to the case of only a certain proportion of arms being furnished to a corps , he apprehended that supposing only 25 muskets to be furnished to l00 men , each man 325 might exercise with a musket , twenty-four different times in 24 days , so as to be returned as effective , and that for the purpose of the return it was of no consequence whether there were 25 muskets or 100 . To illustrate this , he would suppose a case of five learned doctors having only one brief amongst them yet if they all perused the brief , each would consider himself entitled to a fee . contended , that there was no analogy in the case cited by the hon . gent . As to pikes , they could not , he said , be considered as proper arms in the cases mentioned.—Upon that part of the bill which related to the number of days of attendance , observed , that there were some volunteers who were paid for 85 days , and ethers only for 24 ; he thought it , therefore , not just that the former should only be required to attend 24 days for the purpose of being exempted . He wished also that something should be done to enforce discipline ; he had heard of some irregularities committed , and he thought they ought to be checked . Yorke said , that as the law now stood , volunteers were equally exempted in complying with the act by attending twenty-four days . As to enforcing discipline , his majesty had the power of making regulations for that purpose , and it was , perhaps , unnecessary to pass another act upon the subject , as it was highly desirable that too many regulations might not be made . There was a great improvement in the present system over that of last war , as the volunteers were now liable to be called out to meet the enemy , which they then were not . again contended , that these volunteers , who were paid for 85 days , ought not to be allowed an exemption for attending 24 . He was well aware , he said , that his Majesty had the power of making regulations with respect to the discipline of the volunteer corps , but his Majesty had not the power of imposing fines for irregularity of conduct . said , that volunteers would only be