who had fed and fattened upon the corruption of the navy—while he had only to reckon , as his foes those who had proved themselves hostile to 906 honour and justice , who had enriched themselves on the spoils of their country—while such only were his enemies , the noble lord would proceed in his course of glory as he did in the victory on the memorable 14th of February , 1797 , disdaining and declining to retaliate their attack ; but when the right hon . author of the motion before the House becomes his assailant , the noble lord must feel surprised . Even that right hon . gent . however , can not injure him . His fame stands too high , his character is too firmly established , to be hurt by the assertions of any member , and I have no doubt that the noble lord will be ever found entitled to the applause and protection of his country.—With regard to the right hon . gent.s recommendation , that shipping should be built in the I merchants dock yards , I shall only refer him to the ships mentioned by the hon . bart . and I also to the cases described in the reports of the commissioners of naval inquiry , particularly to the cases where it appeared that the persons who received payment for ships built in merchants yards were clerks in the King 's dock-yards , is it possible , to suppose that collusions did not exist in such cases as these ? The right hon . gent , has said , that it is impossible , during war , to build any number of ships in the King 's dock-yards , and that therefore a necessity arises of resorting to the merchants yards . What a melancholy expression—that in those yards , where there are 3,200 men employed , nothing more than the mere repair of ships could be done If so , then our surprise must be diminished , that a French fleet should have been permitted , in the course of the last war , to find its way to Egypt , and another French fleet to sail to Ireland , where nothing but the elements offered to prevent a formidable French army from landing . If , however , the King 's dock-yards are really so little useful , or rather so useless , they ought to be abolished altogether . A new system ought to be adopted . If they could only finish in these I yards 24 sail of the line , 15 frigates , and some few sloops in the course of 20 years , although it is known that 45 shipwrights can build a 74 in one year , that there are 3,200 shipwrights in those yards , and that the expense , & c could not be less in 20 years than 4,100.000l . a sum equal to the building of the whole navy of England , it follows , of course , that it is bad policy to continue the maintenance of these dock-yards . It is besides well known that the internal system of these yards is bad . There is no difference in the wages allowed to the workmen ; the unskilful can earn as much as those of a different description . Thus emulation is-prevent- 907 ed , and many advantages , of course , lost to the employers . The right hon . gent , may answer this , and say , that , although so many abuses have been detected by the commissioners of naval inquiry , that still the system of the dock-yards is good : but I assert , and am prepared to maintain the assertion , that abuses pervade every department of the system . Does the right hon . gent , know of the frauds which the commissioners have found to have been committed in every article with which these yards are furnished , particularly blocks ? From these abuses arise the necessity of advertising for contractors to build shipping ; and as to correct them , to produce integrity and arrangement in