occupation of the men , and the season of the year . In harvest time , volunteers in the country could not attend to drill . It was impossible ; and it was not policy to expect it , if practicable . If the enemy was actually in the country , all occupation must cease in the seat of the invasion , but that of actual war . But in a state of preparation , the ordinary occupations of labouring men must go on . During a certain part of the year , there was no drill in his corps ; but that was brought up by more close application to the drill at other times . There must be , in this and many other respects , a great latitude for the volunteer corps . He was glad there were now 26 days pay , for exercise , to be allowed the men . Four days , beyond twenty , had been warmly contended for in vain ; but now six were generously given ; yet , he could not but observe that this was done without the authority of Parliament . It was done on the mere order of his Majesty 's confidential servants . He noticed this for the presumption with which it was done ; however , he was obliged to them for it . The times for a complaint against his Majesty 's servants , for such unconstitutional conduct , were unhappily past , and he should not comment on that.—It would have been unreasonable to have demanded of ministers , that all the minute parts of the volunteer system should be at once perfect : but he expected to have seen , and all the country expected to have seen , a grand machine , effecting its original purpose , and going on without difficulty , as to all its great movements . But what is the case ? No part of the system is free from embarrassment ; no part is understood ; all is confusion . He really did not believe that ministers , at that very time , understood either what they meant to enforce , or what to abstain from.—Mr . Whitbread then spoke of the imbecility of ministers , in their preparations for war , at its commencement , although they had declared the just jealousy they must have of the armaments in the ports of France , previous to that time . He did not know that the existence of those armaments had ever been proved to the country ; bat , if they were , what preparations had been made ? Ministers talked 560 like children of the danger , and were as unprepared as children ( Mr. Addbigton said accross the table , `` The Militia '' ) The militia , indeed , had been called out , but he did not expect them to take great credit merely for that measure . When the army of reserve was thought of , a measure so highly extolled ; every means that could possibly raise the price of substitutes , and so injure the recruiting service , and produce other mischiefs , were adopted . Among other things an embargo was suddenly laid on vessels going down Channel , which added to the alarm , and made the price of substitutes enormous . The army of reserve has therefore failed . It stands still : its numbers can not be filled . On the 18th of Jan. there were no less than 90 deficient in one place , of the quota 250 . The first mistake of ministers , when they proposed the army of reserve , was followed by endeavouring to make volunteers a substitute for it , and then granting the volunteers exemption from the army of reserve , & c. thus , destroying the whole recruiting resources of the country.—Mr . Whitbread then observed , that almost every volunteer corps had committee , which he declared it impossible to prevent . He then touched again on the subject of economy , and the precariousness of die subscriptions to maintain the volunteer corps ; recommending