a positive parliamentary enactment , than by leaving it to the discretion of any individual peer , who might choose to move for an account of their notes . He wished it to appear upon the face of the bill , that the danger of abuse was foreseen by the legislature , and guarded against by the only expedient of which the case would admit . With respect to the observation , that such a clause was unusual , and that it had not found a place in former bills , he would only say , that it was a principle which militated against all legislative improvements whatever . It was one of those general remarks which applied equally to every new proposition , and was , therefore , undeserving of attention upon any . contended , that such a consideration was a reason against the adoption of the clause , inasmuch as the omission of the provision in the former bills , was productive of no injurious tendency whatever , nor of any ground of complaint . With respect to the unfavourable state of the course of Exchange at the periods alluded to , it was by no means to be attributed to the issue of paper from the Bank , but in a greater degree to the immense sums which were necessarily sent out of the country at the time for the payment of subsidies , and in consequence of the alarming scarcity which then prevailed.—The clause was ne-gaiived.—On the question being put respecting the third reading of the bill , expressed his opinion , without meaning in the least to resist the progress of the bill , that the passing of such a measure as the present should not be regarded as a matter of course in that House . He should have to offer a few observations , which he thought it incumbent on him to advance , on the occasion of the third reading , respecting the measure , and more especially on points of considerable importance connected with the subject of the bill . He should therefore propose that the bill be read a third time on Monday.—Adjourned till to-morrow . ( Mr. Bragge ) moved the order of the day that the House do resolve itself into a Committee of Supply , and that the Estimates presented by him on a former day be referred thereto.—The House having accordingly resolved itself into a Committee , Mr. Hobhouse in the chair : rose , and observed , that notwithstanding the magnitude and importance of the subject to which the estimates now under consideration referred , he should not feel it necessary for him to take up much of the time of the Committee in adverting to the different items , or explaining the nature and grounds of the different estimates to which it was his duty to direct their attention . It would be altogether needless to dwell upon the particulars , because the estimates voted last session , comprehended nearly the whole of those now produced , and gentlemen having been familiar with the nature and extent of the former , it was the less incumbent on him to occupy much of their time in his statement and explanation of the latter . He was bound , however , to acquaint the Committee , that the estimates now before them did riot comprehend the whole military establishment of the year , because , from the nature and extent of the different services included in it , and the possible variation which might arise from a possible alteration of the circumstances and state of the country , the whole could not with accuracy be ascertained , so as to be produced to Parliament in the shape of an unquestionable document . He could assure them , nevertheless that 158 whatever estimates were not , or could not , be laid before the House in the present instance , should be submitted to the consideration of Parliament , at a more advanced period of the session , when they could be made up with sufficient accuracy . The estimates now before the Committee were classed