to be quite a thing of course , but the consent of the officers ; and when to ensure this latter , it was proposed that rank should attach to these appointments , a most material objection arose on account of the effect which such a system would be likely to have on the character and discipline of the army . A more mischievous thing could not well be conceived , than to let loose , among the army , a wild spirit of speculation , similar to that which was so fatally opened at the beginning of the late war by the measure of raising men for rank , and to put half the officers of the army upon seeking advancement in their profession , not by foreign service , not by professional skill , not by a strict discharge of their regimental duties , nor by the approbation and good will of their commanders , but by interest and recommendation among the colonels , ( or committees ) of volunteer corps . The evils of such a state of things would reach to a greater extent , and operate in more directions , than might at first be supposed . It would unsettle the minds of officers ; it would disturb the discipline of regiments ; it would weaken the useful dependence of officers upon their superiors ; it would injure the military character ; it would relax the zeal and spirit of the army by opening a new channel to advancement independent of service or military merit ; it would produce discouragement and discontent , by new examples of men , who had succeeded in reaching the honours , by deserting the duties , of their profession . If this was the view of the measure , in respect to the army , it would not be very promising on the other hand , with respect to the volunteer corps , for whom , certainly , it would not procure that class of officers , ( it was to be hoped so at least ) who would be likely to render them the greatest service . But when the best was done in procuring aid of this sort , what , after all , could be the effects which it could produce upon corps constituted as those in question must necessarily be ? To give opportunity for the exertions of these officers , an augmentation was to be made in the number of days of training : but , besides the insufficiency of the time proposed , great as it might be , to give to men thee pertness , and much more , the general habits and character of soldiers , was it considered , how far the assembling men in this way would be practicable ; and what the inconvenience would be , could it be effected ? Here came in the great and insurmountable difficulty in the attempting to give to vo- 285 lunteer corps the form and character of regular troops . Without embodying there could be neither discipline nor training : and how was it to be supposed , that men engaged ha the common avocations of life , and who never meant to enter into service as a means of livelihood , could continue long embodied ? Every attempt of this sort was an attempt against the nature of things . Ex quo-vis ligno , & c. ; or , to take the English version , you could not make a silk purse out of a sow 's ear you could not make that hard , cutting instrument called an army , out of a mass of inhabitants , resident , householders , men with families , men with property , men engaged in trades and callings ; though for purposes of local defence , and with a view to special services , they might be willing to enrol themselves into volunteer corps . He had wished , therefore , that the attempt should never originally have been made ; and upon the same principle was equally adverse to all expedients and contrivances , for the purpose of assisting it ;