days in a year required for drill should be from 40 to 50 or perhaps 60 the first year , and 40 after . These , however , are points of detail to be afterwards considered , and do not affect the general principle of the measure I have thought it my duty to suggest to the committee.—If then it were deemed adviseable , as I have proposed , to increase the number of days for drill , and to allow pay for that additional number , 30 or 40 shillings more for each man would be required . The whole expense for officers and for additional pay , on the principles above stated , would probably not exceed 500,000l . per annum ; out if it had the effect to render your volunteers an efficient force , and to form them into a subsidiary army , constantly improving in discipline , I am satisfied that it would be found the cheapest part of our military establishment.—If it should be necessary to detach the regular army on any foreign service , if the enemy were to effect a landing in Ireland , and should a large proportion of the regular army be required to expel them from that part of the empire , we could , without putting too much to hazard , rely on the discipline as well as courage of a national force so constituted . That it may be necessary to send a large proportion of the army on such service , we may judge by the experience we have had how near the enemy , notwithstanding the vigilance and the superiority of oar fleets , were effecting a landing in Ireland : and it is our duty to be prepared not only to guard against such accidents , but to avail ourselves of any favourable opportunity of turning our arms to the annoyance of the foe . No man relies more on the valour of Englishmen than I do , or estimates more highly what it is able to per- 194 form ; but respectable as the volunteers are , I should consider it rash and hazardous to trust solely to their exertions , constituted as they now are , should any emergency arise to oblige us to detach a great part of the regular army . I believe , however , that there is scarce a man who does not concur in thinking , that if any favourable opportunity were to arrive of carrying the war to the continent , if any prospect were to appear of rousing the spirit and supporting the exertions of those states that now bend abject submission to the despotism of France ; if we could rekindle any hope of effecting the deliverance of Europe from the yoke under which it groans ; in such objects the army of this country might be most usefully employed ; in such undertakings it might gloriously co-operate . Circumstances may arise in which , perhaps , we might aid in various continental operations . Perhaps our arms might be instrumental in delivering his Majesty 's electoral dominions from the grinding dominion of France ; perhaps they might concur in wresting Holland from the same yoke , and might replace that system of Europe , at least in many points essential to our own safety , which the enemy has overthrown . Is it not of the utmost importance then , to prepare to act with vigonr and with effect , when these or similar opportunities present themselves ? And if we have the means in our power of establishing system adequate to domestic security , and calculated to enable us to exert our strength in offensive operations , every man must admit that 500,000l . is a small expense compared with such signal advantages.—I own , therefore , that if these ideas are agreeable to the sense of the committee , I should rejoice to see them speedily carried into execution , that we may the sooner reap the fruits of them . We have now gone through that part of the year , in which the danger of an attack on our