fair to predict ; that if , like the Swiss , the Dutch , or the Hanoverian ? , we wait , in a torpid or two confident security , until the enemy is at our gates , we shall share the fate of those unhappy countries ; but if , on the contrary , we go forth with the spirit and the souls of Britons , to meet hire on our coasts ; if we unite with one heart , and one hand , in defence of our country , we shall drive him back , with disgrace and discomfiture , to those who have raised him to the tyranny he usurps ; where , like the Arch Fiend of old , he will return to his Pandemonium , and hear , On all sides , from innumerable tongues , A dismal , universal hiss—the sound Of public scorn . But , Sir , whatever may be the final issue of this contest ; however glorious its termination may be to Great Britain , I shall always regret the revolution which it has produced in the manners and constitution of every state in Europe . For , Sir , the habits , perhaps the prejudices , of my education , have taught me to look with a jealous eye on every increase of military power ; and I grieve to think , that while the military despotism of France exists , every nation must rely , for the protection of its liberties , not on its civil constitution , but or ; its military force . But , Sir , while ibis evil does exist , for I must call it an evil , though , I admit it to be a necessary evil , I rejoice to see the hands in which arms are placed , rejoice to see a rank and file of property , I rejoice that arms are intrusted to those who will be induced by interest , as well as by principle , to use them in support of the laws and constitution of their country . Let me , Sir , draw ii contrast between the military force of the two nations : in the one I see the wretched conscript dragged in chains to fight the battles of his tyrant ; in the other see free and independent volunteers rushing in such numbers , that it is necessary tore-strain their ardour , and impossible to supply all of them with arms , to the defence of whom ? Of the father of his people , the King of a free country , of the sovereign who comes 20 forth on this , day , and pledges himself to his people , that , in the hour of peril , he will share their exertions and their dangers with them , in defence of our constitution , in defence of our religion , in defence of the laws and independence of his dominions.—Sir , T have purposely avoided entering into a detail of the different subjects I touched upon in his Majesty 's speech , because my hon . friend has dilated upon them I in so ample and so clear a manner , that I am apprehensive of weakening the effect of his argument , by endeavouring to illustrate them . Gratitude , however , forbids my passing over in silence , the conduct of the British Navy . Of splendid achievements , indeed , the enemy has given them no opportunity ; but the patience and perseverance with which they have continued to block up the ports of France , and the vigilance with which they have watched the motions of the enemy , so that I do not believe the smallest boat has escaped their notice , deserves our highest commendation . The conduct of the hon . Admiral , who commands the Channel fleet , in persevering to hold his station on the coast of France , in defiance of the storms and tempests incident to the season of the year , is above all praise.—I regret , Sir , that I can not look back to the events