to keep if you could . Whether the Mahrattas have united in defence of their country , or to carry the war into the heart of our best provinces , as they have done in former times , or with what loss or expense our success against them may have been purchased , are questions on which we are utterly in the dark . By public report alone we are informed , that a war of great , extent at least , and liable to many important consequences , is now carrying on in India , and that no information of it has been communicated to 868 Parliament . Sir , I can safely assure this I House , that the Mahrattas , though not capable of meeting us in the field , or at all likely to encounter us in a pitched battle , are nevertheless very well able to do us a great deal of mischief . In the year 1778 , the Presidency of Bombay received and gave their protection to a Mahratta fugitive called Ragoba , and muttered all the force they could collect lo escort him back to Poona and to make themselves masters of that place . If the expedition had succeeded , I do not doubt that the persons who were engaged in it , would have been very well paid for their trouble . The event was , that their army was surrounded , starved , and compelled to capitulate . At some earlier periods of the history of India , the Mahrattas have frequently crossed the rivers arid made rapid incursions into the upper provinces of Bengal and Bahar , carrying universal desolation with them wherever they went , ruining the country , and making it impossible to collect the revenues . I know no reason , why they may not make the same attempts again , and with the same success . With such bodies of horse as they can collect at a very short warning , from fifty to a hundred thousand in different quarters , they may pour into our provinces , over run and lay waste the country , and then make their retreat with the same rapidity , without its being possible for us either to meet or to overtake them . This is their mode of making war , and it has always succeeded with them They are the Tartars of India . In these circumstances , I ask , is it proper or not that Parliament should know , why this war was undertaken , for what purposes it has been pursued , and with what success it has been attended ; and finally , has it the sanction and approbation of the Court of Directors , and of his Majesty 's ministers ? I can not believe it possible.—If it should be stated , as I have some reason to expect it may , that the papers to which these motions allude , have not in fact been received by the Court of Directors , that answer must silence me for the present , but I must say that , in another point of view , it will be very unsatisfactory . The orders given by lord Wellesley , in consequence of which the hostilities began on the Malabar coast , must have been dated some time in June or early in July last . I beg of the House to observe the dates : we are now in the middle of March ; so that 8 months and a half must have elapsed since the orders were given , and no information received at home on that subject . This is a case which the act of Parliament has foreseen and provided for . The words of the law are , that 869 `` in all cases , where hostilities shall be commenced or treaty made , the governor general and council shall , by the most expeditious mean they can devise , communicate the same to the Court of Directors , together with a full state of the information and intelligence upon which they shall have commenced such hostilities or made