they came before the House he should deliver his sentiments upon them : but of this he was convinced in common with all officers who were conversant upon the subject ; that the army ought to be augmented , and that much time had been lost . spoke shortly in explanation , and observed , that independent of the newly adopted modes of recruiting , when the number of men obtained by the ordinary mode , was compared with the amount obtained in the former year , it was only one-fourteenth less . made some observations upon the defects , which , he contended , prevailed in the present volunteer system ; the men , he said , could not learn the use of arms before they had arms given them . A comparatively small number were acquainted with ball-firing . He knew of two counties where not a single musket had been received , and other districts where not one half of the volunteers had been armed . He was glad the House were about to be rid of such a bill : it was going to a place whence he hoped it would not return , unless it was inoculated with a little more vigour and a little more efficacy . made a few observations upon the subject , and contended , that the volunteer system could not be fairly held to interfere with the recruiting of the line , the diminution of which proceeded from the militia and the army of reserve . expressed his wishes , that , if possible , a clause , which , in his opinion , threw open the doors to perpetual disputes , might either be entirely omitted , or so altered , as to prevent the bad consequences that would inevitably be produced by it ; he alluded to that which authorised the deduction from the wages of farmers servants , if they remained above four hours absent upon drill or exercise . He thought it advisable that the clause should be expunged from the hill , or that the time should be considerably extended . The question was then put on the third reading of the bill , and carried in the affirmative.—The bill was afterwards passed , and ordered to be carried to the Lords for their concurrence , by Mr. Tierney , —Adjourned . moved the first reading of the Volunteer Consolidation Bill ; accordingly the title and breviate of the bill was read by the Lord Chancellor.—The noble Secretary then moved , that the bill be printed for the use of their Lordships . He observed , at the same time , that the forms of the House did not allow the second reading of a bill , to be regularly moved until the prints were before the House . However , as there was every probability that the prints would be ready for delivery to-morrow , he should now give notice , that on Monday it was his intention to move for the second reading of the bill . rose , not , he said , for the purpose of opposing the measure , or to throw any difficulties in the way of his Majesty 's government in the present circumstances , but merely to suggest to Ministers and to the House the consideration , whether a bill of the peculiar nature and importance as that , the heads of which had just been read , a measure , the principle of which was not only so very important , but in itself embracing such a variety of detailed provisions , could be maturely considered so far as to make up their Lordships minds , as to that species of discussion required at a second reading , in the very short interval between the delivery of the bill and Monday next : he thought it could not . He deprecated the idea of any improper haste being used in the progress of the bill in that House . Their Lordships would recollect the extraordinary length of time it was under consideration in another place , the repeated dis- 1005 cussions the measure had undergone ,