and the variety of amendments which had been made to it . It was therefore incumbent on their Lordships to give the measure a full and mature consideration in all its branches and details ; the measure , in the present circumstances , was one of the greatest importance : the character and dignity of the House were implicated in the consideration : they should evince to the public their determination to give the measure a full consideration , and that no improper haste should be used on the part of their Lordships in passing the bill.—Under these impressions , he begged leave to suggest to the noble Secretary , that Tuesday should be the earliest day fixed upon for the second reading . observed , it was by no means the wish of his Majesty 's ministers to use any improper haste in the progress of the bill ; on the contrary , it was their wish that the measure should undergo a full and thorough investigation . At the same time he could not avoid observing to the noble earl , that the detailed and repeated discussions the bill had already received , rendered its contents pretty well known to the public , and perhaps to a great number of their Lordships ; however , though his wish was , that a measure of such peculiar importance in the present circumstances on the country , should receive as little delay as possible , under what had been suggested , he had no objection to take Tuesday as the day for his moving the second reading . made a few observations , principally in support of what fell from the noble earl near him ( Spencer ) ; he urged the propriety of giving the bill a full and mature consideration in that house , he adverted to the deliberate discussions it had undergone in the other House of Parliament , and the many alterations and amendments it had been found necessary to make in the measure as originally proposed to that House . expressed his coincidence in a great deal of what fell from the noble earls on his side of the House ; but at the same time he must avow his opinion , that in the present circumstances of the country , the bill should be delayed as little as possible in its progress . No lord could more highly estimate the character and dignity of that House than himself : there were certain regulations in the bill which it would be expedient to carry into effect as 1006 soon as possible . He was however an advocate for a full and thorough discussion of the measure ; on that ground he had no objection to the proposed delay ; but if he thought there was a probability of their Lordships being able adequately to discuss the measure previous to the intended Recess , he should have no objection to the day first named by the noble Secretary of State . in explanation , assured the noble lords there was no intention of the part of ministers to hurry the progress of the measure . He was equally aware of the various and complicated nature of the measure , as of its peculiar importance ; it certainly embraced many detailed considerations , each of which involved a principle in itself ; it was then right that the whole should be fully and maturely considered , and if such could not be done previous to the recess , they had no particular desire to urge its passing before that period . made a variety of observations , not only on the bill itself , but on a great part of the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers relative thereto . In one point of view , it was his wish that the bill should receive the sanction of the legislature as speedily as possible , as it Contained , in particular , one provision of which he approved , namely , that which held out a bounty for the encouragement of volunteers to perfect themselves in military discipline and exercise . This part of the bill ,