when the explosion was to take place was not known , because the rebels themselves , twenty four hours before the riot burst forth , had nor finally concerted their plan of operations , or the period of open rebellion . So far , therefore , the conduct of the Irish government does no ; appear to be liable to any very serious objection . But I wish now for a little to call the attention of the House to the particular circumstance under which the lord licit , entered on the exercise of his 768 public functions . He entered on his office immediately after the Union had taken place . At a time when , whatever may be 6aid of the general advantages of that fatal measure , Dublin was suffering from it the greatest calamities , and might literally be said to be destroyed . He entered on his vice-royalty when the content of the capital of Ireland was annihilated , when its trade and commerce were at a stand , when its public buildings were hastening to decay , I when its nobility and gentry , who were in the habit of spending in Dublin the half of their time , and more than the half of their money , had deserted that favourite seat of rational and elegant enjoyment . It was I under ah these discouraging and unfavourable circumstances that the present lord-lieut of Ireland undertook the arduous task of I the government of that country . Lord Hardwicke has done more towards drawing the ; nobility and gentry who were left in Ireland , to reside in Dublin , than any other lord-lieut , who has been in that city for many years . If the object of the present motion is really intended to withdraw lord Hardwicke from that govt. , Ireland will , indeed , be a very great loser . I beg leave to assure the House , that I am not , by any means , speaking as the panegyrist of lord Hardwicke . I do not even know him . As lord-lieut of Ireland , I never saw him ; but I know that his lordship has , by the courteousness and amenity of his manners , and I by the conciliatory measures he has adopted , very much reconciled the citizen of Dublin to their situation , and rendered them much more contented and happy than they were before he went there . I beg the House to recollect what use lord Hardwicke has made of the extraordinary powers which have been entrusted to him . Has he ever shewn a sanguinary disposition ? Has he ever , in a single instance , abased those I powers ? Certainly I can answer no & He I has always acted with the greatest moderation ; and , tempering the most rigid justice with the utmost humanity , has made those extraordinary powers go hand in hand with the best interests of the country , and subservient to its safety and protection . During the administration of this noble lord , the volunteer force is in a far better state of I discipline than it was ever known to be be-I fore . The present commander in chief , lord Cathcart , has repeatedly expressed his approbation and admiration of it ; and if I the enemy should ever chance to set foot on those shores , I will be bold to say , they would be not only surprised and daunted , but they would be astonished to see so great 769 a host of loyal subjects and real patriots in so finished and high a state of discipline.—If the inquiry could go so far as to put that excellent and invaluable magistrate ( lord Kilwarden ) on the bench again , I should be happy to give it every support in my power . But if its object be to remove the present govt. , I shall oppose it as indirect to the purpose for which it was intended . If the hon . bart . means to shew by it that Ireland is not well governed