set of acquaintances in London , and commenced undertakings , by drawing bills on each other . The evils of this practice were great , and never should have been permitted to exist . As it was established , he was aware it could not be abolished without serious evil , but he thought it the duty of the legislature to inquire , whether the evil of its removal was not preferable to the evil of its existence ? It was surely too much to permit the circulation of bills drawn for value received , en persons who had no effects . As to the immediate subject , he doubted , whether , should the bill continue six . weeks , it would be time enough to procure the returns from the receivers general . He also conceived it would not be in their power to make them our . All they received was put indiscriminately into a common mass , and was sent to London through the medium of private bids ; he , therefore , could not see what purpose the motion could possibly answer . thought the observations made by his noble friend ( Lord Grenville ) were not sufficiently answered by the noble lord opposite him . His noble friend had expressly stated , that the accounts moved for might not be perfect , but that they were the best , facts that could be obtained on the 646 subject ; and this the noble lord opposite did not attempt to disprove , and certainly had not pointed our where better could be obtained . His lordship thought , considering how widely spread and general these accounts would be , that they would constitute a very good criterion of the facts . He was surprised the noble lord should object to the motion on the ground of disseminating alarm , and wished purposely to enter his protest against any such doctrine as that of with holding information from the House on motives of that nature . He also objected to his lordship 's argument which referred to the notice given by his noble friend . Whatever his lordship might think on that subject , when brought forward , it could be no ground of discussion , now . As the motives assigned by the noble lord for dissenting from the motion were , in his mind , insufficient , he , of course , should give it the support he thought it entitled to . said , on inquiry , he understood the bill did expire the 26th inst . as he first mentioned , and did not subsist six weeks longer . said , he rather believed that was the case , as months in acts of Parliament were reckoned by lunar , and not calendar months , which made the difference.—The question was then put , and negatived without a division.—Adjourned . rose , and observed , that he did expect , in consequence of what had fallen in the course of discussion , a few sights since , that some account would have been laid before the House , respecting the remittances of salaries to the officers belonging to the Irish government resident in England at par . notwithstanding the great differences of exchange which have , since the union , continued to increase as against Ireland . Not seeing , however , any disposition to produce such an account , he felt it his duty to move , `` That there be laid before the House , an account of the remittances made from the Irish government to their officers , resident in this country , since the union , and paid to them at par , with the dates of such remittances and payment , and copies of the orders for such remittances . '' said , if the noble lord had not moved for the account now stated , he would himself have felt it his duty to have made the motion . On the matter having been mentioned by the noble lord a few nights since , no person could be more solicitous titan he was to have it