amount of the value of those below 5l . '' Ordered . moved the order of the day , for renewing the debate on the motion for excusing Mr. Pedley from his attendance on the Waterford committee . said , he conceived it to be his duty to state to the house , that affairs of an urgent nature having called the hon.gent . mentioned in the motion , to the island of Jamaica , and that the gentleman having long since taken his passage , it was moved that he obtain leave of absence from the committee on the Waterford election , on * The following is the circumstance to which the hon . member alluded : —In consequence of the great inconvenience experienced at Portsmouth from the scarcity of cash , a meeting was held , pursuant to advertisement , at the Guildhall of that place , on the 22d of November . The mayor presided ; and , after some discussion on the means of alleviating the difficulties and inconveniences so , seriously felt at Portsmouth and Portsea , for the want of gold and silver for the purposes of trade , it was unanimously resolved , that dollars should be admitted into temporary currency , at 4s . 9d . each , but that no person should engage to take more than four in one payment ; and French crowns at 5s . and half crowns at 2s . 6d . 54 which he was appointed . The question being put , rose . He recapitulated what he had said on the preceding evening . He stated farther , that the hon.gent . alluded to had spent seventeen or eighteen years in the island of Jamaica , and had only lately left it . It was scarcely probable , therefore , that a man in such circumstances should have left his affairs in such a situation , as not again to require his personal presence . The hon.gent . entered further into a minute discussion of the observations of the Attorney General on the preceding evening , and endeavoured to obviate that right hon . gentleman 's objections . He stated , that it would be a very hard case , indeed , if gentlemen should be excluded from attendance on their own private and most interesting affairs ; affairs in which their happiness and personal respectability were deeply implicated , merely because they had been appointed on a committee , the business of which might be otherwise executed without , injury to the public . He appealed to the feelings of the house . Was it a case to which anygent . present would wish , to submit . He alluded to a precedent , where nine out of fifteen had sat and transacted the busines of an election committee , whereas even in case of the hon . gentleman 's absence , there would still , according to the Attorney General , be eleven on the Water-ford committee . rose . It was far , he said , from his intention to oppose the private interests of any member of that ; house , and in regard to the gentleman alluded to , he would be the last to throw any obstruction in his way . So much was this the case indeed , he said , that if the question , were at this moment put , it would be more agreeable to find that the gentleman should obtain leave of absence than that he should not . To be refused , indeed , in such circumstances , he thought would be a very hard case ; and let it be brought home to the feelings of any gentleman here present , he was as sensible as the hon.gent . who , spoke last , that no one could deny the force of his argument . The hon.gent . had stated that he had said the whole of the business would be at a stand , should more of the members be absent than now were . This was not directly the idea he had expressed . He had meant to say ,