April , and it was under the consideration of government whether it would be most advisable to bring in an explanatory bill in the list instance , or to constitute a process for the recovery of such penalties , and then by a bill to stay proceedings . The House , therefore , would doubtless be of opinion , that no such penalties ought to be levied . moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee on the Volunteer Bill . He expressed an opinion that as there were several amendments to make , and several clauses to bring up , it would be most advisable to go through those amendments and clauses , in order that the whole might be printed , and debate the principle , if it was thought necessary , on the report.—On the question being put for the Speaker 's leaving the chair . said , I rise , Sir , not so much with an intention to oppose your leaving the chair , as to delay it . We have time enough to discuss the provisions of this bill , even if they were , what I do not think they are , very material or very urgent . Other objects , infinitely more important and more pressing , seem to me to demand a previous consideration . They are not unconnected with the general purpose of the bill . On the contrary , they are essentially connected with it . A measure of national defence is brought before us . To know whether it is judiciously contrived , and likely to answer the purpose it professes , you must consider what your danger is ; to understand your danger , you must look at the situation of the country in all its circumstances and relations . This is not a mere question of military defence against a foreign for , but whether our situation , on the whole , constitutes a state of national security , or extreme peril ? I speak with greater anxiety and concern on my mind than I ever experienced in this House , because I seriously feel the truth of what others say , without feeling it so deeply as they ought to do . At least it so appears to me to be too much the habit of this House , and indeed of the public . We talk of our danger in very proper terms that it is imminent that the crisis 573 is awful , terrible , and tremendous . Gentlemen use these phrases till they are hacknied and make no impression . We are not deficient in strong expressions about the case , but we are extremely cautious about what we say of the causes and the authors ; as if all our duties were comprised in the personal prudence of not giving offence , lake care how you offend this or that great person ; be guarded in your terms ; be delicate in your allusions . And this they say at the approach of the greatest hazard , and with the prospect of the greatest calamities to the nation . I am not at all disposed to follow these prudential maxims . I will not make an apology or look out for a shelter for doing that which I think an essential duty , and which the present moment imperiously demands of me . This insignificant bill may wait till other topics are discussed . Not that I mean to go far into the discussion of them ; but rather to suggest them to the consideration of some gentlemen who are better qualified , and have more authority to in force them . In order to make an effectual provision for what is to come , we must look back to what is past . You might as well say that you may have wisdom without experience , as to talk of remedies against an existing or an impending mischief , without reverting to the false steps which have brought you into it . I do not mean to argue now about the justice or