in the country who had any opportunity of judging . The right hon . gent , stood alone ; his sentiment was complete singular . He decided , however , from theory , for had he seen the 28.000 men who assembled in Hyde Park , he must hove changed his opinion . But at that time he was seeking the distinction of a command in a volunteer corps in Norfolk—a distinction he argued against this evening as to mischievous . But as to democracy , he could net help saying , that this Was the queerest part of the right hon . gentleman 's charge upon the volunteers , for he appealed to the House whether there was one other man in the country , except himself , who would accuse the right hon . gent , or ministers , of being likely to favour democracy . What , he would ask , would the right hon . gent , propose to do with the volunteers ? Would he have them quit being volunteers in order to make peasantry pf them ? and how would he provide a force for the defence of the country ? But really the right hon . gent. , who was himself an officer in a volunteer corps , and aspiring to the rank of colonel , could not be serious in the objections he made to the volunteer institution . If he was , instead of applying to him the quotation `` His own example strengthened all his laws ; '' It should be `` His own example weakened all his laws.— '' But no doubt , as a military man , he would soon have to change his position , '' which he had contrived to do as a politician . `` However , '' observed the hon . member , `` let the right hon . gent change as he may , I shall con- 298 tinue to esteem the volunteers , among whom I should be happy to enrol myself ; and , as 'the right hon . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) has so well trained a corps under his command , I would be glad to enter into his service . I have served for many years as a private in the ranks against him , and now am ready , if the French should attend to approach our shores , to offer him my services , and hope he will accept of them . supported Mr. Windham 's arguments . On the subject of charging sides and doctrines , no person he said , had varied so much as his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Erkine ) who spoke now quite in an opposite strain from that which he held in the last war . He condemned the ideas of military obedience which the volunteer corps had formed . Some of them engaged to obey all lawful commands of their officers , reserving of course to themselves the right of judging the legality , than which nothing could be more to reign to the character of a soldier . He did not distrust English valour , but he thought half discipline a dangerous doing . He could not be thoroughly satisfied with a force which required so much to be done to keep it in good humour . All that had been said went to prove , that we should have in the volunteers , good-humoured soldiers , and aimable captains . If the great talents of the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) were not sufficient to make him an officer without experience , what was to be expected from others ? The present enormous bounties were a grievous evil ; and to this they were to be imputed . The learned doctor concluded with again impressing the arguments of his right hon . friend Mr. Windham . wished merely to state the fact as to the charge that the present military system destroyed the ordinary recruiting.—Fie ventured , on the general impression he had , to deny the fact . The ordinary recruiting was impaired