merit . It is , I allow , an event deeply to be deplored ; and I should be the last man in the world who would mean to say any thing in extenuation of murder ; but I wish the matter should not be exaggerated , in order to throw an additional degree of odium on the government . How can it be supposed that 400 of the mob of Dublin , half drunk , should be capable of putting to a risque the security and safety of the metropolis , guarded at the same moment by a garrison amounting to 4000 disciplined regular forces.—My arguments on a former occasion , respecting the state of Ireland , 764 have been adverted to , as describing that country in a different situation to what it had at a subsequent period of no great distance of time , turned out to be . I then said , that in my opinion , `` if the French should land there , every loyal man would join to oppose them from patriotism , and every Jacobin would do the same from the principle of revenge . '' think what I then delivered as my own sentiments have been since very folly illustrated and proved by the declaration of Emmett , who is generally allowed to have/been the most enthusiastic of all the rebel leaders . On his trial , he expressly declared , that if the French were to land , he would oppose them to the utmost with fire and sword . This declaration has been fully confirmed by that of I Russell , who , though not so enthusiastic , was reckoned the most steady of all the rebel chiefs.—I beg leave to say but one word more , and that is , on the allusion that has been made to the correspondence between : the Lord Chancellor of Ireland , and the Earl of Fingal . I regret that this correspondence I has been brought before the public ; and I can not help thinking , that next to the impropriety of publishing those letters , that of I bringing them into discussion in this place , or indeed , I might say , in any place whatever , is the most to be deprecated . I can not , however , agree with the right hon . gent , that these letters discover what he terms the animus of government . I do not conceive that government is , or ought to be supposed answerable for the conduct of judicial characters . The great personage who ins been alluded to , only acted as Lord Chancellor , and if he has in his judicial character mixed any thing that is political in its ; tendency , it might , perhaps , be wished that he had not done so ; for it strikes me , that judicial characters should interfere , as little , as possible , with politics . Such an interference may often be inconvenient and seldom useful : still , however , I contend , that it is no proof of any particular animus in the government , nor ought the government to be answerable for it . I consider the present motion as altogether unnecessary , especially after so long a time has elapsed ; and as such I shall give it my most decided negative . —Sir ; as I happened to be in Ireland at the time when the insurrection broke out , I hope I shall be indulged with the opportunity of shortly delivering my opinions on the subject . I am willing to give the hon . baronet every degree of credit for the purity of his intentions in bringing forward the present motion ; but I think 765 it a fair subject of inquiry , how far die agitation of such an inquiry , under existing circumstances , can be either advantageous or politic . I wish to ascertain precisely what are the objects to which the motion is meant to apply . As far as I understand its objects , they are either through the medium of reference to