finding myself in so noisy a place , in so quiet a country . I trust I can not be accused of inconsistency in calling this a very extraordinary proceeding , since , while an inquiry is proposed to be instituted , which has for its object the censure of the Admiralty , we find all the enemy 's ports sealed up , our commerce protected in every direction , and our trade prosperous In an unexampled degree . If I recollect right , there was a time when the right hon . gent , was unbounded in his expressions of esteem for the capacity and talents of the First Lord of the Admiralty , and I should wish to know-how long it is since he has changed his mind respecting that noble lord . It can not be out of the recollection of the House , that the right hon . gent , spoke in terms of the highest panegyric of Lord St. Vincent , and that when he recommended others to fill situations under government , as likely to execute the duties of their office with credit , he mentioned the noble earl as one so admirably qualified to preside over the naval department , that the whole country looked un to him as the only person fitted for the First Lord of the Admiralty . The only difference then , between me and the right hon . gent , is , that he has changed an opinion , which he solemnly delivered in this House , and that I have adhered to the sentiments which he stated , strictly coinciding as they did with my own feelings . `` With respect to the great talents of Earl St. Vincent , let me say , although they can derive no support from my feeble praise , that I believe no roan is superior to him as an admiral ; and I am confident that I shall be borne out by the unanimous voice of the public , when I state that his services have been no less splendid , than productive of the most solid and permanent advantages . I also know , 883 that such is his patriotism and his sense of honour , that the noble lord would rather suffer every thing , than lose what he values beyond all other considerations , the confidence of his countrymen . The right hon . gent. , altogether unmindful of the compliments which he before passed on Lord St. Vincent , now brings forward a charge of incapacity against him ; for , by all his motions , nothing less is meant ; and we are called upon to decide , that there is a glaring want of skill in the First Lord of the Admiralty , for which the right hon . gent . is to find an adequate remedy . We all know the pre-eminent merits of the right hon . gent , as a volunteer ; we know how very much the country is indebted to him for his exertions in that line ; but still , I trust , lie will excuse me , when I assure him that , I think the land service quite enough for him , without taking any part in the sea-service . But the right hon . gent , says , `` agree to my motions grant me the papers which I demand , and I shall undertake to prove all my assertions . '' I say , no ; we must , in that case , necessarily have an inquiry ; and upon what grounds am I to understand that an inquiry is admitted by the country to be proper at this moment ? The details which must take place would be long and complicated , and they must go to criminate Lord St. Vincent , or give to the right hon . gent , a hold to move for more papers . I am at a loss to conceive how the measure can , for a single instant , be entertained by the Mouse , when no cause , no fact , is brought forward in