injustice of the war , but shortly to compare the conduct and the progress of it , with the principle which it originally assumed , and the character it out with . In going to war for the preservation of a rock in the Mediterranean , of which we were in possession , we asserted a high station is the society of nations ; we took the most eminent ground of national dignity , elevated pretensions , foreign dominion , and possibly of laudable ambition . No man thought or said that it was a war of domestic security , or for the mere defence of the two islands . What followed ? This war of dignity and ambition had not been three months old , before a plan was delivered out by authority for defending the capital by lines of circumvallation ! A more unmilitary idea , or more universally reprobated by all the great military authorities , did never enter into the mind of a rational government . But I do not now arraign it in that sense . I compare it with the high pretensions of the war , and then I say , that a more degrading act of national humiliation in the eyes of all Europe , can not be imagined . What have we been doing ever since ? Why , Sir , it is said that we have provided for the security 574 of Great-Britain and Ireland . Whether we have done so or not remains to be tried . But granting the fact , to what docs it amount to , but that with a garrison of near 600,000 men in arms , we are able to defend the two islands ? There is our glory and there it ends . The war then on cur side , is purely and strictly defensive , and in all appearance it never can be any thing else . But what is 3 defensive war ? What is a war in which you can not offend your enemy ? in which you must perpetually wait and watch his motions , and be . perfectly satisfied if you can parry his attacks ? This was not the principle on which that wise personage Queen Elizabeth acted in parallel circumstances . Her language was , that `` having advised with herself , she was resolved either to make war or peace , for via di mezzo was very unsafe ; and besides a course of continual charge : continual fear and to stand only on the defensive was to live at the discretion of her enemies . '' Such was her wisdom , I or such were the counsels of the great men who advised her ; of Raleigh , of Walsingham , of Burleigh , whose characters , I presume , will not suffer much by comparison with that of the gent , opposite to me . Bur I after all , have we fully provided even for our defence ? That we have sufficient physical force , I do not dispute . But have we the directing mind ? Another view of our state is indeed most melancholy , and open I to the most distressing consequences . Does ; any man in the House know with certainty , or can he assert with confidence , that at this moment , when all the faculties of life country are most wanted , die constitution is in real and practical possession of its executive ; power ? The explanation ? given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , have thrown no light on that question . All we could collect from him was that he was better informed than other persons who ought to have known best.—His Majesty 's Secretary of State has declared , that strict faith must be kept with the several corps of volunteers , according to the terms of their respective compacts with government ; and that , if any of them should persist in claiming a right to choose their officers , on which their engagements were offered and accepted , he shall hold himself bound to advise his Majesty to