measures ; but they were excessively mistaken if they supposed , because that fear had so much effect upon themselves , that therefore it would have an equal effect upon the minds and conduct of others . He was told by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Hiley Addington ) on a former night , that he was detested by the volunteers ; he also heard it said , that it was dangerous for certain gentlemen to walk the streets , for the same reason . This might be intended as a joke rather than a serious warning ; but it was a dangerous joke , and did not acquire much facetiousness from the manner of the persons who uttered it.—He would not now dwell upon other instances of misconduct in the volunteers , particularly a memorable one , to which he had formerly adverted , namely , the riot at Chester . However little he might be disposed to call for any thing like vindictive vengeance in that case , or to look upon cases of that sort in general , `` As if the nation ne'er could thrive , `` Till every rioter were burnt alive , '' yet he must say , that it was a marked and shocking instance of that sort of subjection in which the government was to the volunteer body , and of subjection manifested in the way least to be endured , viz . by art unequal and partial distribution of criminal justice.—An immense objection , there-there , was on this score to be urged against any measure of which the tendency and object was to perpetuate the volunteer system ; not to mention , at present , those other numerous objections which he had often had occasion to advert to ; viz . the disturbance given , and the confusion introduced into all the relations and functions of civil life , and the fatal effect of weakening , and absolutely reducing to I nothing , those distinctions which had hi- 983 therto been appropriate to military men , and which , with the sentiments belonging to such men , they had hitherto been willing to accept in lieu of more solid advantages.—But he would confine himself at present to what related merely to defence : and to say upon this head , that the volunteer system , with the exemptions granted to them , had no effect upon the supply of the other services , was something so extravagant , that he could not understand how it could be seriously asserted . The exemptions , as was evident , operated in no less than four ways.—They , 1st , us was notorious , exhausted , in many instances , the very population of the parish or district from which the supply was to come . They , 2dly , by being conferred principally on the young unmarried men , who were the first to enter into the volunteer corps , threw the ballot in a greater proportion on those who , when drawn , were the least likely to serve in person , and who , in consequence , in proportion to their numbers , would require a greater number of substitutes . Thirdly , while they thus increased the demand , they , by protecting men from the danger of the ballot , lessened the number of those who might be willing to engage as substitutes ; and , lastly , when they did not absolutely produce the effect of preventing men from so engaging , they put them at least in a situation in which they could bargain to much greater advantage , and were not likely to engage but from the temptation of higher terms . In every one of these ways the exemptions had a direct and necessary tendency to increase the rate of bounty , and of consequence to bring it to that state , in which it actually was , and in which recruiting for the army could no longer go on . If an instance were wanting , lie might take the army of reserve , which , in spite of all