( for which latter purpose too , as was obvious , more would be required the larger was the force already raised ) , would render these ballots perhaps not much less burthensome than they bad been at any preceding period.—So much as to the oppression of this system , armed as it was . with a power such as he had described , which the present bill both confirmed and ' extended , and which it seemed extremely difficult to take away . Its injurious effect on all the other species of force he must still ' maintain , notwithstanding the specious statements made on the other side . First , as to the fact . Whatever the numbers might be , produced by recruiting during the last seven months , as compared with the produce of an equal number of months during an antecedent period , and however small the proportional dimininution which appeared to have taken place in the latter instance , he must still insist upon some strong and hard facts , namely , that in many regiments the return per month was not more 337 than two , and sometimes not so much : and that in one of the largest recruiting districts , comprising many extensive and not unfavourable counties , the rate of recruiting per month was not more than seven or eight . Now , when this was so , let the gross numbers be what they would , he must contend that recruiting was nearly at a stand , taking the question upon the footing on which it ought to be taken , as a comparison between he supply and consumption , between what was gained to the army in recruits , and what was lost by desertion , death , invaliding , and discharges . But , next , as to the reasoning . Proportion , which the hon . gentlemen dwelt so much upon , that is to say , the proportionate abatement in the numbers at that time recruited , compared with those recruited in equal periods formerly , was not that on which the question properly turned . Proportion in abstract quantities had place among the smallest as perfectly as among the greatest . If the hon . gentlemen had a mind to be very deeply learned , they might tell us of the proportion of one nothing to another nothing and such a consideration would be very far from inapplicable to much of their recruiting . But in common concerns they must apply to proportion , what is said of law , de minimis non curat lex . If a regiment , which formerly recruited three a month , now recruited two , you were not obliged to say , that recruiting in that regiment had declined one-third , nor on the other hand could you be entitled to say , that it had declined one-third . Such variations would happen by chance , and by a law consequently wholly different from that of proportion . No conclusion , therefore , could be drawn from such instances separately considered : and if a judgment ? were to be formed , as it ought to be , from the whole state of facts taken together , it would be the very reverse of that meant to be established by the hon . gentlemen ; who , instead of saying the recruiting during the existence of these causes , ( viz the immense bounties ; the great extent of the militia force ; the 400,000 men locked up as volunteers , & c. has been so and so ; therefore these causes have not operated to its disadvantage , ought to say , the recruiting being what it is , notwithstanding the operation of these causes , which must have acted so powerfully against it , what would ii not have been , had these been removed , and other new causes , which must be presumed to have arisen , have been left to produce their natural effect ? This he must contend was the legitimate conclusion . It was not in the nature of things ,