the judges in this instance had declared his opinion wrong , and he should not now have adverted to it but for the notice that some gentlemen had taken of it , and lest he should be deemed shy , because he had been wrong . He again noticed the mischievous tendency of the idea that every alteration in the volunteer duties was a breach of faith . in explanation , said , he never meant to assert that government should canvass the opinion of the House before they brought forward any plan . What he meant was , that the House should do in this case as it had in most others of like importance , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , where the subject might be more fully discussed , and government bring forward their present plans in the shape of re-solutions . rose , not to debate at large the whole of the proposed bill in detail , as there would be many opportunities for doing that in the coarse of '' its subsequent stages , but to abide by the injunction of the right hon . Secretary on the opening of his proposition , by receiving from him calmly the explanation he had to give , and deferring debate upon the subject to a future opportunity ; he could not , however , leave that House without expressing his surprize and astonishment , in common with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , at the explanation he had given . He coincided in the judicious suggestion of the learned grent . under the gallery ( Mr. Sturges ) , notwithstanding the manner in which his opinion had been attacked by the Attorney General , and from which it would seem almost criminal to call in question the consummate wisdom of his Majesty 's ministers , upon a subject on which they had already displayed so much 459 versatility of opinions and conduct . He could not , however , see the criminality of suggesting to his Majesty 's ministers , the propriety of an appeal to the united wisdom of that House , upon bringing forward a question of such vital importance , instead of coming forward wish one so utterly and to tally inadequate to the object proposed . It was not his intention to have said so much in the present stage of the . business ; but bin object in rising was to defend the right and necessity of appeal to a committee of the whole House , upon a measure of so much importance ; and for the suggestion of which so much censure had been thrown upon the hon . and learned gent . He should not now argue , whether or not the dismissal of a corps for asserting the right of electing their officers , was or was not a breach of faith on the part of government ; but he sincerely I recommended to his Majesty 's ministers , I before they brought forward the question for ultimate discussion , to make up their minds , and learn to agree with each other upon the point , for this night they seemed at variance . The right hon . Secretary asserted that the right of electing officers never was possessed by the volunteers , and that the denial of right was no breach of faith . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) argued as if it was a breach of faith ; for though he stated such a claim to be a violation of the military principle , and so far agreed with his right hon . colleague , yet much as he admired and loved that principle , he thought it good in some cases only to be departed from ; for he insisted , that the Crown should most tenaciously keep faith with the volunteers upon this point . The right hon . See of State asserted the right of the Crown to dismiss any corps asserting such a privilege ; and the noble lord , while he admitted the right of the Crown , insisted upon the necessity