deluded subjects as have swerved from their allegiance are now convinced of their error , and that having compared the advantages they enjoy from the protection of a free constitution , with the condition of those countries which are under the dominion of the French government , they will cordially and zealously concur in resisting any attempt that may be made against the security and independence of the United Kingdom . I admit , with the hon . gent. , that even to the worst of traitors justice is a debt which is due , but do not see how , in this instance , any injustice has been done to the leaders of the late rebellion in Ireland . The hon . gent . contends that it is unjust to attribute to the leaders of that rebellion any design of introducing French dominion into Ireland . I can not admit that the passage in question will fairly admit of such a construction . It is merely intended to convey this idea , that the deluded part of the population of Ireland , who might be disposed to employ French aid in destroying their connection with this country , would be diverted from their views by contemplating 26 the contrast betwixt the condition of their own country and the countries now groaning under the miseries of French domination . I have heard it said , and I see no reason to doubt it , that the leader in that insurrection , previous to the judgment of the court being pronounced on him , expressly declared his abhorrence of any alliance with the French government , and advised his deluded countrymen to consume the grass under the invader 's feet , rather than suffer their native land to he polluted by the footstep of a French soldier . It may be allowed that some of the persons making such declarations were in circumstances which lead us the less to doubt their sincerity . I will even concede to the hon . member , that some of the declarations might be true , but if it be meant to assert that none of the leaders of the late Irish rebellion were inclined to court an alliance with France , I must be permitted most peremptorily to deny such a position . I have the best means of knowing that such assertions are founded in gross falsehood . Let it be recollected too what happened during the rebellion . Let it be recollected that many of the leaders , though they had no idea of introducing a French government into their country , were not indisposed to admit French aid to enable them with more prospect of success to prosecute their own views . They were willing to admit this at the hazard of what they considered as a contingent , but what I must ever consider as a certain evil , the evil of being compelled to contend against French dominion , even after they had succeeded in separating themselves from this part of the empire . But let this be as it may , let the views of the Irish be as separate as possible from any notion of French alliance , my position is , that the contrast of their own condition , and that of those nations which the French government has subjugated , would induce them at all events to resist the common enemy of the civilized world . This contrast would , I am persuaded , operate as the strongest inducement for them to abstain from the prosecution of views which can only expose them to destruction . The hon . gent , says , that in the speech , instead of the hope expressed of such an event , it would have been better if the word wish had been introduced . Sir , I will tell that hon . gent , and also this house , that the persons whom his Majesty has called to his government , have not barely the wish , but a rational and well-grounded hope of the establishment of general and permanent tranquillity in that 27 country . Sir ,