very short time a great number of men . This return , therefore , was thought useful , in order to stimulate the counties to complete their numbers ; and he should move , that by the time the House should meet again , another return should be made , by which it would be seen in what proportion the quotas of the different counties were complete or imperfect . He concluded with moving , that there be laid before the House an account of the number of men raised for 334 the royal army of reserve , distinguishing the counties , those who had been rejected , those who died , those who were effective and present , together with the numbers due , including casualties.—Ordered . said , he was much grieved , that by not being present in the House the night before , he had lost the opportunity of offering some suggestions , which would , he conceived , materially have improved the bill . He did not expect that the Report would have been brought up before this day , and as it was competent to offer any improvements that occurred , upon the report , he had been , less anxious to attend in his place yesterday . It was true , that Reports were , in cases of urgency , immediately received : but this was not a case of urgency ; and the present ministers ought to have known more than any other men the propriety of leaving every measure before the House for as long a time as possible . The very bill which they now pressed forward so unnecessarily , arose from , that hasty spirit of legislation which left in every act doubts and ambiguities requiring further acts to remove them . The hon . gentlemen seemed particularly prone to this course of proceeding . They were fond of driving to an inch , of running every thing to the last moment . The consequence was , as it necessarily must be , that being obliged to act in a hurry , whatever they did was crude , ill considered , and full of mistakes . There were two modes , Dr. Johnson had observed , of composition ; one in which the several parts received from the writer , before they issued from his mind , all the perfection which he hoped to give to them ; the other , in which they were committed to paper in the first instance to be improved by subsequent correction . The hon . gentlemen , by the circumstances in which they placed themselves so constantly , seemed to prefer the latter of these modes . They threw down their first loose thoughts in an act of Parliament , trusting to future consideration and experience to bring them to something of a better shape . An act of Parliament wa3 their foul copy , in which it did not signify how many faults there were , as the Legislature would be able afterwards to set them right . Their preference to this mode was founded , he supposed , upon the observation of the poet , that poets Lost half the praise they should have got , Were it but known , what they discreetly blot . The hon . gentlemen did not choose to lose 335 this praise . They chose to compose in public ; and to have full credit both for their first conceptions , and for the successive improvements which changed them often to something utterly unlike what they had been originally . Though by this course of proceeding of the hon . gentlemen in the present instance , fee had lost the opportunity of suggesting his amendment in a stage when it might have been received , he should nevertheless mention it , with a view to occasions , when the volunteer system might be again under discussion . It was in fact , however , no more than what he had already urged on more occasions than one , viz . the putting a stop to exemptions with respect to those who should enter into