. member his kinsman , had signified his intention so to do ; it was honourable for both . He trusted the friends of Lord Hardwick would do the same , and to push the climax one step further , be thought , the right hon . gem . he Chancellor of the English Exchequer ought to do so likewise ; as he should not scruple to assert , that , in the vulgar consideration of this business , his name had been continually mentioned ; the government of Ireland with its yes open , and on the spot , could not nave acted the part they did , but for the express controul of the English cabinet.—Upon the score of Lord Hardwicke , he begged the House would indulge him with a word . He considered Lord Hardwicke as a high bred nobleman , of fine manners , and engaging address ; that for probity and integrity , he had never been surpassed ; and , that in his breast the God of nature had planted a heart as pure and immaculate , as ever reed in the bosom of man ; but , this was not die subject then under consideration . He thanked the House for the condescending attention they had been pleased to shew him ; he should of course vote for the committee . thought , that the House was much indebted to the noble lord who spoke last , n > t only for the important facts which he had furnished and the useful reflexions with which he had accompanied them , but for the pleasantry he . had introduced , and which , besides being very refreshing after so long a debate , was^ perhaps , the most forcible way of treating the question . There were some things so extravagant in their own nature , that nothing but ridicule could reach them `` Safe from the bar , the pulpit , and the throne , `` But touched and sham 'd by ridicule alone . '' the person undertaking to describe them was forced to have recourse to ridicule , from utter despair of doing justice to them by any direct or grave statement . Of this sort were the greater part of the allegations used on the present occasion in defence of the Irish government.—Before , however , he touched upon these , he must say a word upon the right of touching upon them , which seemed to be called in question , or , rather to be wholly set aside , by the doctrines of an hon . gent , who had spoke early . It had been said , that to make inquiry into 797 abuses in Ireland , and to employ the result of such inquiries as a means of attacking ministers , was to make a use of Ireland , which mast be considered as disrespectful to that country . But , if this was so , it must be equally disrespectful to England , to charge upon ministers any abuses which might be found in England ; and thus the government must be completely protected against a charge for abuses committed anywhere , if Irene alone were to be included in ( he rule , the effect must be to make Ireland a sort of repository and sanctuary for abuses , into which parliamentary control and inquiry `` runneth not , '' —a privilege which he and not conceive would be very honourable to her , or such as the hon . gent . alluded to would wish to claim in her behalf . He was in another view concerned at those opinions , inasmuch as they tended to draw distinctions between the two countries , which the union must be considered as having done away . There could , in reality , be no more distinction between the two countries than between any two counties of . Britain . Whether any one had opposed ; be union , as he believed was the case of the hon . gent. , or whether they had supported is a is his ease , ( though ,