as might be collected from the very expression of 'regiments of the line , ' could be formed only of troops trained to a certain degree of discipline and regularity . To form it otherwise , to put into the line corps which , from want of experience or instruction , might not maintain the part of the action allotted to them , would not only be to endanger the whole by that particular failure , but might in a thousand other ways , embarrass the operations of an army , and defeat the plans of a commander . Manœuvres must be calculated upon supposed qualifications in the troops and officers , who are to execute them . What must be the situation of a general , if when directing the execution of any pressing service—a hill , suppose , to be occupied , a post to be main- 171 tained , a wood to be defended , a redoubt to be stormed—in a crisis which left no leisure or deliberation or inquiry he must be comparing the characters of the different corps under his command , and be exposed , at last , to the uncertainties of troops , whose composition was unknown , whose conduct in a days of action was to be tried for the first time , and who , in the mode of service now proposed for them , might involve in their defeat or miscarriage , the discomfiture of the whole army . These were not objections to volunteers in general : so far from it , that he , on the contrary , had always contended for them , to a far greater extent , though on a far less expensive footing than that on which they were now established . His objections went only to volunteers , moulded into the forms , and destined for the sort of service which government had now assigned them . It was government which had given them this most false direction ; which by dressing them in red coats had betrayed , at once , the character in which they meant to consider them , and the use they meant to put them to , —a use for which they could never be made fit . This was the point on which he wished to insist . Ocher objections to the present system he should not no v dwell upon ; nor consider what might be the future danger arising to the state from bodies of armed men , subject to no regular authority , governed by committees and sub-committees , and having more the character of debating societies than of schools of military discipline . He was considering them merely as part of the defence of the country against a foreign enemy , and in this view he must recall to the attention of the House : first , the immense reduction to be made in our force , when , out of five or six hundred thousand , four were understood not to be soldiers , but only armed inhabitants ; and next , when these armed inhabitants were prepared and fashioned in a manner so little judicious , as in the plan now pursued . When to this was added , that by the exemptions given , contrary to the intentions of ministry , and by the mere effect of haste and oversight , numbers had latterly flocked into these corps , as a refuge from other service , and that so large a portion of the active population of the country was thereby-locked up , and withdrawn from the service either of the army of reserve or militia , ( the regular recruiting was out of the question ) ; he would leave to the House to judge what credit was to ho given to the hon . gentlemen on this head of the account . The 172 whole return , the whole force produced by the hon . gentlemen , after three millions expended , and with the command of an unlimited credit , was 1st . 400,000 volunteers , such as he had described , and whose formation operated ,