argue , that the plain , direct , common sense meaning of the clause was satisfied , and the mandatory injunctions of the act were fulfilled . The hon . gent had expressed his opposition to any argument drawn from precedents ; but , for his own part , he thought that there was no more fair or parliamentary mode of construing the meaning of acts of the legislature . The people of this country would have reason to complain that they were hardly dealt by , if after the lapse of thirteen years , in which numerous instances of petitions drawn up in similar terms being admitted to a Committee , they were , in consequence of a mere inadvertency , to be deprived of a most im- 396 portant constitutional privilege . The precedents were indeed so numerous , that during the first session after the meeting of Parliament , subsequent to the passing of the act , there was hardly one to be found of an opposite description . He alluded here to the petition presented after the general election in 1790 , and particularly noticed the petitions from Sterling , and Orkney and Shetland , which were both drawn up in terms similar to that now the subject of discussion ; there was , however , no objection to their being submitted to the consideration of a Committee.—A number of other petitions at that time were drawn in terms by no means the same as those which the hon . member contended to be essential . In many of them the petitioners described themselves as legal electors , or as freemen , but not as confining to the terms on which so much stress had been laid . The House were satisfied that the common sense meaning of the act had been fulfilled , and the petitions were sent to a Committee , for a decision of their merits . With all this body of precedents in their possession , he trusted that the House would not consent to entertain the hon . member 's proposition . Cases of a much weaker sort than that now before the House had been sustained . The petitioners had , prima facie , a right to be considered as electors from their common law right as freeholders . It would , he considered , be very unjust to consider them disqualified , from the mere circumstance of their omitting to state in so many words , that at the last election their right existed in full force . It would bear particularly hard on them at the moment when they were prepared to support their allegation , and to vindicate their claims as freeholders , to be stopped short , as the hon . member had proposed , and thus be debarred all opportunity of asserting their most valuable constitutional rights . They had , at farthest , only been guilty of following what was a common practice ; they had framed their petition on the same principles as that of which the Journals afforded numerous examples , and for this they were to be deprived of an opportunity of obtaining the redress of a grievance of the most serious and Oppressive kind ! While he contended for the claim of the petitioners to have their petition laid before a Committee , it was far , indeed , from his intention to affirm , that before that Committee their claims were without examination to be admitted . It was before the Committee that the real merits of the question were to be decided . In admitting the petition now , the House hazarded no opinion of any description . They left 397 the whole question open for the fullest consideration . If the petitioners had assumed a false character ; if they had imposed on the House by claims which were false , they would not eventually triumph by this fraud . Their falsehood would be detected , and they would softer the punishment which their duplicity would richly deserve . If they were women ; if they were minors , or if their qualification was below the legal