bank of Ireland notes into circulation , in which they had failed , though the meeting had been attended by above one hundred of the most respectable manufacturers , and they had agreed unanimously in their resolution , to remove this incumbrance of ten per cent , over and above the four per cent , on exportation . This charge must unavoidably affect the foreign markets , for while Irish manufacturers continued subject to it , there can 485 be no question that they will be undersold in any market where they have a competition with German , Prussian , or Russian manufacturers , not subject to such an impost , He should add one remark , that the discussion , though irregular , had already produced some advantages . Many things had come out , which would lead to future discussion . The bank of Ireland was a respectable company , and ought not to have an imputation cast upon it without investigation , or an opportunity of justification . Another point regarded the private banks . These circumstances called for investigation . Much light had been acquired ; much more would be thrown on the subject by future discussions . It would be for the House , in its wisdom , after mature and full investigation , to apply the necessary remedy . If no remedy should be found practicable , Parliament would have the consciousness and satisfaction of having done its duty ; and the unfortunate sufferers would submit with resignation to evils for which the legislature could devise no remedy . in explanation said , that the loss sustained by the linen manufacturer of Ireland , in consequence of being obliged to pay a premium of 2s . 4d . for a guinea , was somewhat ideal , as he was enabled to indemnity himself for that loss , by drawing upon his credit either at Dublin or London . in explanation , said , that his Majesty 's ministers had not been wanting in their duty with respect to the circulation of Ireland , as with their concurrence he brought in a bill last session to put a stop to the circulation of what were called silver notes in that country . In order , however , to give the Irish members an opportunity of discussing the subject , the bill was not to take effect till the first of January in the present year . The members from that country were , however , precluded from attending by their military duties , in consequence or which a bill was brought in , in the present session , to suspend the operations of the former bill , in order to give the Irish members an opportunity of amply and fully discussing the state of the circulation in Ireland . meant merely to point out one fact which would put down completely all the ingenuity which the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had employed to get rid of the remark of the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Thornton ) , that the excessive issue of paper had depreciated so greatly its value in Ireland . If the noble lord 's statement were just , then it would follow , that gold had risen as paper had fallen , and 5 per cent , would be the proportion in both cases . Bullion , which might 486 be coined into specie , could be procured in this country at par , and conveyed to Ireland at less than one and a half per cent . The enhancement of gold above that charge , therefore , he contended , was attributable solely to the excessive issue of paper . The hon . gent , thought that the House should , by limiting the operation of the bill to a short period , impose on itself the duty of resuming the subject , rather than by extending its operation , leave the revival of the question to the industry or discretion of individual members . denied that he had fixed any proportion . He had only maintained , that there were grounds to suppose the discount ,