the hon . gent , had something very grand and imposing , perfectly in the stile of many statements , which were heard in that House . The safety of the country was provided for , it might be said , by a vast mass of armed force amounting to not less than 500,000 men . He was tar from sure that the numbers might not even exceed these limits . But , of course , it was not to be supposed , that they were to take this statement merely as it stood in words , without inquiring a little , what this mass this fabrick consisted of : how much of it was of solid masonry , part of the whole standing force of the country ; how much was of a later date and less regular construction ; how much might be composed of materials still more recently collected , and more hastily put together , and be liable , in consequence , to various cracks 167 and settlements ; and what portion of it was mere lath and plaster , not distinguishable , perhaps , by the eye , and seeming to be a continuation of the same front , but no more the same with it , in reality , than one of the new temporary barracks , of which they might expect to hear so much soon , was to be considered as a building of the same sort with St. Paul 's or Westminster Abbey . It would be found , upon examination , and when this great building came to be regularly surveyed , that a very small part indeed ; was regular army ; that a large portion of it was militia ; that another less considerable part was army of reserve ; but that three-fourths of the whole was the more levy in mass , moulded into the form , and known under the title , of volunteer corps . This is not what would have been understood , at least without explanation , in a report of the force of France , or Austria , or Prussia , or any other military power . Of the two first descriptions of force here enumerated , it was not necessary to say much . The regular army was what they had always known the regular army to be , and never more , than during the whole of the period of the late war . The militia had long been Wrought to a high degree of excellence , and was at that time , perhaps , in as great perfection as it was possible for troops to attain , of whom neither officers nor men could have had the benefit of actual service . Of the army of reserve the character must be for some time continually changing , according to their progress in training , and according to the manner in which the men were disposed of , either as selected , and incorporated into old battalions ; making however , a very incommodious mixture of men serving upon different tenures ; or as put together in battalions by themselves . But in neither way could they be considered , for some time at least , as fit to be classed with the regular troops ; nor would it be possible at any time for those so to class them , who refused to admit to the description of a soldier , any man whose engagement of service did not extend to term of life . It would be curious indeed , if those who resisted most pertinaciously , and at the hazard even of having no army , every attempt to change the service of the line from life to term of years , should now find out that soldiers serving both for term of years , and for service within the realm only , were entitled to reckon as part of the regular army . Cut a great portion of these were , for the present , good for no service either without or within the realm . They were men newly collected 168 together with their pockets