; and now comes this provision , which clogs and binds up the will and right of the individual in the offer of a majority to serve during the war . It is neither more nor less than a downright breach of faith ; and if the clause was not altered , he would vote against the bill altogether . said , he was delivered from a great deal of anxiety , by the declaration of the right hon . gent , opposite to him , upon the extension of the bill.—He hoped also , that the right hon . gent , would , upon reflection , feel the propriety of altering the clause , to which the hon . gent , who spoke last , had objected . He meant the clause , which prevented all volunteers from resigning , who had already agreed to continue their services during the war . This clause , he apprehended , the House could not persist in , consistently with the judgment of the Court of King 's Bench , and the declarations of ministers subsequent to that decision , slating , that it that had not been declared to be the law , they intended to propose that it should become the law . Now , what was the ground of the decision of the Court of King 's Bench upon the question , whether a volunteer had power to resign ? It was not furred on the construction but the nature of the , 935 service . If a man came out under arms I upon ( he occasion of an invasion , what was the duration of his engagement ? The du1ration of that engagement was , as long as the enemy continues in the country , whose entrance into it created that service ; but that continuance was not necessarily , and at ill events the same as the duration of the war . Since the judgment of the Court of King 's Bench had been given , some volunteer corps had come forward and offered their services during the war ; he thought the clause , as it now stood , was too general with regard to such corps . He thought that this bill ought not to tie any volunteers down to any thing that they had hitherto done , but that , before their services should be declared permanent , and that they should not be at liberty to retire from the service , they should be all asked by their commanding officer , `` Will you now , knowing as you do , that yon are at liberty to retire if you think fit , wave that right , and agree to serve during this war `` If afterwards they assented to this proposition , it might be binding on them : but he would not approve of fastening this permanency of service upon them for any thing they had already done , because that would be imposing terms upon some volunteers which could not effort others . If any one general system of enactment was proposed , by which all his Majesty 's subjects were to be affected alike , the volunteers would have no reason to complain , nor would they complain he was confident ; but they should not be selected as persons on whom any terms should be fastened different from any other class of his Majesty 's subjects . considered that many of the observations already made were premature , as none of the amendments suggested could be made in the present stage of the debate . As to the point of good faith , with the volunteers , government had always made it their ruling principle , in every transaction relative to them ; and he should never , for a moment , think of departing from the most scrupulous good faith and attention to that excellent body of men.—He , therefore , thought , that rather than admit even of a doubt on the subject , he would leave the matter as it stood before , and leave out the proviso altogether . But in what related