under the Mutiny Bill , was allowed in any port of the British dominions , with the exception only of the slave coast and Botany Bay , where , from circumstances , it was impossible to apply the general rule . From the first of these places , he was sure one hon . member ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) would not be ready to draw any precedent ; and he was himself , and he believed the House would be , as little disposed to take one from the second . It was utterly impossible to assign any reason why , in a country like Ireland where so large an army was stationed , so small a number of offices was allowed to forma court martial . A want of officers could certainly not be pleaded . The learned member then urged the impolicy of suffering martial law to remain in existence a moment longer than was absolutely necessary . To shorten the dominion of the sword , and to bring back society to its original state , had always been the wish of every wise legislator . In the opinion of mankind no disgrace attached to the memory of those who fell in a state of warfare . But very different was the case of those who suffered by the operation of the laws . A solemn verdict of persons , who perhaps , were their neighbours , of men without passion or prejudice , established their guilt , and their guilt were for ever branded with ignominy . This was felt by one of the leaders of the late insurrection ( Emmet ) when he was taken , and an apology was made for his being hurt in the struggle , he replied , that every thing was fair in war ; but when he was sentenced by a jury of his countrymen , his feelings ware very different : conscious of the shame that was incurred by his end , he desired that no man might write his epitaph . Having enforced , at considerable length , the various heads of argument , the hon . member concluded by expressing his disapprobation of the measure now before the House . considered the bill before the House merely as a measure of precaution , and by no means one upon which the 127 noble lord at the head of the administration in Ireland would be disposed to act without the most urgent and indispensable necessity . He knew that noble lord , and was convinced of his disposition . He was a member of the Irish parliament when a similar measure was originally enacted . He ; had the honour also of serving a ; a general on the staff in that country , when the noble lord opposite to him was chief secretary ( Lord Castlereagh ) ; and he could assure the House , that even then , when the country was very generally agitated by a rebellious disposition , martial law was only resorted to in those counties or districts where the King 's judges were prevented by insurrection from going their regular circuits , to carry into effect the common law of the land . The government of Ireland , he was well assured , would not resort to it but when it was found absolutely necessary for the preservation of the state . observed , that the whole of she hon . and learned gentleman 's arguments were directed against the bill , as if it were intended to be carried into adoption permanently and universally throughout Ireland : whereas it was merely intended to be temporary , and only to be acted on in such places as those wherein the ordinary process of the law should be impeded ; so far , however , from its being a measure subversive of the common law , or tending to supersede generally the ordinary course of justice , it was in fact solely intended as a measure auxiliary to the common Jaw , and tending to protect its administration by proceeding in the summary process of martial Jaw in districts where rebellion or