not at that time competent to give . observed that there were two distinct questions for the house to consider : first , whether it should be its pleasure , for the furtherance of justice , to enable the committee to proceed , by discharging Mr. Grant from further attendance ; secondly , what conduct it would be its pleasure to adopt , wish respect to the hon . member who had absented himself from his duty . These questions were wholly distinct , and it would be for the house to determine in what manner it should think proper to dispose of them . There was a case in point on the journals . It was the case of Mr. Booth Grey , who , 42 removing from town on urgent business pending the sitting of a committee , of which he was a member , wrote a letter to die chairman , stating the circumstance , and requesting him to communicate the same to the house . On the letter being produced , he was discharged from further attendance ort the committee , but ordered to attend in his place on a certain day , and account for his absence . concurred with the sentiments that had fallen from the chair . He had no objection to discharge the hon . member from further attendance , in order to enable the committee to proceed , provided it could not operate to limit the discretion of the house , as to the conduct it may think proper to adopt with respect to the defaulter . He , however , submitted , whether the object of the motion might not be attained as well by wording it differently , that is , `` to enable the committee to proceed , notwithstanding the absence of this member . '' concurred in the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and observed that the object of the hon . chairman would be fully effected by so wording his motion , which had been drawn up in the other form with an unintentional inaccuracy . did not think the case of Mr. Grey applicable in the present instance . In that case Mr. Grey had appeared by letter before the house , in the present there was no appearance whatever : and he trusted that for the regularity of the proceedings of the House , they would not suffer such a resolution to be placed on their journals , without being accompanied by a good and sufficient reason for the ground on which they had adopted it . agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) that such a proceeding should not appear on their journals without some document to shew why it had been adopted . He submitted to the hon . member ( Mr. Charles Grant ) , whether he might not put what he had already stated in that form to the house , whereby it would be justified in agreeing to the consequent preceedings.—Mr . C. Grant 's statement was then entered on the journals , as the ground on which the house assented to the following motions : 1st . That F. W. Grant , Esq . be discharged from farther attendance on the committee . 2d . That the committee be enabled to proceed notwithstanding his absence ; and , 3d That F. W. Grant , Esq . be ordered to at tend in his place on Wednesday tha seventh day of December next . rose , pursuant to the notice he had given , to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the desertion and escape of petty officers , seamen , and others , from his Majesty 's service , by means or under colour of any civil or criminal process . He should detain the house , but a very short time , in stating the grounds and principles of the measure he proposed to bring forward . There were too many convincing proofs , that the processes of law had been frequently perverted , for the purpose of enabling individuals to escape from the , naval service