clearly of opinion , that whatever else it may become our duty to do , whether it may become necessary for us to institute a parliamentary inquiry or not , still that in the mean time we ought not to abandon our functions , but to proceed as tar as possible with those measures , which are calculated to add to the defence and security of the country ; by which means we shall avoid the mischief of unnecessary delay and diminish the evil which must exist , even from the interval of interruption of the royal functions , which has already taken place . If , then , there be any weight in these considerations , hope we shall not now adjourn : indeed we ought not to adjourn , even upon the principles of the hon . baronet who made the motion ; because , if further communication is necessary , most unquestionably the Mouse ought to sit to put itself in a situ- 521 ation of hearing it . If any further interval is to elapse , before a communication takes place , still there is the same objection to the motion for ajournment ; because , though I do not mean to throw out any insinuation against ministers , and though they have no temptation whatever to act wrong , yet it can not for a moment be doubted , but , at such a moment , and under such circumstances , it is the duty of Parliament to continue sitting.—I Under these circumstances , I entertain a strong hope , that the House will look dispassionately at the present state of public affairs , because it is one which ought to suspend every idea of party dissention ; this is not a moment for any man , or set of men , to endeavour to obtain a triumph over their opponents . The crisis is much too serious and : awful . The danger with which the country is threatened is great enough , without aggravating it by personal animosities or party dissentions . In mentioning the danger with which the country is threatened , I wish to be understood , that , in my opinion , nothing can render that danger fatal but a spirit of animosity prevailing among men of weight and consideration in the country . Unanimity is now more than ever desirable . I mean as to great and essential measures : as to the ordinary business of Parliament , I see no reason why the House should not debate them now , as well as at any other period , and therefore it is , that I am desirous that we should now , enter upon the business appointed for discussion this day . I rise , Sir , to submit a few observations to the House , in consequence of what has fallen from different gentlemen in the course of this most interesting discussion . My right honourable friend who has just sat down , has argued this question , as if the adjournment proposed by the motion , was meant to take place for some time , and to suspend the Junctions of Parliament ; but , assuredly , that is not the intention of the honourable baronet who made the motion ; if it was , I certainly could not give it my support . The motion merely means , as I understand it , tin adjournment for this day.—Before , Sir , I proceed any further , I beg to return my thanks to the honourable baronet , who brought forward the present question . In making the motion which he has submitted to the House , he has performed a duty incumbent on every member of the House , but one which I am sorry to say , many of us would not have possessed sufficient fortitude to perform . For my own part , I am free to declare , that I should have left the House sorrowful and dejected , if the subject which 522 the honourable baronet has brought under discussion had escaped animadversion.—In answer to the Chancellor of the Exchequer ,