. For , whatever variety of opinions there may be , as to the details , yet I will maintain , that the man who shall deny that the art of fortification affords great resources in defensive war , must be wholly ignorant of the military science , and equally ignorant of military history . The timely erection of good works would have greatly increased the difficulties of landing , would have retarded the enemy 's progress when landed , and would have secured us against many disasters , which , in the present state of the country , may be the consequence of his gaining a temporary advantage.—But when I insist on the utility of fortifications , I beg that gentlemen will not do me the injustice to believe that I think the entrenched camp at Chelmsford will do us any good . I have been told , indeed , that in some places the parapet has already began to fall into the ditch ; and so far was I from being sorry to hear this , that I could not help expressing my hope that the whole of it might come down before the enemy arrives , as there would be no chance of its ever being occupied I confess that I have not seen it ; but from the general knowledge which I have of its position , I am quite sure that it can never be of any use , unless we can suppose the enemy to come here so eager and impatient to fight , that he would rather run his head against an entrenched camp than go two miles out of his way to avoid it . It really , Sir , puts me in mind of a proposal made by an officer in Ireland to encamp all the cavalry on the Curragh of Kildare , because it was the finest place in the kingdom for them to act upon . Now this plan would not have been a bad one , if one could have 598 been quite sure that an enemy , having little or no cavalry , would come to the Curragh on purpose to give ours an opportunity of attacking him . So also this camp might be useful , if the French would but be so good as to attack it . Bat the particular construction of this camp , as it has been described to me by officers who have seen it , is also extremely defective ; for I understand , that instead of a chain of strong detached works , it is one continued line of entrenchment from right to left ; which is a system now universally rejected by men of knowledge and experience . I am well aware that I should have no right to criticise the camp of Chelmsford , if it was true that I had ever made such proposals as have been attributed to me for I have read in pamphlets and in newspapers , that I had seriously recommended one continued line of entrench * merits from Yarmouth to the Downs and to Portsmouth . But , really such misrepresentations as these are too gross and too absurd to be deserving of notice.—And now , Sir , after having roundly asserted that this fortified camp of Chelmsford , which must have cost a good deal of money , can not be of any use , I owe it both to myself and to the House to explain , in a very few words , the principles upon which have formed this opinion and I think it is very easy to do it in a manner that will be intelligible even to persons who are not military . There are two modes by which a defensive army may check the progress of an invading enemy . The one is by a direct opposition to his march ; that is , by constantly placing yourself before him in such a manner that it is physically impossible for him to advance without attacking you . The other more indirect , but in . some cases equally effectual and safer method , is by