for the defence of the coast . He could state , from his own knowledge , that on that part of the coast with which he was acquainted , there were eighty of these vessels armed with carronades , ready to start from every creek to annoy the ennemy on their approach ; they were manned with men who perfectly understood the management of these vessels , and were thoroughly acquainted with every inch of the coast , and he had no doubt , but they would very nearly destroy any flotilla the enemy could send , before they could make any impression upon our coast . It , therefore , the volunteers were encouraged he had no doubt but that , with the assist- 273 ance of that force to which he had just alluded , the country would be completely safe . He was only anxious that the volunteers should meet with that encouragement and protection which they deserved . entirely concurred in the opinion if the right hon . gent , who had just sat dow ; but thought the subject might be more properly dicussed on the particular resolution than on the report . The volunteers , in his own opinion , were not entitled to such allowances , either by the 42d or 43d o ! '' his Majesty , though the Board of Treasury had issued orders to the receivers general to make them , in case of volunteers called out on actual service . But if any doubt existed in the minds of other gentlemen on the subject , a clause to remove it might be introduced into the Bill , now before the House , for amending the Volunteer Acts , which he proposed to have read a second time this dry , in order that it should be committed tomorrow . Government had not called on the services of the volunteer corps to the extent that might have been thought desirable , from the difficulty of procuring accurate returns . The number now on duty voluntarily was about 14,000 He was not aware of any thing more he had to say : when the resolution should be under the consideration of the House , he should take that opportunity of stating his opinion as to any observations it may give rise to . did not mean to object to the Report , because he fully concurred in the resolutions contained in it , to the utmost of their extent . He rose only to correct some mistatements from misconception , which had been made of his sentiments on a former day . With respect to a proposition which he had thought it his duty to submit to the House , on that occasion , for the formation of volunteer corps into battalions , and the appointment of field officers to each battalion , one misconception had possibly arisen from his wish to save the time of the House , in not going at length into the explanation of his proposal . So far from having for its object the appointment of held officers , who were to have a control over the colonels commandants of the corps , nothing could be more repugnant to his feelings or sentiments . He had , he thought , distinctly stated , that his sole and great object was , to afford the commandants of corps the benefit of the assistance and advice of officers not their superiors ; but , from experience , competent to aid them effectually by their instruction ; and the more he reflected , the more he was convinced of the advantages that would result from the adoption of his proposal . No commandant could look with confidence 274 to the period of leading his men to actual service , if refused the advice of professional men , capable , by their skill arid experience , of promoting the discipline of their corps ; and he took this opportunity , both on his own account , and on the behalf of others , who entertained the same sentiments with himself on the subject , to apply for such assistance .