of the public , nor were any hopes of a speedy recovery held out . In the course of his observations , his lordship alluded to the bulletin of this day . As the subject struck his mind , upon every thing he had observed or could collect , he was led to entertain doubts which induced him to call upon the noble lord upon the woolsack for farther information relative to the very important point in question . in answer to what had fallen from the noble earl , observed , that for any proposition coming from such a quarter , he entertained the highest respect ; indeed upon such a very important topic , observations coming from any individual peer in that House , were entitled to the most serious attention . With respect to the doubts entertained by the noble earl , he could assure his lordship and the House , that in every thing connected with so grave , important , and momentous an occasion as that in question , he had proceeded with all that delicacy , deliberation , and caution which such an occasion evidently required ; he had proceeded on the occasion even with fear and trembling ; to speak more specifically to the point , he observed , that not satisfied with the reports and assurances of the medical attendants of his Majesty on so important an occasion , he thought it proper and necessary to have a personal interview with the Sovereign , and at which due discussion took place as to the bills which were offered for the royal assent , and which was fully expressed . He would sooner suffer his right band to be severed from his body , than in such an instance he would agree to act upon light or superficial grounds . He thought it his bounden and indispensable duty , and which he trusted he always had , and always should conscientiously discharge , to proceed in the manner he had stated : and he had 809 no hesitation to aver , that the result of all I that took place upon the occasion , fully and amply justified him , in announcing his Majesty 's assent to the bills specified in the royal commission . He knew and felt with gratitude his obligations to I he best of Sovereigns , and to whose person he , bore the warmest affection . But he could most conscientiously say , that no considerations whatever , even those to which he had alluded , should ever induce him to break that sacred covenant he had made with himself , not to suffer any thing to warp his judgment , or to bias him from that rule of strict duty and rectitude which he was determined to follow . He entertained no doubts of the noble earl 's having come forward upon a sense of duty , and that he was actuated by nothing personal to himself upon the occasion . He was fully aware of the high degree of responsibility under which he stood ; and with reference to which he acted upon the occasion . The lords commissioners then retired to robe , and when they had taken their seats in the front of the throne , the Commons were sent for , and appearing at the bar , the royal assent was declared in the usual form to the Irish Bank Restriction Bill , the two Mutiny Bills , the Seed Corn Exportation , the Greenland Whale Fishery , the London port , the Scotch Bankrupt Laws , and the Duke of York 's Estate Bills , and to a few private bills . After the Commons had retired , their Lordships forwarded the bills which remained upon the table , chiefly of a private or local description , after which the House adjourned till Monday . said , it was not his intention to oppose the motion of the hon . I gent. , but he could not avoid making a few I observations upon the schedule before the House . He was willing in pay every tribute to the rt . hon