being ignorant of the explosion which was about to take place ? What the lord lieutenant absent at his country house , at a moment when he knew that an insurrection was likely to break out in the city ! And this the statement made by his friends ! He could only say , in the words of Hamlet , ' I would not hear thine enemy say so . He would not have so shocked the ears of a right hon . gentleman opposite to him ( Mr. Yorke ) or have so isolated his own convictions , as to have advanced an opinion , pregnant with such injurious reflexions , to the noble lord at the head of the Irish government . But , in whatever way the fact was to be accounted for , to whichever change the government would choose is plead guilty , their authority upon the subject of Irish affairs was at an end . If the measure proposed was to be adopted , it must be , not in consequence of the representations made by government , but in spite of them . They had described the proceedings of the 23d of July as a contemptible riot : that had declared the state of the country to have been improved by those proceedings , instead of being made worse . The best plea which they could urge , and one certainly which they would be able to make cut , was that they knew nothing of the matter . Yet , in this state of things , the house was called upon to voie a martial law bill , without a single proof adduced of the necessity of it , and upon grounds too that would equally serve for any other time as well as the present . For if this measure was to as a noble lord had declared , precautionary , and that that precaution was to be founded upon the mere fact of an insurrection having broken out , this tact would continue to be true to the end of time ; and whenever it could be coupled with a war , might be made the foundation of a measure such as was then proposed . It was impossible to say , bow long , according to the pre- 116 sent mode of reasoning , its influence in that respect might last.—Upon the whole , the measure as now proposed , was utterly without foundation to stand on . What it might I be in itself , was not so properly the object of inquiry . He could very well conceive , judging from views the very reverse of those commonly held out by the hon . gentlemen , that the course proposed , desperate as it was , might be necessary . He was afraid , at least , in so critical a case , to say that it was not so . Contrary , therefore , to the general rule , which would direct in every case , and still more in one like the present , the rejection of every measure , of which no strong reason had been ' urged for the support , he should acquiesce in the one now proposed , protesting against the manner in which it had been brought forward , and begging to have it understood , that so far as he might concur in it , it was for reasons wholly different from those which could be derived from the language or conduct of the hon . gentlemen . —Sir ; in the observations which I feel it my duty to other to the house , it is my intention to follow the example set me by my noble friend near me ( lord Castlereagh ) and to sever the consideration of the conduct of die Irish government , respecting the insurrection of the 23d of July , from the merits of the measure now before the house ; and to make that conduct , whatever it may have been , the subject of a distinct charge . However , as it has been , in this instance , brought