most splendid exertions of our navy , during the last war , and related to officers and seamen as meritorious as any in the British service . It was impossible that any one could doubt the merit of the service performed by Lord Hood at Toulon . The present subject affected the interests of Lord Hood , Lord Keith , Lord Radstock , and other distinguished officers , and of all the officers and seamen under the command of Lord Hood , upon that 1063 occasion , who were now living , and the families of those who were deceased , all were involved in The consideration of the subject , which he felt it incumbent upon him to submit to the committee.—It was not his intention to go into any particular detail with respect to the surrender of Toulon ; it would be recollected that the inhabitants of the southern part of France , weary of the worst of tyranny that ever degraded the human race , expressed a wish to be placed under the authority of the legitimate heir of their murdered sovereign . In consequence of this , Lord Hood became possessed of the town and harbour of Toulon , and several French ships , which , by a convention , were , to be held , in part , for Louis XVII . to whom they were to be restored . During the continuance of the war , it was obvious that the nature of the terms agreed upon , precluded Lord Hood from claiming any remuneration for himself and the officers and seamen under his command . After the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace , Lord Hood presented a memorial to his Majesty , claiming a reward for the officers and seamen . on account of the French ships destroyed and taken possession of at Toulon , together with their ordnance and stores , . His Majesty was pleased to refer the memorial to the Privy Council , a committee of whom took it into consideration . It was the opinion of that committee , that it was not expedient to grant any remuneration for the ten sail of the line , and other vessels which were destroyed , because it was not the practice to grant remuneration for ships destroyed at sea , it was only when they were captured , that the captors became entitled to prize-money , head-money , & c. The committee of Privy Council however recommended that a remuneration should be given for those ships which were brought away from Toulon , and afterwards employed in his Majesty 's service . It was then referred to the Lords of the Admiralty , and to the Master General of the Ordnance , to report the value of those ships , and of the ordnance and stores taken in them . The Lords of the Admiralty reported the value of the ships at 236,742l . and the value of the ordnance and stores at 28,504,1 . 14s . lOç . On these reports being received , the Committee of Council recommended the granting of a remuneration to Lord Hood , which was approved of by his Majesty in council , and it was upon this recommendation approved of by 1064 his Majesty , that he submitted the proposition for remuneration to the committee . In considering this subject , let it be remembered , that in this instance , the officers and seamen of his Majesty 's navy had been favoured in a similar manner to that now proposed . At the Helder several Dutch ships were taken possession of by Admiral Mitchell , in the name of the Stadtholder ; and without detracting from the merit of that service , would any man say that the service performed by Lord Hood at Toulon , did not establish at least an equal claim to the gratitude of the country ? The ships taken at the Helder , were libelled in the Court of Admiralty , but never condemned : the ships taken by Lord Hood , at Toulon , had not been libelled ; but , would any man say