in his opinion , that was in itself , the very best reason that that possibly could be against granting the prayer of a petition for parliamentary aid.—The question was then put , and the petition referred to a committee . previous to the Order of die Day being read , wished to obtain some information on a subject confessedly of the highest importance : seeing the noble secretary of state in his place , he would take that opportunity . The subject , in his contemplation , was such as not only that house , but many thousands of his Majesty 's subjects must regard with the utmost concern . He alluded to the volunteers , respecting whom , he begged leave to ask , if it was the intention of his Majesty 's ministers to propose any general regulations previous to the ensuing recess . shortly replied , that he knew of no intention at present on the part of his Majesty 's government , to propose any specific measure , previous to the recess , of the nature to which the noble earl alluded . resumed the topic : he by no means wished , he said , to pin the noble Secretary of Stale down to any particular time , for proposing such a measure as he had alluded to ; he was fully aware , not only of the importance , but of the delicacy of the subject . He repeated the anxious view in which it was very generally regarded . It was not his intention , however then to go into any detail upon the subject but there were one or two prominent points , which struck him so forcibly , that he could not refrain from adverting to them and endeavouring to press them on the attention of the noble Secretary , as requiring the most serious consideration of his Majesty 's ministers , and calling for adequate regulation . He first adverted to the con- 152 sideration of the way in which the services of several corps were originally accepted on the part of government , which certainly appeared to him to have been done on liberal principles , with respect to allowances , & c. but in regard to those he had to observe , that a system had been latterly acted upon , which appeared to him to be the reverse of the former conduct of government in that respect . The second consideration to which the noble earl principally adverted , and which he seemed to regard as one of extreme delicacy and importance , was the idea of the force in question , appearing , in some points of view , as a species of military democracy . He thought it incumbent on him thus early to throw out those considerations , as meriting the most serious and anxious attention on the part of his Majesty 's government . The noble earl also alluded to certain difficulties which had arisen under the present volunteer system , which he thought it would be important speedily to obviate : what he seemed principally to advert to , was the regulation of exemptions , & c. in the course of his reply , observed , that he should avoid at present entering into any detailed view whatever of the subject . He agreed with the noble earl as to the great importance of the subject ; it was one therefore which naturally attracted the serious attention of his Majesty 's government : their lordships , however , would be at the same time aware of the complexity and intricate nature of the general subject , the variety of details which it embraced , and the correspondent difficulty of forming adequate regulations . He agreed also with the noble Earl , that certain difficulties had arisen in the progress of that system of measures , but of that nature as that they could not fairly be expected to be in the contemplation at the time , of those by whom , under the circumstances of the case , the bill was originally framed . He repeated , that the subject certainly