election . A number of the voters not being satisfied with two candidates , deputed some of their body to search for a third , whom they found out , and from whom they received a certain sum of money , as a reward for their support at the election . This had appeared in evidence before the committee , and he , as their chairman , had been appointed by the almost unanimous voice of the members , not to move for the disqualification of the voters concerned in the bribery , nor for their prosecution , but to move for leave to bring in a bill for preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in Parliament for the borough of Aylesbury . conceived the object of the bill to be to throw open the borough , and as such he highly disapproved of it . He had no objection to any proceeding against the guilty persons , but he trusted that Parliament would never consent to infringe the rights of above 300 electors for this borough , merely upon the ground that , according to the report of the committee , of which the hon . Baronet was chairman , 50 voters had been implicated in bribery . He hoped that no such 1013 attempt , at disqualification would ever be countenanced in that House ; and feeling that the idea ought not to be entertained , he should vote against the motion . begged to set his noble friend right , as the corruption was much more extensive than he had stated ; for although the names of only 50 persons were mentioned , not less than 200 electors were proved to have accepted bribes . This case was , indeed , so distinguished for open profligacy , that he had never heard of any thing at all like it . It was as unblushing as if the bellman had been sent round the town to offer a bribe to any elector that would accept it ; and those bribes were proved to have been distributed by the supporters of each of the contending parties . He did not , therefore , conceive that any grounds could exist to render it more strongly incumbent on the legislature to interpose . said , that from the depositions of Wilson , a man who was very well disposed to evade the facts , as the House was aware , it appeared that above 200 of the electors of this borough had accepted bribes ; that they were all collected in a room , on the table of which there was at one end a bowl of punch , and at the other a bowl of guineas , from which each man had his douceur ; that of the 270 who supported Mr . Bent , only 50 votes were free votes . This was evidence sufficient to convict those , men before a jury : and , with such evidence before gent , could they , he would ask , consistently with their own character , or indeed with common decency , consent to reject a bill which had for its object to prevent the recurrence of similar corruption . stated , that the letter of invitation to the third candidate was signed by 200 electors , each of whom covenanted for and received his bribe . It was the custom among the electors of this borough to demand Christmas boxes of their representatives , and , to enforce the payment of them , they say , that they shall always have a third candidate at the election , in order to enhance their own value . They had become discontented with the old candidates at the last election , and they contrived to find a third , of whom they made use to plunder the other two and himself also . It appeared , that in addition to the other guilt proved against those gent , of Aylesbury , that many of them went to each of the opposing parties , 1014 and promised their support . As they could not vote for