place in the House , which had a tendency to excite hopes that could not be realized , and 659 to expose grievances that did not admit of redress . The low rate of exchange , so tin-favourable to Ireland , though owing much , he thought , to the present insecurity of that country , or , which was equally the same , to what might be thought its present insecurity , would be found to arise also from a number of other causes . To remedy those evils , however , he did not think it in the power of the legislative authority , and in many instances incompetent with the legal exercise of that authority . If the state of exchange between this country and Hamburg , or any other country in similar circumstances , was deemed an improper subject of legislative interference , he could see no reason why the interference of the legislature became necessary in regard to Ireland , or what good effects that interference could produce . The course of exchange in every country must necessarily depend on its trade . It must depend on the comparative state of its exports and imports , which , so far as was consistent with the fair exercise of trade , was by no means an immediate object of legislation . The course of exchange was not only now unfavourable to Ireland , but had been so for several years past . It was difficult to say if it was in the . power of legislation to apply any remedy without removing the original causes ; the most important of which it was certainly not in the power of legislation to remove . Of these the absentee rents he regarded as none of the least important , and this cause of depression in the rate of Irish exchange , he conceived to be not greater at present than in the year 180J.—Another cause of this depression also he conceived to be the present state of Ireland , as it stood in regard to the threatened invasion , and the necessary defence against the projects of a foreign enemy , as well as its own internal commotions . In this state of the country , while the men were employed in its defence , they often thought it prudent to place their wives and children in a place of security , and to convey what moveable wealth they could command in the same manner , or apply it in some other country to the support of their family . But when the people of Ireland came to have the same confidence in their money transactions , and in the stability of their circulating medium , as Scotland and the North of England possessed , the circumstances that were so unfavourable to the exchange of that country would , in a great measure , be diminished.—To all the other causes he had mentioned , that want of confidence in their paper money was no inconsiderable addition , and this want of confidence , the hon . baronet contended , was 660 not a new or recent circumstance . The people of the north of Ireland , even in times of peace , have been long in the habit of carrying on no trade but through the medium of specie . They have been long in the habit of rejecting paper , and their articles being generally necessary , it has become customary not to tender it . This prejudice in the north of Ireland might be owing to their foreign connexions , or to their more immediate relations with Scotland and England , but must have a tendency to drain the specie from the other parts of Ireland , and to diminish the respectability , and , therefore , the value of the paper currency . The people in the north receive nothing but gold ; as their articles are necessary they must have it , and by thus drawing the current specie to one part of the kingdom must injure the rest . he hon . baronet was anxious that nothing violent should le adopted , that