the ships , into the state of the dock-yards , and into the want of stores and artificers ; for of these last , he understood , there was a defalcation of 800 shipwrights less than the usual war establishments . This he wished to see made from no personal motives against the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty , on the contrary , he had before disclaimed such motives , and he believed he held the character of that noble lord in as high respect , and was better acquainted with it than those who pretended to be such warm partizans in his favour . This inquiry would either prove the negligence and incapacity of the Admiralty , or place their fame so high as not to be touched by the breath of slander . Upon these heads , however , he should not enlarge , as they were extraneous to the motion before the House—not but lie held papers on this subject , which might make the House start . These contained subjects , which , even in that House , were too dreadful , and too delicate to state publicly . But this he did not hesitate to affirm ; and he begged the House to remember , that he warned them of it ; that if the present system was pursued , whoever might be at the Admiralty , if this system is not immediately changed , the most dreadful , the most fatal calamity that ever happened to this country might be expected . —Sir ; as I very sel- 892 dom trouble the House , I hope I may be permitted to make a few observations on a subject of which , from the professional experience I have had , I may be presumed to have some knowledge . From the debate of this night , there is one piece of information I have acquired , that the French have got upwards of a thousand vessels at Boulogne . I am glad to find they are shut up there ; we have one advantage in it , we know where they are ; I wish we had any means of knowing when they intended to come out . I know this much , however , that they can not all get out in one day , or in one night either ; and when they do come out , I trust that our cockle shells alone , as an hon . admiral has called a very manageable and very active part of our force , will be able to give a good account of them . Sir , I do not really see , in the arrangement of our naval defence , any thing to excite the . apprehensions of even the most timid among us ; on the contrary , I see every thing thru may be expected from activity and perseverance , to inspire us with confidence . I see a triple naval bulwark , composed of one fleet acting on the enemy 's coast , of another consisting of heavier ships stationed in the Downs , ready to act at a moment 's notice , and a third close to the beach , capable of destroying any part of the enemy 's flotilla that should escape the vigilance of the other two branches of our defence . I beg pardon for troubling the House , but accident brought me here , and I intend that my stay should be as short as possible.—In respect to what has been said of building ships by contract , I must confess I do not much admire that mode of keeping up our navy . IF have seen some of them , ( I particularly allude to the Ajax and Achilles ) that I took for Frenchmen.—As to these gun-boats which have been so strongly recommended , this mosquito fleet , they are the most contemptible force that can be employed ; gun-brigs , indeed , are of some use , but between a gun-brig and a gun-boat there is almost as much difference as between a man of war and a frigate