thinks proper , without any condition , they said , that he shall be able to do under certain conditions , what the court of King 's Bench had already decided he might do without any condition whatever—that the person who the court said might resign when he pleased , 684 shall be able to resign within three weeks after he had given notice of his intention—that the point which the court had decided , was doubtful that was to say , that a thing was doubtful after it was decided there was no doubt ; that a man might be able to do conditionally , that which the law already enabled him to do without condition . The clause stated , `` that whereas doubts have arisen , '' which should be altered to , `` whereas there is no doubt . `` —The clause stated , `` that therefore after three weeks notice he shall be at liberty to resign ; '' which should be altered to `` after three weeks notice he shall not resign . `` —The right hon . gent , adverted to the assertion so often made , that the ballot lists were dry in particular districts ; but this he attributed much more to the unequal distribution of the quotas to be balloted for the militia , & c. than to the extension of the volunteer system . This inequality he was very desirous that some means should be devised to remove . Reverting to the discipline of the volunteers , he took notice of an evil which he describe to exist to a great extent , and which ought to be corrected ; namely , the practice of farmers in preventing the men in their employment from attending drill , and also the conduct of the master manufacturers in the great manufacturing towns , practising a similar restraint upon their apprentices , over whom they seemed to conceive that they had the power of preventing them from earning any money unless from their employment . Those were evils against which he would be glad to see some provision made . He concluded with professing his wish to assist in framing any measure to advance the improvement of the volunteer system , declaring that he had no wish to embarrass the progress of the bill before the House , which , on the contrary , he was sincerely anxious to render as perfect as possible . stated , that there was a circumstance which he committed I to mention , when he first addressed the committee , and that was , that it was intended to appoint an inspecting field officer to every 2500 , or 3000 men , and which field officers , in case of invasion , were to act as brigade generals with the corps under their inspection.—With respect to that part of the bill which regarded the election of officers , although he was of opinion , that it should be generally left to the King 's discretion , yet he thought that on many , or , indeed , most occasions , it would be proper to allow the lieutenants of the counties to sign `` commissions.—He would trouble the committee with a few words on the declare- 685 tory clause on which so much had been said . No member in that House could entertain a more sacred reverence than be did for the decision of the court of King 's Bench ; yet , with all the respect that he entertained for it , he would claim the privilege of asserting , that the judgment of that court did not settle the law in general with respect to the volunteer system , although he must allow it did in the particular point which was submitted to it . Besides , the decision of that court was not final , for every member of that House must know , that a writ of error would lie from a judgment pronounced in the court of King 's Bench : and where men of great professional eminence and acknowledged reputation differed in their interpretation of a particular statute ,