manner to criminate that gallant officer , whose merit and whose services we are very willing to acknowledge . —Sir , it gives me much pleasure to hear from one of his Majesty 's ministers so honourable a testimony of the merit of the gallant officer who has devoted his life to the interests of his country j but when I consider the circumstances attending the late rebellion in Ireland , I can not but feel convinced that there must have been in some quarter the grossest negligence and inattention ; it therefore appears to me , that the House would not act consistent with the public duty , in suffering this business to rest here without further examination . I therefore give notice , that , on Monday se'night , I shall move for the production of certain papers , which I conceive necessary for the information of the House upon this subject . agreeable to his notice on a former day , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill for consolidating and explaining the existing acts for the regulation of the 426 volunteer establishment . The right hon . gent , prefaced his motion by a speech to the following purport : fair , although what maybe conceived to be necessary in opening die measure with winch it is my intention to conclude , might easily be confined within a very small compass , yet as the subject , generally , is one of the greatest interest , and has been the object of long expectation , I hope I shall be indulged by the House in going into considerable detail . I shall preface my remarks , Sir , by expressing a hope , that the subject will be considered with the Utmost coolness and impartiality . When the defence of the country is the matter under discussion , it is not presuming too much to entertain the hope , that party spirit will not enter into our deliberations , that we shall only think of the most effectual means of resisting that enemy who menaces the destruction of all that is dear to us as the inhabitants of a free country . I hope I do not carry my expectation too far , when I express a hope that gentlemen will not shew themselves inclined to increase that clamour which has been raised against the volunteer system , for what reason I know not , by a certain description of persons , who do not wish well to the country , and whose last resource of malignity is to set the government against the volunteers and the volunteers against the government . Against such persons , if such persons exist , I wish more , particularly to guard the volunteers , as the worst enemies of their establishment , and the most dangerous foes of their country , I am anxious also , Sir , that gentlemen should view the volunteer system not only in its defects , its difficulties , or its inconveniencies . It is at least fair to contemplate the system as a whole , and not to hold forth individual instances of difficulty 3iid inconvenience , as arguments against an establishment essentially connected with the safety of the empire at a most perilous ciisis.—On the present occasion it is not my object to intro dace any thing very new , pointed , or extraordinary . From experience it must have been obvious , that measures dictated by temperance and moderation were those winch it was most prudent to adopt and pursue . Whatever are the measures of improvement to be adopted , they must be such as are suggested by imperious necessity , and such as are essential to the correction , not merely of incidental abuses , but of the radical deficiencies of a general system.—Having made these preliminary observations , I will now proceed to the substantial considerations en which my motion is to be founded . Before , however , I go into the detail of the circumstances 427 which prove the necessity of a new bill for the purpose of explaining and amending the laws