the Suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act , though he saw no evidence of its necessity , still he must be permitted to contend that it stood on a footing quite different from that of the other measure . Their lordships would easily see that this assertion could be supported without much difficulty . In forming a judgment of measures of such magnitude , it would not be denied , that the character of those by whom extraordinary powers were to be exercised , was a matter of the highest importance . With respect to the Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill , it would be seen that those who were to exercise the powers which it vested , were persons of the highest rank in the state . Every step they took was a step open to future censure . Every measure they adopted was liable to the severest responsibility . Very different , however , was the situation of those who were to exercise the powers vested in the government by the Martial Law Bill . Their lordships needed only to look at the bill to be convinced , that many of those who were to carry its provisions into effect , if unfortunately it should be necessary to reduce them to practice , were individuals in whom no responsibility of the nature to which he had referred could attach . They might decide from want of adequate knowledge . They might labour under the influence of prejudice . They might in some cases be led away by local prepossessions , or decide under the pressure of temporary passions . He was sure that their lordships would agree with him in thinking , that when such inconveniencies might be experienced , the powers of the nature which the bill granted ought not to be lightly conferred . But , further ; he requested of their lordships to reflect , that even allowing that evidence had been given of the necessity of the Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill , the other measures could only be defended by argument of a nature totally different . He begged leave shortly to explain the views on which alone he had supported , or ever could support , a bill for depriving any part of his fellow subjects of the ordinary privileges of the constitution . When martial law was first introduced in Ireland , a rebellion of a most formidable nature raged with the utmost violence . That rebellion , by the valour of the king 's troops , and the spirit and zeal of the loyal inhabitants , was suppress- 254 ed . As was to be expected , however , much rancour and much malignity continued to agitate those , whose open attempts at rebellion had been defeated . When they found that they could not attack the king 's troops , or the loyal part of the community in arms , it was necessary for them to change their mode of attack . A system of murder and intimidation was accordingly introduced , and a regular conspiracy was formed to interrupt the ordinary forms and proceedings of the courts of common law . Magistrates were prevented from performing the duties of their office at the peril of their lives . Judges were prevented from , presiding at trials at the peril of their lives . Jurors were deterred from giving verdicts on the clearest evidence at the peril of their lives . Witnesses at the same hazard were deterred from giving their evidence . In a word , the proceedings of the civil and criminal courts of the country were totally suspended . A system of intimidation had , for the time , annihilated every form of law , and every privilege attached to fair and equitable justice . What was to be done under such circumstances ? Some strong measure must have been immediately adopted , or the country must have been left a prey to all these horrors . The measure of martial law was adopted , and the effect which it produced on the restoration of tranquillity was immediate . Government vested with extraordinary powers , was enabled to