of a general systematic inquiry into the state of Ireland . rose , he said , merely to say a few words in explanation . He supposed he was one of those alluded to , who had given a favourable view of the general loyalty of the population of Ireland . He had no wish to retract what he had formerly asserted on this subject ; he only wished , that what he had said should be properly understood . He had asserted , that the temper of the people of Ireland was materially improved , and he had seen nothing to induce him to alter this opinion . True it was , that on the 23d of July , an insurrection had broke out , attended with circumstances of the utmost atrocity . In point of numbers , this certainly was a most contemptible and a most abortive attempt . He must , however , fully accede to the opinion delivered by the noble Secretary of State , that the insurrection , contemptible as it was in point of numbers or efficiency , was founded on the same principles which the rebels had avowed . These principles were , separation from Great-Britain , the formation of a separate government , and that plan aided and abetted by the power of France . He was decidedly favourable to the re-enactment of both the bills . He was sure that they were essential to the maintenance of the tranquillity of Ireland , and if they were not passed he dreaded the most disastrous consequences . A short pause having ensued , the Lord Chancellor was again proceeding to put the question from the woolsack : this called up who , in common with the other noble lords who had preceded him , declared , that he did not rise with the view of giving his decided opposition to the motion of the noble Secretary of State , who had begun the discussion . He professed , however , that he rose under circumstances of peculiar embarrassment , to offer his senti- 251 ments shortly on the subject . The fact was , that at this moment their lordships were wholly without information on the subject of the state of Ireland , while his Majesty 's ministers called on them to pass two bills , of a nature not less extensive than that of a power of depriving a large proportion of his Majesty 's subjects of the most important privilege ? of the constitution . As the noble lord had thought proper to introduce the arguments in favour of both bills in the same speech , he had no objection to follow the same course , though he should have occasion , before he sat down , to shew , that , the arguments which might establish the necessity of the one , would not at all apply in favour of the other . with the general principle laid down by the noble lord , in support of the measure , he most cordially agreed . His opinion on this subject was most decidedly recorded by his conduct . He certainly had always thought , and should on every occasion maintain the same opinion , that there were times and circumstances , when in conformity to the principles of the constitution in its best times , extraordinary powers were to be granted to meet extraordinary circumstances of danger . It was , however , always to be recollected , that the circumstances which established the existence of this danger , should be clearly and unequivocally established . When this was the case , he should never pretend to object to extraordinary powers . Independent of such information , he did not see how any noble lord could in conscience give his support to any call on the part of ministers for extraordinary powers . At present , he thought that Parliament was placed in a most awkward predicament . He felt for himself personally , that he could not offer any decided opinion on the subject of the renewal of the bills . It could not be imagined that any noble