would have every inducement to forbear from the exercise of it . He should not trespass further on the house , but move , that leave be given to bring in the bill , & c. and the question being put , and the proclamation entered as read . did not mean to oppose the motion , though an enemy to every exercise of power contrary to law ; he was inclined to approve of it in the present instance , where it had been evidently directed to secure the country from famine . The lord lieutenant , he thought , had acted right , and of the descriptions of power , the one proposed to be committed to him , by the present measure , was least likely to be abused . He should not be sorry if greater powers were given , or if the distillation of oats were altogether prohibited , for , he was confident , that much serious mischief was caused by the use of that pernicious liquor , whiskey , so made , took the opportunity of the hon . 89 gentleman 's observations , to throw out a remark , for the purpose of quieting any apprehensions that might be entertained by another body of men , the distillers , whose interests concurred with the interests of the revenue . For that purpose , therefore , he threw out , by way of notice , that regard would be had to their interests , by a regulation of revenue . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the bill for regulating the interest on India bonds ; on the question being put , said , he did not mean to oppose the measure ; on the contrary , he was obliged to the noble lord for bringing in any bill to amend or rectify the detects of the property-tax act . It had been stated from authority , that no alteration was to be made in that act during the present session ; but , for his own part , he was of opinion , that it was a perfectly impracticable act . By that , he meant , that it could not be executed according to its letter ; but , if executed at all , must be executed according to the arbitrary , or discretionary interpretation of the commissioners . He had received letters on the subject from two gentlemen of good sense and intelligence , who had been appointed commissioner ; they were of opinion , tint the act . in its present form , could not be executed He did not mean to enter into the detail of all its clauses , and should only advert to one clause , which directed that she commissioners of the land-tax should be the commissioners fur executing this act . The hon . member contended , that in place of a board of collection , a board of controul was thus established . He threw out this observation merely to call the attention of gentlemen to the defects of this act . observed , that only one of the hen . gentleman 's observations applied to the question before the house . The hon . gent , had confessed himself much obliged to the noble lord , for bringing in a bill to explain any part of the property tax bill . His noble friend 's measure , however , went only to amend the mode of collection in one instance , and not to alter any of the provisions of the act . With regard to the other observations of the hon . gent . he felt it would be to travel out of the question , to advert to them . It would be found , that the act , to which the hon . gent , had alluded , though perhaps containing some difficulty or obscurity , was , en the whole , more perspicuous than gentlemen were disposed to admit . moved the order of the day , 90 for the second reading of the Irish martial law bill . On the question