entered into between his Majesty 's governor of Ceylon and the Candian government : 4 . All the returns of his Majesty 's forces in Ceylon , from the first of January , 1803 , to the present time . `` —On the first motion being put , said , he should trouble the House with as few words as possible , as when the papers were laid before the House , they would then have an opportunity of forming an opinion upon the subject . He assented to the general principle , that when a war was entered into in any part of our colonial possessions , unless gov . could slate some reason of expediency for not producing such information , that Parliament had a right to possess itself of full information with respect to the origin and causes of that war . To this point the 862 present motion went , and so far he had no objection ; but he should certainly object to any motion which went to produce information as to the state of our force in Ceylon , as that would be shewing the enemy the number of troops we had in the island to defend it , and might tend to invite an attack . It might be also inexpedient to disclose the state of any negotiation carrying on in the island by the governor . He only wished that no prejudicial impression might remain in the minds of gentlemen . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Creevey ) had stated the war to have originated in a dispute about property to the amount of only 300I . but the value was of little consequence the Candian gov . had long demonstrated an hostile mind towards us , and the detention of property , about which the first dispute took place , was only one of the symptoms of that hostile disposition . The form of the motion was , he said , not accurate , as Ceylon formed no part of the dominions of the East India Company , but was annexed to the Crown ; he had , therefore , framed a motion which he would make , if the hon . gent , would consent to withdraw his . He concluded by reading his motion , `` that an humble address be presented to his Majesty , praying that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order to be laid before the House , copies or extracts of such letters and papers as had been received from the hon . Frederick North , governor of Ceylon , relative to the causes of the hostilities which had taken place between his Majesty 's gov . and the King of Candy. '' —Mr . Creevey having consented to withdraw his motion , the motion of Lord Castlereagh was agreed to , Mr. Creevey then moved for copies of all dispatches and letters from the governor of Ceylon to the British officers employed there , and from the latter to the former . objected to this motion , as calling for information which it would be inexpedient to produce , and therefore moved the previous question . was utterly astonished at the language held by the noble lord as to the production of this paper . The noble lord had asserted that a time would come when no objection could exist to the production of the paper ; but had he given the least argument against its production at the present moment ? Had he offered a single little of reason to prove that the present time was not the fit moment for its being laid before Parliament ? Was it a matter undeserving of instant inquiry , that a part of our force in Ceylon had sustained not only disaster , 863 but disgrace ; that blame had been thrown on the conduct of the officer who commanded that party of troops by the governor of the settlement : and that no document was before Parliament , to enable them to ascertain , whether such an imputation was of was not well founded ? He could not conceive a stronger