not to be described . —Sir ; after the very long , and certainly very entertaining speech , which you have just heard , I fear mat I shall neither merit , nor be able to obtain from you and the House , that patience and that a tension , which I shall have ample occasion for , in replying to the attacks that the right . hon . gentleman has made on me , and on most of the measures of the present administration . The hon . gent , has quoted a passage of very indifferent poetry , to prove that mere is `` nothing good we say , and nothing wise we do ; '' but , in my opinion of the country , and of tins House , the present government , if may judge from the experience of the last session of Parliament , or the actual feelings of the people , has little to apprehend from he opposition of the right hon . gentleman , or the application of what he has quoted . During that session , it must be admitted that we heard many excellent opposition 183 speeches ( and I should be sorry that the right hon . gent , were deprived of the opportunity of amusing and instructing the House ; ) but then we had to set off against them some good ministerial votes , the cordial and zealous support of a very great majority of this House . The right hon . gent , has begun by condemning the constitution of the army , considering it as the whole of a military system ; and has enforced , with all the eloquence and ingenuity that he is master of , the necessity of a total alteration in it : for considering , he says , the power , the means , and the , intentions of France , it is absolutely incumbent on us to effect an entire change in our military system . I need scarcely repeat to the right hon . gent. , that peculiarly constituted as the army of this empire is , there is no power , save and except the omnipotence of Parliament , that can operate those changes he so forcibly recommends . The sanction of the legislature must precede the improvements , ( if improvements they are ) that the right hon . gent , advises . I have no objection to taking the whole of our military system under general consideration , provided that the right hon . gent , will have the prudence to omit the minute details ; for , I trust , that every one who hears me will allow , that a Committee of this House is not the best or the fittest place to go into an accurate examination of the merits or defects of such a complicated system . The right ; hon . gent , has found much cause for disapprobation , in the defenceless and vulnerable state in which some part of the coast has been suffered to remain . In reply to this , I will frankly admit , that it is not in as good a state of defence as it might have been , considering our means and the spirit of the people ; but still I shall contend , that it is fully sufficient for the protection of the country , and capable of affording a very serious resistance so any probable effort f the enemy . The right hon . gent has been particularly severe in his condemnation of two measures of the government , which took place immediately after the signing of the peace of Amiens , the disbanding of the army , and the disarming and dismantling of the navy . I must , Sir , most solemnly protest against the view which the right hon . gent has taken of those measures , for the true state of the facts will nor justify the inferences he has endeavoured to draw from them . At no period of our history was there ever , at the conclusion of a peace , an establishment both naval