that this change has equally taken place , whether the increase has arisen in Bank paper or in private paper . The restraint upon the Bank must necessarily give some increased encouragement to the issue of private paper , because , for private paper , cash may legally be demanded , for Bank paper it can not ; and if , by these or any other means , the proportion of private paper be much increased , there must obviously be less room for the circulation even for the same quantity as before of Bank paper ; and 306 there is therefore much more reason to apprehend that the issue is too large , when it appears that instead of remaining at the same amount , the quantity of Bank paper has also been very much increased . The actual increase of private paper , a fact which no one could dispute , was the particular circumstance to which Lord G. said , he principally wished to call the attention of the House.— '' Paper ( he said ) now forms in this country the principal medium of circulation between man and man , not as formerly in commercial transactions only , but now in all the ordinary dealings of life . In times of perfect security and public confidence , even this might happen to a considerable extent without much inconvenience ; and so long as the natural operations of demand and supply were allowed to control it , though some excess might occasionally take place , yet experience shewed , that any such evil would speedily correct itself . The tide might ebb and flow , but no permanent interruption would arise from it to the stream of national prosperity . The case is widely different now . We are called upon to provide against the danger of a sudden alarm , such as must arise it a country so long unused to the tread of a hostile foot should even fur the shortest interval become the theatre of war . But we are discharging this duty in a most inadequate and insufficient manner . We an ? providing for the smaller evil , but seem wholly indifferent to the greater . We are guarding against the consequences of any sudden run upon the Bank in a moment of alarm ; but we take no consideration of the effect of a similar alarm on that mass of private paper , which constitutes so much larger a proportion of the circulating medium of the country . The stability of the Bank has been guaranteed to its creditors by repeated parliamentary examinations ; and when we restrain it by law from fulfilling its engagements with them , we have given a fresh pledge of public faith that they shall suffer no loss by that provision . But what will be the case of private paper ? Let the House represent to itself the situation of a Bank , established perhaps in the very town to be first attacked , and the state of the surrounding district , whose circulation consists perhaps almost exclusively of that paper . What means will such a Bank possess to satisfy even the ordinary demands upon it ? How much would those demands in such a case be increased ? And what would be the state of such a district , if to all the other evils of war were added the sudden annihilation of its whole circulating 307 medium ? Already are we told from authority , that there appears in the country an eagerness to collect , or , as it is insidiously called , to hoard cash . In times of scarcity the ignorant are taught to clamour against the farmer and the cornfactor , who , by collecting and preserving grain , afford to a country its only security against famine . By the salutary provision of nature , the measures which individuals take in such cases for their own security and benefit , constitute in their aggregate the security and advantage of the community itself . In the same manner ( it might appear paradoxical , but if a paradox