whether the indulgence of paying the revenues of the civil officers of the Irish government in this country at par , was extended to any other persons , and particularly whether the meritorious persons who were the subjects of his motion experienced this mark of favour . said , he was not aware of the existence of any order such as the noble Lord alluded to , but yet he had no objection to the motion , nor to answer any question which might be put by the noble Lord , or any other member , in order to put the House in possession of full and satisfactory information with respect to the affairs of Ireland.—The motion was agreed to , moved for leave to bring in a bill to repeal so much of the Property Tax Act , as requires attornies , agents , and factors , to 1011 retain and pay the duties chargeable upon public annuities . stated , that this measure was proposed in consequence of a wish expressed by the bankers , and other persons interested , and from a full persuasion of the justice of their request . Leave was given ; the bill was afterwards brought in by Mr. Vansittart , read a first and second time , and committed for Monday . in adverting to this subject , observed , that an opinion had been given by a professional man , different from those of the Attorney and Solicitor General . The subject was of very considerable importance , as it involved a capital of 20,250,000l . and if the period of payment was to be deferred till April 1805 , and any event , such as a peace , should take place , causing a great rise in the price of the funds , a very material consideration would arise out of it , as the loyalty loan could not then rise above par . It was important that the question respecting the time of payment should be settled , as he understood that several holders of the loan , to the amount of upwards of 2,000,000l . had given notice that they expected to be paid on the 10th of April next . said , that the subject divided itself into two heads : the first a question of law , and the next of equity . With respect to the question of law , the law officers of the crown had given an opinion different to that supported by the hon . gent . As to the question of equity , whilst he agreed in the importance of the subject , he should certainly pay every attention to it , and endeavour to bring the point , respecting which difficulties had arisen , to a decision as soon as possible . observed , that something should be done before the 10th day of April next . rose , and 1012 stating his opinion that sufficient proof did not appear to sustain the charge against this man , he moved that his name should be omitted . said , that he was a member of the committee appointed to try this case , in which it appeared that John Raw-bone was present at a table , when another person received a bribe , and this in consequence of a previous invitation . The committee , therefore , felt it their duty to report his name , leaving it to the House to decide whether his presence upon the occasion alluded to should be considered an assent to the act , and a participation of the guilt . thought that it would be extremely wrong , upon the grounds stated by the hon . member , to institute any such prosecution against the subject of this motion , as that which took place in the Hchuster case.—The motion was agreed to . rose , agreeably to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent bribery and corruption in the election of representatives for the borough of Aylesbury . The hon . Baronet observed upon the scandalous system of corruption which prevailed at Aylesbury during the last