affairs of the Bank of Ireland would , in the present circumstances of the country , produce an injurious rather than a beneficial effect . No case had been made out which was sufficient to justify such an interference . The inconveniencies which it would produce , and the alarm which it would excite throughout the country , would far more than counterbalance any supposed advantages which would attend it . The bill of restriction which it had been found necessary to continue for some years past , was , he was ready to confess , not a measure in itself desirable , but which was found necessary to prevent greater inconveniencies than if such a bill had not passed . The experience of a few years had pointed out the expediency of such a measure , nor did he apprehend it was politically safe and adviseable in the present state of warfare , and when the minds of many were alarmed with the threats of invasion , to revert to the old system of admitting payments in specie to be demanded of the bank . It was true , that a considerable increase in the quantity of notes had been issued by the Bank of Ireland since the measure of restricting the payment in specie , had been adopted . It was to be observed at the panic time , that this did not produce a proportionate decrease in the quantity of the current coin , and this his lordship thought could be clearly proved from an examination of various official documents , some of which lie held his hand , and from facts which had occurred in the history of coining in this country.—In the year 1793 , the number of provincial banks were at least 400 , and within a given period after the restriction was laid on , they were number from o50 to 360 . Me contended , that the paper circulation did not tend to drive the coin out of the country . A diminution of the cash in the country , to whatever degree it may occasionally take place , was atributable to very different causes : if may arise tiara the balance of trade and of payments , which , as they were in favour or against a country , tended either to extract cash or to cause an influx of it . The demands for coin at the Clint were , during his Majesty 's reign , and more especially the latter part of it , incomparably greater than at any former periods : during the present reign , the coinages exceeded 64,600,000l in his last Majesty 's 706 reign 11,000,000l . ; in that of George I . 8,000,000l . of Queen Anne 2,000,000l . and in King William 's reign 10,000,000l . ; for the last twenty years 32,00O,00Ol . were coined . So much for the amount of specie coined and circulated within the country , at different periods . On this ground , therefore , no deficiency could have happened , as to the quantity of the current coin . The scarcity which had arisen must have operated from extraneous and temporary circumstances . Such were the two years of scarcity , during the years 1796 and 1797 in addition to which , large sums were sent nut of the country in the way of loans , or foreign subsidies , during the war in which this country was then engaged . But when bountiful seasons afterwards succeeded , and the continental war drew to n close , money never became more plentiful . This was particularly the ease during the latter part of 1797 and 1798 ; and that , too , at a period when the restriction from payment in specie was imposed upon the Bank of England . These considerations sufficiently proved that the stoppage of the bank was not the cause of the evil complained of , but that it was owing to the large remittances in cash which had been sent to foreign countries in purchase of com , and which amounted to several millions , and to the large subsidies and