he ought not to endeavour to make them think meanly of themselves , but to inspire them with spirit and with confidence , and that he could only do by she wing them that they were equal to what they had undertaken , and therefore this doctrine of the right hon . gent , was as injurious to the corps to which he was attached as it was to the general system of the volunteer service . For the right hon . gent , said , that they were not only unfit now for what they are intended for , but that they are totally incapable of becoming of any utility whatever ; this , he said , arose from the democratic nature of their constitution ; and , in support of this , he read the articles of one of these bodies . The learned gent , said , he really did not know exactly to what corps the right hon . gent , alluded ; but , he said , he himself had been an unworthy member of a volunteer corps , to whom he did believe the right hon . gent , intended his observation to apply , but to which it did not apply with justice , namely , that not only the officers were chosen by the corps , but also that the whole of the military concerns of the corps were under the controul and management of a committee . If there was any strong objection to the formation or to the regulation of that corps , and if the constitution of it was upon a false or an improper foundation , that was not the fault of the present ministers , because that corps was approved of under the : administration of the right hon . gent , himself ; but this was an observation , that occurred so frequently on the objection which that right hon . gent , had been in the habit of making since he was out of administration , that he should not insist much upon it . But he must take the liberty of refuting the assertion of the right hon . gent. , that these committees controled the military concerns of the corps . The tact was , 302 that these committees had nothing upon earth , to do with the military affairs of the corps . They were a body who conduct their own expenses , and all they had to do was of a civil nature entirely . They did not , in the least degree interfere with the military authority of the officers , nor with any one thing that was of a military nature . With respect to the idea of the right hon . gent. , in having what he called an armed peasantry , he would save the regular army nothing by that with regard to officers of experience , for the armed peasantry would as much require officers of experience as the volunteer corps . And as to the objection of the right hon . gent , to the volunteers , on account of their corrupting the regulars , because the volunteers would not be under martial law , that was an error in the right hon . gentleman 's assertion , for the moment they joined the regular army they would be under martial law . The objection that the volunteer system tended to confusion of rank , was ill-founded ; for , generally speaking , men of rank and character were the objects of choice with the corps . The impediments this system threw in the way of recruiting , his noble friend had answered by a statement of facts . If there was any doubt whether a volunteer would enter into the regular service , the practice was in the affirmative ; but if any doubt existed upon that matter , it was proper to remove such doubt by the bill which was now in the House , and stood for a second reading to-night upon the subject of Exemptions of Volunteers . But what he wished to submit to the House most of all was