to serve for a time , or only to the 24,000 who are assembled and on permanent duty : that 24,000 was a considerable number for an emergency he was willing to admit , but in making a great effort , such as ought now to be made by means of a body of more than 300,000 men , he should hope that many more eight be immediately put in this situation , and he should wish this matter to be explained , hut on this he was not so anxious to say much , provided he was assured that the encouragement of pay was meant to be offered to all volunteers who may wish to profit in their military acquirements : but on the subject of the bounty . as mentioned by the right hon . gent , he doubted whether 676 what was proposed , or rather what was stated , would be satisfactory , or even admissible when it came to be considered . The right hon . gent , said , they were to have pay for 21 days on which they should be on permanent duty , but that the guinea which was to be advanced to them was to be deducted out of the original two guineas intended to be allowed in the event of their going into the field , the one on their proceeding to march , the other on their return home after having expelled the enemy.—Now , that did appear to him to be a very bad system to make them efficient for actual invasion , and inverting the order of things it was adding nothing to what was originally intended to be given , and it was misplacing that which was to be allowed ; for it was giving to the men nothing when they were to be most wanted , but taking away all the effect of what was intended to be given , for it was transposing the time , and changing a I gift into that winch was the reverse of it , for by this mode of deducting the guinea out of the two guineas originally intended for each volunteer who shall march to repel I an invasion , he would have nothing on the march , if he had received his guinea on being first embodied ; so that when the volunteers ought to be most encouraged , government proposed fresh duty to them instead of bounty , and , therefore , he could not help thinking that this part of the plan , as opened by she right hon . gent , would appear , upon further consideration , such as could not be persisted in . This was only saying , that if an invasion came , 200,000l . might be saved to the country . Now , if we were sure they would return home to enjoy the sight of their families and children secured by their valour and enjoying the thought of that idea , and the still more glorious one , that of their country being secured in triumph , he should hardly think that in the most sober disposition that any man could view economy , he would conceive that the happiness of that day would be much increased by the reflection , that 200,0OOl . had been saved to the country by the scrupulous policy of the executive government , and therefore he hoped that the right hon . gent , would , upon reflection , think this part of his policy hardly worth adhering to ; and that when this matter came to be stated in detail in the Committee , there would be a disposition to reconsider it . If the volunteer has had his guinea on being first put on his permanent duty , and that is to be deducted out of his original two guineas , as had been originally stated , he will have nothing on his march against the ene- 677 my ; or if having it on his march , he will then have had his two guineas , and he will have nothing on his return home , and