consequently cramped . This could only be effected by enabling ( hem so to regulate their rates of interest , as to maintain that respectability to their bonds , at market , which would prevent a decided preference of other-funds , to the depreciation of theirs . The hon . member had said , that the bonds of the company stood in no need of such aid , for that they at present enjoyed an advantage at market over Exchequer Bills , on account of their interest being payable half yearly . The fact , however , was otherwise ; for Exchequer Bills were now at a premium of one shilling above par , whereas India Bonds were at a discount of two shillings . The noble lord then went generally into some financial statements of the company , in support of the bill : and contended that the increase of interest on their bonds was 137 necessary to give them currency abroad . He concluded by expressing a hope that the House would not refuse this indulgence to a great trading company , in whom the revenue and the state were so materially concerned . said , the statement of the noble lord this night was in perfect consistency with the conduct adopted uniformly by him respecting the affairs of the company . In the last session , he amused the House with a pompous statement of the flourishing situation of their finances , and the brilliant prospects of their prosperity : but what is the first illustration the noble lord gives in this session ? Why , a new plea of embarrassment , and a new appeal to the indulgence of the House , for the privilege of borrowing money , to answer their exigencies , at a much higher interest than any other corporate body , or individual in this country , dares venture to offer . Such was the conduct he should ever expect from the noble lord , so long as he presided over the conduct of India affairs ; ever complaining of existing embarrassments , and ever holding out specious promises of future prosperity . said , that the present bill purported no more than a temporary relief to the India Company , from a species of embarrassment which in time of war must more or less affect all borrowers , public or private . The government of the country , at such times , always filled up its loans upon worse terms than were to be had in times of peace ; and no company or individual could expect to be exempt from similar disadvantages : there was nothing , therefore , unreasonable , or unfair , in this mode of enabling the India Company to meet the terms upon which only their demands could be supplied . said , the object of the bill was not to place the company in a better situation , but to prevent it from being placed in a worse situation . India bonds were coming in every day to be paid , and if the Property Tax was to be deducted at the India-House in fractional parts , according to the number of weeks and days upon which it might be necessary to calculate , it would create endless confusion and embarrassment , and must tend to depreciate the bonds . also supported the bill ; and denied there was any truth in the arguments of the hon . gent , opposite him ( Mr. Johnson ) , that there was any proof in this bill of any embarrassment in the circumstances of the East-India Company , or 138 any thing which could found a fair opinion against their prosperity.—After some further conversation , the question was put and carried , and the House having resolved itself into a Committee upon the bill , went through the same , and it was ordered to be reported to-morrow . returned by the Committee member for Water-ford instead of Mr. Alcock , took the oaths and his seat.—A private petition was brought up respecting the widening of the Canterbury Road . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr .