government at once to meet the expenses of those corps by a parliamentary provision . He earnestly recommended an impartial examination of the real strength of the volunteer corps . He did not believe that it amounted to what was stated , 380,000 . And , if that , how much was disciplined , and able to take the field ? How many able to march 100 miles from home ? He contended that a regular army , to a very large extent , and more economical , might have been raised.—In concluding , he reprobated the raising the spirit of the country by brutal and ferocious prints . Foreign invasion was enough to kindle an Englishman 's valour , whether it was by the Demi-God of the Thuilleries , or the Devil Incarnate of the Printsellers in Piccadilly . Henry IV or Bonaparte were to be dreaded alike as Invaders . Ministers continued to act without any plan or system whatever . explained the circumstances which had occured in the Southwark corps . He said , that himself and his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) were in similar situations in many respects ; they were both colonels , both had corps composed of their constituents , and both might be supposed desirous to stand well with them . The fact was , that one of the companies came to a resolution , declif- 561 ing that they would not serve unless under an officer of their own choosing . Against this proceeding , however desirous to preserve the good will of his constituents , he found him , if obliged , in his military character , to protest and he should have been warning in his duty to the King , if he had suffered meninsisting on such a principle to continue with arms in their hands . In consequence of this affair , another of the companies adhered to the company reduced ; but eight out of ten of which the corps consisted never made any pretension to the right claimed by the other two . And now one of those companies had again come forward to serve under the principle which he had held out to them ; and twenty-seven of fifty of the other company had petitioned to be allowed to serve in the same manner . This was the whole extent of the affair alluded to by his honourable friend ; and he did not see that it had either produced or threatened those disagreeable consequences which had been suggested . said , that it was not his intention to go at length into this question at present , there were a few points only on which he begged leave to touch ; particularly as being in the nature of remarks on what had passed in the debate , they could not so well be brought forward on a future occasion . The right honourable gentleman under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) had alluded to the conduct of the admiralty ; on that subject he was not at present prepared to give any opinion . He confessed that he was partial to this noble lord at the head of that department he admired his professional talents , and gratefully acknowledged his public services . Lord St. Vincent had all his good wishes , and on this account he most heartily wished him a better defender than Lord Castlereagh . That noble lord had defended the first lord of the admiralty , by a comparison with what had been done by former naval administrations . He talked of the navy in 1755 , when in fact , the scale of naval force then was no more a standard of naval force now , than that of 1755 was to be measured by the navies of antiquity . The question was not , what , the naval strength of this country in any former war was , but what were the means , and what were the necessities of service , by which our exertions were to be regulated . It was not by referring to dates , and by summing up statements ,