that the rate of insurance was lower at present than in 1801 , before the present Board came into office . said , he rose to express his regret , not unmixed with indiguation , at 611 the observations which had fallen from a gent , early in the debate ( Mr. Francis ) , because they tended to degrade and vilify the system of defence to which the country was to trust . That system was not , nor could be unobjectionable but if any delay have been made , the enemy would have been in the heart of the country before any effectual preparation had been made to repel them . He should not then take notice of any of the minor objections , but should barely advert to one which seemed to strike at the port or the system , namely , that half-drilled troops would be serviceable only for parade , and not in action . A German officer , he was inclined to think , or a British officer with German feelings , might be disappointed with such troops , but he was convinced a British officer with British feelings , would know how to avail himself of the enthusiasm and bravery of the British people in so glorious a cause . Last war had furnished a striking example of what was to be expected from an armed peasantry . The levy en-masse in Flanders in 1793 , which was neither composed of regular troops , nor consisted : of an armed peasantry , and fighting for their country , and every thing dear to them , could yet not make any impress on on British troops . So long ago as June , it had been said , that 100,000 men would not be terrified by a few shots , nor prevented from making their attempt . What had delayed their attempt , what had prevented thrill from attempting the capital ? `` What , but the vigour of his Majesty 's councils.—He thought the volunteer system a glorious defence . It was not perfect , but it might be made so , if all parties would unite to strengthen his Majesty 's government , instead of uniting to turn out his ministers . thought that the bill would interfere with the other acts for the defence of the country , and the dearest prerogatives of his Majesty . The dangers of the country were so imminent , that it had been well staled , the youngest in the House might not outlive them . He deprecated , therefore , every measure of expediency , on an occasion so serious and alarming . The hon . baronet then adverted to the different distinctions between the volunteers , those under the act of the 42d of the King , and those subsequently accepted . The former amounted to 90.941 those under the Defence Act to 245,110 , and , by the exemptions , that proportion of the prime population of the empire was shut out from the army of reserve or militia . The consequence was , that the ballot fell upon the married man , which laid a heavy expense on their 612 parishes . The hon ; baronet spoke at some length ; all his observations went to establish the distinction between what he conceived the different species of volunteers , and the injury the public service sustained from the exemptions . seemed to think the . volunteers , on their present system , preferable to armed peasantry ; the dress of the volunteers being like the line he thought advantageous , as it would prevent the enemy 's tirailleurs killing off officers from particular corps . He , however , objected to the Speaker 's leaving the chair , as he thought the volunteer system well enough as it was ; There was no necessity for the bill indeed , the Court of King's-Bench had sufficiently declared the law , and put the question on that hear to rest . If the bill went on , the people would fear there was something in its future operation that they now had no