it possible the Lord Lieut. , I again repeat , could at such a moment wish the recall of the commander in chief , and not cast a censure on him ? It could not be . I assert that government here , when they knew the disposition and opinion of the government of Ireland , did not take proper means to investigate the cause of their wish , and ascertain where the blame , in fact , existed . In such a state of the case it is trifling to say no censure is implied . It is not consistent with common sense to exact martial law and suspend the Habeas Corpus Act , for a riot so contemptible , as the rising of the 23d of July was now represented . In the nature of things , it can not be that ministers are sincere on that point ; and , if the rising be once serious , blame must attach somewhere . —I can only repeat on that subject what was said upon it by a right hon . friend near me , ( Mr. Yorke ) when the debate relative to those , bills took place . If the right hon . gent , did not then chose to attend in his place , he has no right now to call on the subject pending another discussion . — '' Sir ; the unprovoked way in which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) has thought proper to attack a noble relative of mine , and the unusual terms of asperity be has used , makes it necessary for me to say a few words . Upon the subject of Ireland , I say , let every one come forward and explain what he knows : then , `` Fiat justitia ruat Cœlum , '' If the right hon . gent , means , in the exculpation of the 229 commander in chief , to attach blame to the civil government of Ireland , then must I oppose his object . The facts of the case are nearly as follows . No information was in possession of the government of Ireland of any intention of a rising being near , till the explosion of the powder mill on the 18th of July . Of this event intelligence was sent in a letter to the commander in chief . He had left Dublin on a military tour , and did not receive it till his return on the 20th . Next day . the 21st , a gentleman waited on government to say , from certain appearances among his mm , he conjectured a rising would take place the next day . On the 22d he came again , saying , all appearances of commotion had since subsided , and that he thought he was wrong in his ideas yesterday , tie returned on the 23d , and declared his conviction that now in earnest it was about to break out . Other circumstances and intelligence concurring , the government of Ireland was convinced of the fact . The Lord Lieutenant , who was at the Phoenix Park , was sent for , and , calling on the commander in chief , they came to the castle in his coach together . Here the officers of state were assembled , and the communication was made by the respective officers in the presence of the commander in chief and Lord Lieutenant . The opinion , as to a rise that day , and the grounds of them , were thought not to be of importance , and it is justice to say , government did not know of the depot or intended rising in other parts of Ireland . It certainly was not thought serious ; but who would not have thought , on this statement , that the commander in chief would have taken every necessary precaution ? I will ask you , if , on this intelligence , known equally to both , it was not more the office of the commander in chief to warn his officers than the Lord Lieutenant ?