, that if they had , they might not have been condemned . The distinction , however , was immaterial . The value was given for the ships taken at the Helder . The two other instances were , the ships destroyed by Lord Nelson at Aboukir , and those destroyed and taken at Copenhagen , in both which compensation was given . He only asked that the House would not , in this instance , take advantage of the want of condemnation , and that they would give the officers and seamen employed at Toulon the value of those ships which they had taken , and which had been employed in his Majesty 's service . It might be asked , if the claim he-now made was so just , how it happened that it was not brought forward sooner ? From the nature of the terms agreed upon with respect to the ships taken possession of , it was evident it could not be brought forward during the war . Afterwards , some time was taken up in the consideration of the subject . The reports of the Board of Admiralty and Ordnance were made on the 31st of March and the 1st of April last year . There was no necessity to real to the recollection of gent , how much govt . and parliament had been employed from the 1st of April to the end of the last session . On the 31st of Aug. the Privy Council finally recommended the remuneration , and it was approved of by his Majesty . He did not think it proper to bring forward a subject of such importance in the present session previous to the Christmas recess , when the attendance was thin , and afterwards it had been delayed from obvious reasons . He wished , however , that whatever blame might be attached to the delay , it might be 1065 wholly imputed to him , and that it might not be suffered to injure the cause of Lord Hood , or the officers and seamen who were under his command , and who , he trusted , would experience that attention and indulgence which the House were always disposed to shew to British officers and British seamen . He concluded by moving , that a sum not exceeding 265,336l . be granted to his Majesty , to be distributed to the officers and seamen under the command of Lord Hood at the capture of Toulon , being the estimated value of the ships and vessels taken possession of upon that occasion , and the ordnance and stores on board them . bore testimony to the excellent character left behind them at Toulon by Lord Hood , Lord Hotham , and the other Officers serving there . Had any of them fallen in that affair , the House would not have hesitated to have voted them a monument ; and with respect to those who survived , let it not be said , that , when living , you denied them bread , to whom , if dead , you would have given a stone . felt it a painful task to oppose a motion like the present , where personal feelings were interested , and especially the feelings of persons who had so signally deserved of their country . There was a distinction to be taken in the present question , it was intended to decide on the interest , not on the honour of the persons concerned . But to make it plain and distinct , it was only necessary to determine it was a. question of right ; or to examine whether it came before the House as a case of liberality ? Perhaps the right hon . gent , intended to make it assume both aspects . For his arguments appealed at one time to the liberality , at another to the justice of the House . It was true , indeed , that in such cases , it seldom happened that the liberality of the House was appealed to in vain.—If , however , the House was to decide according to