doubt , yet a change not at all of the sort which many were hastily led to suppose . Though there would be much less correspondence in the right hon . gent 's office , fewer orders and counter-orders , less annoyance , less disturbance , fewer disputes , less of the present evils , great and small , of the system , and though much would ; no doubt be lost of the progressive improvement in the common practice and ; training , yet the men would all remain , there would be the same bodies , the same limbs , and the same hearts , and , upon any alarm , the same disposition to run together again , either as some have supposed of the atoms at the last day into precisely the same shapes , or into new combinations 987 possibly not less advantageous . The House must not run away , therefore , with a , notion , that to dissolve the volunteers , was utterly to deprive the country of all the benefit of that force in the same manner or to the same degree , as would happen in the reduction of any other military body . And this consideration would apply to that other head of inquiry ; viz . the prudence or possibility of making any material change , with a danger impending such as that by which we wore now threatened . It was said , our system may have been ill-conceived , our means ill-chosen , the posture into which we have thrown ourselves not the best calculated to give us the benefit of our strength : but what can now be done ? To attempt to change our course of proceedings Be , would be as dangerous as a general 's attempting to change his positions at the moment when he was expecting an attack.—This argument he heard , he confessed , with great distrust , because it never failed to be urged from the beginning , and at periods when it was evident now that it was not true . It was the argument which had been in constant use to cover every thing that was wrong , and to make it impossible that an error once begun , should ever be set right . We had been forever in the state of a horse , who having got into a false gallop , was so pressed on by the injudiciousness of his rider , that he had never time to change and to get right again . We were acting upon the instruction sometimes ludicrously given to a foot messenger , `` to make such haste , that if he should tumble down , he must not stay to get up again . '' But , in opposition to such maxims , he must say , that on this , as on almost every other occasion , there must be a comparison of evils , and that it was not sufficient to say , there will be great mischief or danger in doing this or that , without taking into consideration what would be the evil or danger of not so doing . He would accept the comparison of a general who had got into a bad position , arid was threatened with an attack , and admit the danger in such circumstances , of his attempting to make his position better ; yet if lie knew that he must be attacked in that position , and that , if attacked , he must to a certainty be beat , it might be necessary for him to attempt the change , with whatever danger it might be attended . A ship , in like manner , going before the wind , might be so pressed by the gale , that , to tack would 988 hazard instant destruction ; yet if destruction were inevitable by continuing her course , if there were a shore a-head that admitted of no escape , the attempt to tack must be made , whatever consequences might be apprehended . Such he felt to be the situation of this country .