, and upon asking Euclid , or some such bum drum fellow , how he might become so , was answered , `` that there was no royal road to mathematics . '' He concluded with expressing his hope , that the House would not , by its decision this night , violate the letter and spirit of an act of Parliament , passed for its own guidance , by assuming a discretionary power of dispensing , in any case , with its positive letter , and obvious spirit and meaning , and thereby create a precedent , which would , to ail intents and purposes , annul that act , and open a door to endless litigations . The question being put on Mr. fox 's original motion ; the House divided , Ayes , 24 ; Noes . 06 ; Majority 72. wished to know whether estimates of the expenses of the barrack department were meant to be laid before the House . He thought this a subject of the first importance , and highly worthy of investigation . professed his readiness to grant every paper which could put the House in possession of the fullest information on the subject . stated , that the papers alluded to , were prepared , and would be produced as they were regularly moved for.—On the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the papers were ordered to be produced.—The other orders being disposed of , the House adjourned . adverting to a subject which he touched on last Session of Parliament , wished to know in what manner certain annuities granted in the reign of Queen Anne , amounting to upwards of 46,000l . arising from a capital of 877,000l . which had fallen in during the present year , and a. sum of about a million of capital which would fall in , in the course of next year , were to be applied . said , that in the annual accounts laid before the House the sums alluded to by the noble earl would undoubtedly be accounted for , and the mode of their appropriation pointed out . confessed himself satisfied on this head , but said there was another point of great importance , to which he wished to call the attention of the House . The subject lie alluded to was the volunteers . He should now merely touch on the point , as the decision of the court of King's-Bench of yesterday , had rendered it unnecessary for him to take the ground , which , in the event of a contrary judgment , he should have found himself called on to occupy . He felt no hesitation in giving it as his opinion , that , in the event of a contrary decision , every volunteer in the kingdom would have retired in disgust . He intended , in that event , to have submitted a motion to the consideration of the House , which he should now read . As his lordship was proceeding to read the motion , he was I called to order by who objected to any motion being read which was not properly before the House . asserted his right to make any motion which he might think consistent with the discharge of his duty . also spoke to order . The noble earl , as he understood him , had I only stated , that if an event had not taken place , he intended to have submitted his motion to the House . In this view of the case , Lord Walsingham was correct in objecting to its being read . If , however , it was the noble earl 's intention to submit it to the House , he was clearly intitled so to do . said , that it surely was his intention to submit his motion to the consideration of their Lordships , though , on account of the decision to which he had alluded , he should abstain from the remarks he must otherwise have made . He concluded , by moving , that a committee of naval and military officers ,