greater part of its principal agents have been brought to justice , and that although much of disaffection is understood to pervade the Irish nation , yet tranquillity nevertheless exists ; but is not die existence of that tranquillity to be secured by precisely the same means to which the country was indebted for its attainment , by the precautionary measures which formed the subject of the present debate ? And surely it is not unfair or irrational to say , that best measure have contributed a large share in restoring peace to Ireland , and that they will materially tend to preserve that peace we have the strongest reasons to believe . These is nothing in his Majesty 's speech that implies an opinion that disaffection did not exist in Ireland ; or that it was not necessary to invest the Irish government with the extraordinary powers of the bill before the house ; on the contrary , such powers were deemed essentially necessary , to enable that government effectually to repel an invading enemy , and to repress domestic treason . In announcing the restoration of tranquility in Ireland , it was very natural for the paternal mind of his Majesty to feel , and benevolently to express a hope that , not with standing the disaffection that unhappily prevailed , his deluded subjects would return to their allegiance ; and this hope was , in a great degree , justified by the improvement which was known to have taken place in the public mind in Ireland ; but this improvement was not such as to induce ministers to believe that it would as yet be sate to relax the power , of the Irish government , for I am still of opening in that a much greater share of disaffection at present exists in Ireland , than ever did in this country at any of the various periods when precautionary measures , said are to that under debate , were very properly enacted , and particularly du- 120 ring the right hon . gentleman 's connexion with the cabinet . That nothing has been conveyed by his Majesty 's speech , so often referred to , and so unjustly commented upon , and that nothing lien in any manner come from his Majesty 's ministers to contravene the opinion that a great deal of disaffection is to be found in Ireland , which renders it necessary to arm the Irish government with extraordinary powers , I will most decidedly maintain ; yet the right hon . gent , has charged ministers with holding one kind of language at the commencement of the session , and another kind to support the measure under consideration , with , accordsng to the right hon . gentleman 's own phrase , `` riding fast and loose . '' But in reply to the remark accusing ministers of inconsistency with respect to the statement of the rebellion , I must observe , that it is greatly exaggerated by the right hon . gentleman ; that it is by no means so formidable as this discussion would imply , although it is of such a size and magnitude as to justify the proceedings of the Irish government , and to call on a wise legislature for the assent so promptly given to the grant of powers which that government thought necessary for the public safety , and to enable them to prevent an evil which , co-operating with the attacks and stratagems of an invading enemy , might be productive of incalculable mischief . With respect then to the amount and extent of the Irish rebellion , I repeat that it is very far short of the description of the right hon . gentleman , but yet sufficient to render it the duty of government to bring forward the measure before the house . I will seriously ask any man , whether the insurrection of the 23d of Jul ) ' , was not the symptom of such a disposition , as might break forth , if not closely watched and guarded against , by the provisions of such a measure , as