. gent. , the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland , for the candid and liberal manner in which he had conducted himself upon this occasion , but he was sorry to find that the 4 per cent , duty upon Irish exports was to be continued upon every part of the exports of Ireland . The rt . hon . gent . had himself acknowledged , on a former occasion , that the provision trade of Ireland was in a languishing condition , and he thought that was a sufficient reason why it should be exempt from the general export duty.—He then adverted to the tax upon leather , which , he said , had been kid on under an idea that it could net exceed id . per pound , but in fact it was considerably more.—The taxes on saltpetre he particularly condemned , as tending to injure the provision trade of Ireland , which was already too much on the decline ; and the proposed abrogation of the drawback heretofore allowed on the exportion of foreign herrings , he was instructed to say , would be attended with serious mischief to the city of Cork , which he had the honour to represent , and which had derived a profit of not less thin 80 or 90,000l . per ann . from that the . Independently of this loss to a particular port , he recommended to the it . hon . gem . to consider the injury that would be done to the carrying trade , by removing this encou- 811 ragement to cur commerce ; and also that if the drawback were set aside , our West India islands were likely to be supplied with herrings by Sweden and other powers . If these points were not attended to , he much feared that such inattention would contribute to aggravate the discontent which prevailed in Ireland , in consequence of the conduct pursued by the present ministers towards that unfortunate country , since their accession to power . This was a consideration , however , which they did not appear much to value , for instead of attempting to conciliate , to cultivate the good opinion of the Irish people , instead of conceding to their just claims , they had manifested a disposition , if that disposition could be judged of from the conduct of their ostensible and favourite agent in Ireland , to impugn the inclinations , to wound the pride , to insult the feelings , and to traduce the character of nine-tenths of the Irish people . said , that with regard to the export tax upon linen , considering it as he did as a war tax , he should certainly not oppose it ; but , he wished the right hon . gent , to advert to one circumstance , which he considered as bearing hard upon Ireland . By the articles of union , if there was a surplus of any foreign article either in Great Britain or Ireland , it might be exported to the other with a full drawback of the duty : but if a merchant in Ireland wished to export tobacco , for instance , to England , he could only do it in a vessel of a certain size ; this appeared to him to be an impediment upon trade . With regard to the window tax , when it was laid on in Ireland , it was always considered as a war tax , though now it was made a permanent one . adverted to the state of the exchange between Gt . Britain and Ireland , and said it was a subject that called for the immediate attention of Parliament . With regard to the schedule before the House , the rt . hon . gent , had certainly attended with the utmost candour to the representations of the merchants upon the subject , and in most instances their wishes were complied with ; in others , however , they were not . There were two articles particularly upon which he thought a reduction of duty ought to take place ,