. It was no matter to us whether Buonaparté existed or not , while France was the military nation she was , we must bear a relative proportion to that military power . He admitted , however , that no addition ought to be made to the condition of any man who entered into his military service that would be a breach of faith—The hon . baronet then took up the subject of popularity , as stated by Mr. Hiley Addington , and said , that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) could never be , unpopular among those who knew how to value a man versed in ancient , and intimately acquainted with every branch of modern learning , who knew how to esteem private 345 worth and public virtue . As to the `` gross ignorance '' which the right hon . gent . had thought proper to apply to his light hon . friend , he was astonished , and he believed that every member present was also astonished , that it should ever have entered into the head of that gentleman to make an insinuation of so extravagant a nature.—He concluded by insisting on the distinction which he had taken between the two classes of volunteers , those of the 42d , arid those of the 43d of the King ; the first he thought entitled to ail exemptions , the other to none . in answer to what had fallen from the worthy Alderman ( Price ) , thought that the facility of recruiting in provincial districts , as compared with the difficulty staled to exist in London , did not arise from the cause stated by ( he worthy alderman , namely , the giving of higher bounties in the former than in the latter , but from the circumstance of a vast number or working artisans being dismissed from their employment at . Birmingham , Sheffield , Manchester , and various other manufacturing towns , as the returns from those towns would prove . These men , when they were unemployed , and saw no chance of being reinstated , immediately formed the idea of enlisting in the line or militia ; and instead of going from town to town to look for higher bounties , repaired to the next town where they could be received ; and this would account for the difference of facility in raising recruits in the country . With respect to the volunteers themselves , as lie had not had an opportunity of speaking his sentiments , he wished to say a few words . It had been pretty much the fashion to charge a right hon . gent , near him ( Mr. Windham ) with disparaging those corps , as utterly useless and unfit for service . He , for one , never conceived the arguments of that right hen . gent , in that view , but merely as meaning that his Majesty 's ministers did not use the military population of the country in the way which he thought most efficient . For his own part , however , he felt no disposition to undervalue the services of the volunteers ; on the contrary , he thought they would be rendered highly serviceable and efficient for the defence of the country . As to discipline , however , as compared with troops of the line , or established militia , that was out of the question . The nature of the service , and the opportunities that had occurred for training the volunteers , admitted of no comparison with the other troops , In aid of those troops , however , he thought they would form an important branch of the pub- 346 lic force ; and he thought that as that service must depend chiefly on the high spirit and good will of the corps , a liberal conduct from those who were to direct their operations should be observed , and that government should not be over nice or strict in the minuter details of their discipline . suggested to the hon . baronet ( Sir W. Young )