any thing to make us interfere afterwards , except the lapse of time , which , as my right hon . friend has said , we must count upon this most interesting subject by days and by hours.—There are , let me remind the House , two moments to be kept in view , the moment of inquiry and the moment of proceeding . This question has been argued , as if the consequence of a communication to Parliament must be the immediate adoption of some measure to supply the deficiency of the executive government . But this is not the case . We do not call for any parliamentary proceeding , but for an inquiry : and upon the result of that inquiry it would depend , whether any further proceeding were necessary or not.—Now , Sir , the reports respecting the state of his Majesty 's health are those only on which we can place any reliance ; yet , what is very extraordinary , the Chancellor of the Exchequer tells us , we are not to be guided by these reports . He not only says , you are to rely on me in preference , nay in opposition to the physicians , but he goes still farther , and tells you what the physicians mean to say . He is determined not only to declare against their opinions , but he is resolved , that they shall not be permitted to put their own meaning on their own words . The physicians say , that his Majesty 's recovery can only be gradual ; but the fact , says the hon . gentleman , is not so . `` The physicians did , to be sure , put such language into the report ; but it was not thus that their meaning is to be understood . They only used this language to quiet the popular anxiety , and to put an end to ru- 524 mours out of doors ; but I can give you certain information , that the report of the physicians is quite short of the truth , and that his Majesty is , at this moment , fully adequate to the functions of Royalty . '' Surely , Sir , this is to take a most unwarrantable liberty , both with the characters of the physicians who are described to have acted thus , and with the duties and dignity of the House to whom such a representation is addressed . To ascertain what these duties are , let us see what is the fact . It is now about fourteen days , since the House and the country received the alarming and afflicting notification , of the King 's indisposition . The very notification proved that the illness could not be of a very slight or transient nature ; and , undoubtedly , the general opinion was , that the illness , whatever was its kind , was in degree such as prevented for the time , the exercise of the Royal functions . The House decidedly acted upon this persuasion , having , by a sort of general agreement , than which nothing could be more proper nor more decorous , and in which the ministers had their full share , suspended all business that was not of a mere private or formal nature . What information has the House received upon the subject since that time ? —the report of yesterday which precludes the hope of a rapid amendment . The facts thus stated , constitute the true description of the situation of the country . We know , by authority that his Majesty is ill : we believe his illness to extend to the degree that I have described ; and we are now told that a rapid recovery from this illness is not to be expected . The country is , therefore , in a most alarming state , and upon the principle now laid down , it may continue in that state for any indefinite time longer . The House , in cases of this sort , may , for a while , dissemble its