fully explained ; and , indeed , he had already framed a motion on the subject , which he meant to have made , had his intention not been anticipated by the noble lord . If the noble lord wished to have , in minute detail , the precise sums 648 paid to every minor officer of the Irish government resident here , with the several dates of payment attached , he had no objection to lay it before the House ; but , possibly , it might answer the noble lord 's purpose , as well , to have the total sums remitted at each period , as paid at par . The motion which he had framed , and which he would have cheerfully submitted to the noble lord , had he asked him in private , would have gone much further than the noble lord 's motion , for it would have required , in addition , the existing rate of exchange on the date of each remittance , and the exceeding above par on each , which would ascertain at once the precise object of the noble lord , and save gentlemen the trouble of a tedious calculation . If the noble lord had no objection to adopt this motion , instead of the one he had proposed , he was welcome to accept it . thanked the right hon . gent , and could have no objection to adopt that shape he had given to the motion ; but observed , that it omitted a principal point which he wished to learn , namely , the orders by which such remittances were made . declared himself willing to accede , adding , that no such order was made , except by the Treasury of Ireland , or the Chancellor of the Exchequer , by whom the payments to minor officers here were made in checks on the Bank . understood , that payments were made to officers resident in Ireland at ; par , and . therefore , he wished to add , byway of amendment to the motion , the words , `` in or ' , before the words , `` from Ireland . `` —Agreed to . Upon which the motion passed in this shape , and the account was accordingly ordered . rose , in consequence of what he had mentioned on a former night , respecting the assessment of income tax upon the others of certain regiments in the district where he resided , in a mode , which , it seemed , had the sanction of his Majesty 's Attorney-General ; and he meant now to give notice of his intention to bring forward , at a future day , a motion , in some shape , from the discussion of which he should hope to induce the House to exempt subaltern officers from that tax altogether ; but which motion he should precede by another , for an Account of the amount of the sums levied under the income tax bill , upon officers of the army and militia , up to the 5th of Nov. , so far as the same could be made up . He did not mean to be particular in specifying each regiment , but the gross amount . said , if the noble lord had only thought fit to ask the question across the House , or in private of him , there could be no objection to satisfy his curiosity ; but since he had avowed his object , and the purpose to which he intended to apply the information , he thought the motion of too much importance to be granted as a motion of course , without previous notice . said , he did not intrude the motion now ; he only meant to give notice or ' bringing it forward on Wednesday next . rose , and said , that he had given notice a few days ago of his intention to bring forward , this day , a motion for a Committee , to inquire into the causes of the present exorbitant state of the exchange between