the House , and warn them how they permit either sophistry , or a mere quibble of the law to frustrate the claims of acknowledged merits to the strongest proofs of their liberality . Aware of the great , and interesting business now standing in succession in the order of the day , I shall not trouble the committee further , and earnestly hope the . remuneration recommended by his Majesty in council will be voted without another dissentient voice . considered this motion to involve a question more proper for the Admiralty Court to decide upon than that House ; and as he knew nothing more dangerous than any interference on the part of the House with whatever belonged to the jurisdiction of the courts of law , he should 1069 therefore conceive it his duty to oppose the motion . explained what he had said with respect to the original capture of those ships . He admitted that there was something of the character of a convention about it , but not such an one as that attributed to it by the learned gent , on the other side , lie denied that he had ever pressed this motion as a claim of right , lie urged it as an appeal to the liberality of the House ; and he confessed that he felt it to be an appeal to something more than liberality , considering all the circumstances , although he had relied on that principally , and he was persuaded it was that to which a deserving British officer could never apply in vain . When the peculiar nature of this case was candidly viewed ; when the time which those ships had been in use , and the benefit resulting there from to the country was considered , he trusted that no difference of opinion could arise as to the propriety of granting to those gallant officers a full equivalent , particularly as it must be recollected that the application was not new in principle , but recognized by the cases to which he had already referred ; cases which he contended were analogous to that before the committee . wished it to be distinctly understood , that liberality was the only ground upon which this proposition rested ; und , in such a case , he certainly was not disposed to be a niggardly remunerator to any of those gallant men who formed the pride and glory of the country . The learned gent , took notice of the remarks of the hon . admiral ( Sir H. Popham ) that we should accede to the motion before the committee , lest the rejection of it should damp the zeal of our fleets , particularly that now probably before Toulon . For himself , he felt no apprehension on that score . Whatever might be the result of the present motion , he knew the gallant and disinterested character of our navy too well , to suppose that any consideration of gain could stimulate them , or any apprehension of loss could restrain them , from the utmost exertion of their duty . He recommended that further time should be taken fully to examine the nature of this question , before the motion should be adopted ; and that a motion of this nature should be preceded by a resolution of the House as to the fact of the merit of the force to whom the proposed reward was to be given . 1070 He concluded with acknowledging the conduct of Ministers , in thus submitting the measure to the consideration of the House , to be nothing more than a performance of their duty , but deprecated any hasty decision . said , that the learned gent , had done ministers nothing more than justice in stating that they had brought this motion forward from a sense of duty . As to the distinction made between the grounds of right and liberality , the proposition of this claim to Parliament was itself a proof that it was not conceived to rest upon the ground of right ; for if it was , no