and the 42d Geo . III . cap . 117 . But the consolidation was not to be made strictly and precisely upon the duties as they now stood , because in all cases where there 369 were fractions of a penny , the fraction would be rejected , and the duty brought to the next integer either above or below . In the former case the revenue would be increased a little ; and , in the latter case , it would be diminished 3 little . In some cases , certain duties imposed by 42 Geo III . cap . 117 , of 3½ per cent on imports , and 1 or½ per cent , on export would be extended by this schedule to East-India goods . The drawbacks now allowed on the export of foreign articles to foreign countries were the under the acts of the 40th and 41st Geo . III . the duties under the 42d Geo . III . cap . 117 , not now drown back , were by the schedule as voted , drawn back . He had but one more remark to trouble the House with ; by the 40th Geo . III . passed in the last session of the Irish Parliament , the duties were laid upon most particles ad valorem , and the additional duty imposed by the 42d Geo . III . cap . 117 , was a rated duty , or the reverse , which of course caused considerable trouble to the merchants , for whose accommodation , and in order to facilitate business , it would now be proposed , that the duties under these act ? should be reduced to one and the same denomination , viz . either a rated duty or an ad valorem duty , according to the nature of the article . The schedule , which he should propose after the recess , would almost in every instance be the same as that of last session , yet he wished to be distinctly understood , that it might vary from it ; because , where alterations were suggested , either by the merchants themselves or by others , the good sense of which was apparent , they would undoubtedly be attended to . In the course of the last session of Parliament , he had given notice that he should prepare , for the consideration of Parliament , a measure in the shape of a property tax . for Ireland ; he did not mean at present to make any observation upon that subject , except to say that he should endeavour to prepare a measure of that sort , and to submit it to Parliament soon after the recess . He had only further to add , that he should propose that the duties should be permanent , in order to meet the permanent charges of Ireland , and not annual , as they had been up to the present time . said , that on the reading of the bill and the amendment , it would strike any one that this amendment was necessary ; for the bill , as it went from the House up to the other House of Parliament , exempted persons accepted and enrolled as volunteers from serving in the militia , but had no provision on being ballotted to serve in the militia before they became volunteers , and this amendment was therefore necessary , in order that persons who had been ballotted for the militia , should be obliged to do so , if they should happen to quit their volunteer corps ; that they should claim no exemption , on account of having been volunteers , but that such exemptions should continue only while they remained volunteers , for which reason he trusted the House would have no objection to the amendment . observed , upon the point of order , that the usual course was to read ail the amendments over once , before any discussion took place upon them , and that the season for observation was , regularly speaking , on the question of second reading , or