not restrain him from pursuing the course of measures which his judgment prescribed , For popularity , properly understood , he professed the highest respect , and should always feel a proper sollicitude ; but , that ministers had ever betrayed any idle , vain wish for popularity in the system they had acted upon , as had been insinuated , he most pointedly denied . To what part of their conduct could the charge of endeavouring to court the people , be applied ? Was it to be detected in their financial arrangements ? Wash in the quantity of taxes they had imposed en the country ? It would be recollected , on this point , that immediately after the conclusion of the last peace , an addition was made to that public taxes , which was equal to half the amount of the whole interest on the national debt , previous to the war which that peace terminated , and at the commencement of the present war , a further addition was made of twelve millions . From this it appeared that no less than millions were added to the taxation of the country within the short space of 14 months . That is , not less than seven millions more than the whole interest of the national debt previous to the commencement of the last war . The financial proceedings , therefore , of ministers could not be said to manifest any very strong disposition to conciliate popular favour ; and could that disposition be 351 seen in their conduct with respect to the military and naval departments ? Did their keeping up 50,000 seamen during peace , together with a large military establishment , imply an extraordinary desire for popularity ? In a word , did not every measure of ministers carry with it the determination to provide for the honour , the interests , and the safety of the country ? He would put it to the candour and common sense of any man , whether , in their proceedings , they were in the least degree influenced by any base , unmanly , dishonourable wish to court popularity , and whether they had in any instance shewn the still mere dishonourable wish to detract from , or calumniate any member for the performance of his duty ? For himself and his colleagues lie could say , they despised a practice so illiberal and so vile , and he was equally certain that his right hon . relation ( Mr. H. Addington ) , to whose words some allusion had been made , would contemn any thing like it . The words alluded to , which were merely , that the sentiments which the right , hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) no doubt , thought it his duty to deliver in that House , made a very unfavourable impression abroad ; and that his observations upon the volunteers were particularly ill received . No doubt , however , the right hon . gent , felt his conduct justified in his own mind , but yet it was very natural to suppose , that the disposition he had upon ail occasions shown to depreciate the volunteers , would be considered a very ungracious return to them for their patriotic zeal , and for the diligent application of their time to acquire a knowledge of the means necessary to defend their country . That his Majesty 's ministers attempted by any means to traduce the character of the right boo gent , was an unfounded accusation ; but that they complained of his conduct , was an undoubted fact . They complained of the right hon . gent , and the right hon . gentlemen who acted with him , because they condemned indiscriminately every measure that , they had taken since their accession to his Majesty 's confidence . They complained of the right hon . gent because he reprobated their arrangements respecting the militia , though that body was constituted precisely as it existed at the time that right hon . gent , was in office . They complained of him ,