system , but suggested that a force of this kind , pervading the whole country , and intended to act together , ought to be put upon the same footing . As it stood at present , some were to exercise only 20 days , others 34 , and so on . This might create jealousies and ill humor , which ought to be avoided . He thought also the exemptions should be granted without reference to the time of the corps being accepted ; as they were by no means accepted in the order of their applications . This might arise from letters being mislaid , or some other casualty , such as usually occurs in a press of business . He concurred with his noble relation ( Lord Grenville ) in his opinions with respect to the regulations of many corps of volunteers , and the unmilitary manner in which they were governed . He had listened to him on that point with the greatest admiration . He also disliked 362 their Committees and their Sub Committees , and much as he was attached to the volunteer system , he would rather choose that every man of them should be disbanded , than that they should be permitted to continue under such unmilitary regulations . If , said his lordship , these Committees are suffered to exist , I have no hesitation to say , that the Monarchy is not safe for six months . in reply to the noble lord who spoke last , said , that the non-acceptance of the volunteers in the order of their applications , arose from the unexpected press of offers , which made government unwilling to act , except upon some general system . said , that although this bill was extremely imperfect , he rejoiced that even so much was done with regard to the volunteers . The system would still require a great deal of improvement . He approved highly the idea that had been thrown out in another place , with regard to the appointment of held officers and adjutants to the different corps , which , as they were to be exempted , ought to be rendered as efficient as possible.—He alluded lo a query he had put to the noble Secretary of State , relative to the intention of his Majesty 's ministers with respect to volunteer regulations previous to the recess ; though these , as in the instance of the bill before the House , had fallen short of what he was convinced was necessary to be done , yet he was happy to hear it authoritatively stated , that the general subject , and which was one of die last importance , was seriously in the consideration of his Majesty 's government . He perfectly a greed with every word that the noble lord ( Grenville ) had said , with regard to the regulations , committees , and unmilitary government of many of the volunteer corps , and thought it was necessary that this should be immediately corrected . observed , that the noble earl had certainly put the query to him , which he had alluded to , but it would be in his recollection , that it referred to a general and comprehensive system of regulation , to which he had truly replied , that he knew of no intention on the part of ministers to bring forward any measures on that broad principle previous to the recess . The present was obviously a bill of an explanatory nature , and went to certain points , on which speedy legislative interference was necessary , and , in his mind , it wont fully to obviate those difficulties it professed to remove . Much had been said , and truly , of he vast importance of the subject , and the necessity of farther regulations but then the House would be aware , that it was one of an extensive and complicated , as well as of an important na- 363 ture . To a certain degree the principle was new ; already had the volunteers been rendered more efficacious than