any alarm . I mention this to prove , that the not creating alarm was the determination of this meeting at 3 o'clock . I have reason to think that some precautions were recommended relative to the back and the ordnance stores , and a meeting of the principal officers of the gar- 741 rison was also determined upon ; but still , in order to avoid giving alarm , it is expressly stated , that this meeting should not take place till after dark , nor were the guards to be re-inforced till the same period . That no information was given to the mayor , is not denied , but it is asserted , that informal ion was given to Mr. Alderman Alexander , the superintending magistrate.—Now , Sir , I am credibly informed , that Mr. Alderman Alexander actually slept out of Dublin that very night . In the absence of the lord lieutenant and a right hon . gent . who was attending his duty in Parliament , the first public officer was Mr. Marsden , the under secretary . This gentleman would of course have correspondence with other public officers , daring such an important moment . When the accounts continued to increase , it was his opinion , or rather , ( to use his own words ) it would be `` bandsomely done '' to reinforce the guards at the Phoenix Lodge . This the lord lieutenant , in the postscript to a letter which has appeared in the public prints acknowledges , but concludes that the commander in chief has received further intelligence.—Now , Sir , I take this to be an unequivocal proof , that the information given to the commander in chief at 3 o'clock , did not even warrant providing additional security for the person of the first magistrate ; and this I will add , that no information was given him , that was not accompanied with doubts , stating that Mr. Marsden could ' neither wholly credit nor reject them . '' Such was the want of accurate information , that two hours before the rebellion broke out , their secretary could neither credit or reject the reports & But there has been , en the part of some persons , an attempt to throw the blame on the military . The House will recollect , that at the period this transaction took place , Ireland was asserted to be in a state of perfect tranquillity . There were no acts for suspending the habeas-corpus , or for proclaiming martial law ; consequently , its polite devolved upon the civil power.—I trust it will never be asserted , that under such circumstances the military should be resorted to in the first instance . I should , on the contrary , conceive , that they were in no way responsible , unless it should be proved , that upon application from the civil power , they were not prepared . So far , I believe , from this being the case , only one magistrate acted with them , who refused to allow them to fire , alleging himself not to be within the limits of his jurisdiction , and the insurrection was quelled in Thomas-street by a military force , without the assistance of a magistrate , the officer acting in his own defence—nor was he en- 742 abled to act so effectually in pursuing the rebels , as he might have done , for want of proper assistance from the civil power , but was obliged to fall back on the barracks in James street . But this part of the subject lies within a very narrow compass . If all was done that was agreed upon at 3 o'clock , and subsequently advised by the civil power , always under a positive order to avoid giving any alarm , I shall feel satisfied that the military are exculpated , and the positive of a letter received by Gen. Fox , just as the rebellion was breaking out , clearly proves that the lord lieutenant conceived he had done more than was necessary . The postscript