at the idea , that in stead of not being well supported , instead of having their front to the enemy and disaffection in their rear , they are surrounded by the whole country , affording I hem every assistance they can require ; for let me ask , what would at army , brave as it is , do , if columns of the enemy were to land in Devonshire , Sussex , Hampshire , and other counties at the same time ? Could a regular army stop their progress without infinite I mischief ? Is it not then of advantage to I have the inhabitants of the country , not a low rabble , but in all their gradations , voluntarily armed in aid of the army , their officers accepting their commission from the crown , and much of this force acting without receiving any emolument whatever . I am ready to admit that great evils may 295 attend this system , but while you have such an enemy , with such a population , with such arms , and with such a determination to destroy this country , it is the best means of defence that can be reported to . The great object of the volunteer system is , that the men may acquire , not the same discipline as the regular army , not the same steadiness , not the same experience , not the same firmness , but at least to the spirit and feeling of soldiers , that regularity acquired by constant habits of discipline , which is necessary to enable them to give efficient support to the army . If we desired you to discourage the army , and to look to the volunteer system only , then I admit that many of the arguments opposed to the volunteer system would be properly opposed ; but the question is , whether it is not a most fortunate circumstance for the country , that of she people , by a glorious and spontaneous effort , coming forward as one man , arid submitting to every privation for the purpose of giving that protection for which they have been appealed to ? The question is , whether it would have been prudent in his Majesty 's government not to have received the offers of the volunteer corps , and whether they would have been justified had they not limited the system in the manner they have done . It would have been dangerous to have accepted every offer , as it would have prevented that force from being Supplied which is indispensably necessary ; but with regard to those which have been accepted , I think it would be the greatest calamity if the volunteers were to relax their diligence , and not do every thing to accomplish themselves for the important duties they have undertaken to perform . I shall be glad to hear any proposition that will enable them more effectually to perform it . However , what I rose principally for , was to state to the House , that I apprehend we are not here to consider what would have been better ; but whether , in the state the country is , it is prudent to discharge the volunteer force , to consider it as dangerous , inefficacious , and useless , and to infer , that after all our exertions the country is in no degree delivered from its danger . For my own part , I consider the country as impregnable ; I lock upon the volunteer force as that which has given pause to France . I admit we must net relax our vigilance ; we must advance in discipline , and give to our system all the improvement of which it is capable ; we must avail ourselves of that force which we derive from the spontaneous efforts of the people , which is not dictated to , but lakes its own course . We are here to determine , whether we are altogether of a wrong system , and instead of 296 putting the country in a state of security , whether we