lie was anxious that there should be no misapprehension , and therefore , declared that the noble Sec . of State had correctly stated the convalesence of his Majesty . Delicate as this subject was , he would certainly not have mentioned this much , if he had not been compelled to it . But , as he had been compelled to it , he would state , that at this mo- 640 ment there was no suspension of the royal functions . said , he had heard of the delicacy of entering into any investigation on such a subject . Was this , however , a time to talk of delicacy , when , besides the alarm arising from the danger which menaced us I from without , every person was struck I with terror , least a suspension had taken place of the functions of the executive government ? He , for one , did not understand such ideas of delicacy . If the Sovereign himself could be consulted , he would think it a mistaken delicacy indeed , by which the country was to be left , even for a moment , without a superintending hand . Such a delicacy would be equally false to his Majesty and to his successors , as it would be false to the people . It was of the last importance to take care that no minister should presume , even for a moment , to exercise the functions of royalty . Every step taken at such a period was an usurpation . Two bills of importance were at present before Parliament , into which he apprehended it would be impossible to enter without some evidence to satisfy Parliament on this head . He would ask his Majesty 's ministers , whether they themselves had any knowledge , as to the actual state of his Majesty 's health ? Whether they were in the daily habit of receiving marks of his personal confidence , and whether they had the usual access to his person ? If these questions could not be answered in the affirmative , he must regard them merely as private individuals , no longer exercising an official situation . It was not enough that they should once have possessed his Majesty 's confidence , if they were not at this moment in the enjoyment of it . On a former occasion , when a suspension of the exercise of the kingly functions was apprehended , physicians were examined before that House on the subject , and they were called on to act by similar evidence when any , the smallest interruption of the exercise of the royal functions took place . He had heard a great deal about responsibility . He knew of no such term . The national security was what they were now called on to guard , nor were they warranted to entrust so sacred a pledge to the responsibility of any individual , or of any set of men , however respectable they might be . A parish minister , or any subordinate character , by taking on himself the weight of state affairs , would unquestionably increase his own responsibility , but would the public security be increased in an equal degree ? —The question was again about to be put , when . again arose , and observed , that if the noble and learned lord had given an answer to the noble lord who sat near him , it would have been still more satisfactory . The learned lord had said , that be was anxious that there should be no misapprehension . In order to prevent ibis , it would be for him to say whether he understood him right , when he considered the declaration then made as corresponding with the rule laid down in the records of Parliament , on which his hand then rested . In that rule it appeared , that the particular point at which the interference of Parliament should be considered as necessary , was , when his Majesty was in such a slate as precluded his coming down to his Parliament , and