adequate to the danger as that evidence presented it to them . It was material to the complete view of this matter , to consider what the character of the insurrection was . Gentlemen wend condemned for calling this a `` contemptible riot . '' What , he says , is that contemptible , whose object is to separate Ireland from England ? No & not as to its object ; but contemptible it may be in its means ; and such it appeared to be as far as Dublin was concerned . The difficulty of obtaining information that is sufficiently accurate , in so affair to which few were privy , and in which the zeal of the parties would enjoin secret , was not to be overlooked . With all this , what is the degree of information obtained ? On the 23d the lord-lieut . and she commander in chief came to the Carrie between 3 and 4 o'clock , and the necessary orders were issued for the security of the city of Dublin . A military council was held at 0 o'clock , and the different posts very strengthened . Thus it appeared that ; no negligence had taken place on the part of govt . The learned gent , here want through the history of the information received by the Irish govt. , as it had been detailed by Mr. Yorke . He then said he would take Mr. Fox 's acceptation of the word surprised , as applied to the government , viz . whatever they knew , duly were not prepared ; and would examine the state of the preparations . After which , he went into the history of the preparations of the govt . as detailed by Mr. Yorke . He contended chiefly , from this , that the lord lieut . had done all his office required ; and that the commander in chief ought to have put every thing under his command , in a proper train of preparation . He said , if surprise meant ignorance , not of the general designs and intentions of the rebels , but of the individual persons concerned , the particular plan , and the moment of the attempt , then he would acknowledge the charge . But these the govt . had not the 790 means of knowing . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) had argued against himself ; for , if the lord lieut . did not credit the information he received , or thought it doubtful ( which that gent , had contended ) , then his preparations were , indeed , great . For his part , he thought , the govt . in Ireland had gained all the intelligence their means afforded , and made every preparation necessary on that information . He could not , therefore , conscientiously agree to put them on their trial . It would be injustice to them ; it would be contrary to the true object of the discretion placed in Parliament . Inquiries into the conduct of the executive government ought never to be instituted , but on the most grave and important reasons . Upon an attentive consideration of the whole transaction , be was perfectly convinced that no blame was imputable to the civil or military government , and should conscientiously vote against the present motion . said , the learned gentleman had taken up the question as a counsel for a person accused , who keeps all the arguments against him out of sight . The House could only have general evidence to induce them to go into the inquiry . All the documents that would be evidence , were in the possession of the other side , and his hon . friends could not produce them . The learned gent . considered the House as a Grand Jury ; and as such , he contended , they had sufficient evidence to grant the inquiry . He had very much at heart the preservation of that power in the House of inquiring into the acts of the executive govt . and those ;