opinions of the right hon . gent . Against his mere unsupported assertions , he had the sentiments of such men as Lord Cathcart , Earl Moira , and General Simcoe , entitling the country to count on the aid and co-operation of the volunteers with the regular force , as a material ingredient in our means of exertion for the defence against the enemy . The right hon . gent , had been pleased to traduce the discipline of the volunteers , and to speak with contempt of their inefficiency . In answer to his unjust aspersions , it was only necessary to state the opinion of one of the respectable officers he had named , Gen. Simcoe , a man he was proud to call his friend . That officer , without reference to any debates , but to convey that satisfaction to his mind which he was happy to say had been afforded by the knowledge of his opinion of the military efficiency of the volunteer corps , had transmitted to him an account of volunteers , consisting of 2,500 men , raised for the Southern part of Devon . He held in his hand the paper he had sent him , which was signed by the inspecting officer of the 993 corps of South Devon volunteers : they were composed of 5 battalions ; and , with reference to every one of them , except the artillery , of which he spoke in the highest terms , he had used these words : `` Fit for duty , and qualified to act with troops of the line . '' Of these 2,500 called out at different periods , only 123 had been absent , and their absence was accounted for by sickness . He trusted he might be allowed to observe , not for the purpose of depreciating any of our other military establishments , but to shew how far a spirit of loyalty and attachment to the country would carry men who were embarked in its defence , that these men , who had attended with such punctuality , were under no obligation of penalties ; that they obeyed no impulse but of duty , zeal , and patriotism . The right hon . gent , had said , that experience had not justified the confidence expressed by some persons in troops of this description ; and he had referred to the troops employed in La Vendee—to those men who had made one of the noblest efforts ever exhibited to Europe ; men who , unfortunately with too little success , had resisted the revolutionary system of France , and had preserved their loyalty to their sovereign , The right hon . gent , had stated , that these troops were a proof of the unsoundness of the principle of a volunteer system , and bow little reliance was to be placed on any exertions , the result of it . He maintained , in opposition to his opinion , that they proved no such thing : on the contrary , they proved how little confidence was to be placed in that force the right hon . gent , wished to have in the room of the volunteers . The troops in La Vendee resembled an armed peasantry , more than any thing else , He was confident , the right hon . gent , and the House must know , that , in their march to Granville , they were zealous , brave , and loyal , but a tumultuous and undisciplined body , incapable of resisting a well-disciplined army . One of the errors of the right hon . gent , and his friends was , that they were desirous of substituting an armed peasantry ; but they were not justified in saying that an armed peasantry was better than a volunteer force . For reasons unnecessary to be stated , it was thought expedient to give that preference to the volunteers they deserved : but still there remained to ministers a discretion to add an armed peasantry to the volunteer force . Let it not be said , 994 then , that