. friend 's motion , would be found perfectly adapted to give strength and efficiency 10 the volunteer force of the country . rose to explain . He observed , that it was unnecessary for him to make any answer to the charge of inconsistency , which had been preferred against him by the hon . gent , who spoke last ; but he merely wished to set him right relative to the question of referring the consideration of the bill to a whole House . He had , he begged leave to state , never recommended that this business should be again commenced in the Committee ; but he certainly had expressed his concern that it had not originated in a Committee of the whole House , it ; which the right hon . gent , who brought it forward , and his colleagues in office , might have derived essential advantages from the talents , information , and experience , of all the members . rose to vindicate his right hon . friends from the imputations which had been thrown on them . He observed , that when gentlemen had expressed their surprise , it as only what might very naturally be expected on a view of the various changes which had taken place in the minds of his Majesty 's ministers . If , however , the observation of an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Hobhousej was correct , as to the desire of getting the places of ministers being the principal stimulus to an opposition to their measures , it must be fairly inferred that , as that hon . gent , had for so many years regularly opposed the measures of his Majesty 's ministers , that his only view was to get on that Bench on which he now sits . There was one point to which he wished to advert , and he considered it of no small importar.—the present measure had been represented as calculated to remove all possible evils ; yet the right hon . Sec . had described it as the least of two evils . The right hon . Secretary had allowed that it was impossible to augment the regular army or the militia ; and , therefore , of the two evils , was inclined to choose the least . The system , he contended , had many radical defects , which it would be necessary to remove before it could be rendered efficient to its object . The bill proposed to be introduced was intended to consolidate three Acts of last ses- 462 sion . It , however , appeared to him likely to produce no effect , but in the appointment of officers , the conduct of committees , and the recognition of that for law which the decision of the Court of King 's Bench : had already ascertained to be the law . The learned gent . here adverted with consider able delicacy to the opinion of the Attorney General . He contended that his Majesty 's ministers were bound to consult the wisdom of the House in the first instance . This was the stage in which every effort ought to be made to render the measure as I complete as possible . They were particu1rly called on in the critical situation of that ; country to deliberate with wisdom and discretion , to square , shape , and model the measure in the outset , so as to render it adequate to the important national objects to which it was to be directed . He wished to press on the House the necessity of mature deliberation , and not to suffer a measure , of the last consequence to the security and defence of the country , to slide in , as a little bill , unheeded and undiscussed . informed the learned member that he had never stated the impossibility of increasing the regular army . In the present situation of the country , and of the army , he was of opinion that it could not be carried to a greater extent than it had already reached ,