ruinous extremes might not issues be carried ? There being no criterion of their excess , but the disappearing of gold , and the depreciation of the notes , the palpable discovery of the excess , and the total annihilation of the notes , might be one and the same act . It was not to be forgotten , that the first depreciation of the notes was the only slow operation in this kind of transaction . After the first , the depreciation goes on rapidly , till they may suddenly crumble to dust , as has been seen in many instances , which their lordships would easily call to mind . He , therefore , conceived this to be a subject too weighty for their lordships to treat it otherwise than with the most solemn consideration . He did not mean to impute wrong to the mo- 700 tives of the Irish bank directors , for those enormous issues he had remarked . Their private characters were unimpeached . But he must say , they were extremely reprehensible in their public capacity , for the excess of the issues . Every man in Ireland who received l00l . was robbed , by the operation of that excess of 10l while , the bank proprietors were the only gainers by this system . Having no call for cash , they may employ their capital , producing interest and their excess of paper producing interest also . Thus they had increased their dividend one percent , within the last year , and the price of their stock was continually increasing . He had , on a former occasion , proposed that the Bank of Ireland should be compelled to pay their notes in Bank of England notes . Had this been adopted , there would not have been this discount on Bank of Ireland notes . The Bank of Scotland are compelled to pay in Bark of England notes ; and their notes are at par . It would be the same with the Irish Bank , if it was under the same compulsion . It had been said , that , I to obtain Dank of England notes , it must purchase them with gold ; and , therefore , to compel it to pay in those notes was to compel it to pay in gold . But he denied that . The Irish Bank would purchase the Bank of England notes with bills of exchange , as all other articles of merchandise are bought . The sole effect would be to make the notes of the two Banks convertible into each other , which they ought to be ; and , therefore , to prevent the Bank of Ireland notes being at a discount . There was another great evil occasioned by the overflow of Bank of Ireland notes , which fell chiefly on the labouring classes of people . This was the forgery of these notes . To such length had this gone , that no person in the interior and remote parts of Ireland would lake a bank note without the person 's name who had it being indorsed on it . But of what use was this to the ignorant labourer in Connaught , who could not read ? If his note was forged with which he went to buy bread , he could not read the names of those who semed to stand as his pledges for its validity . The loss of forged notes , therefore , chiefly fell on the very poorest of the people . On the whole , his lordship maintained , that the present bill created all those evils he had stated , especially the depreciation of the bank notes , and the rate of exchange with this country . Of this latter , he would give one more eminent proof . In a quarter where the bank notes had not yet got into a general circulation , in the 701 north of Ireland , exchange was at par , or , he believed , something above par . He should nor move the clause in the committee , to