for compelling the directors to curtail their issues of paper money , and thus forcing the private bankers to adopt a similar practice . At present , the Bank of Ireland had no countrol over the private bankers , two of whom in Dublin issued paper to an amount as great as the whole of their paper circulation . His lordship concluded by again pressing the subject generally on the attention of ministers . professed , on the part of His Majesty 's ministers , the utmost readiness to adopt any measure that might appear calculated to remove the evil complained of . The noble lords themselves who lamented it so strongly , and who had pointed it out so-forcibly , suggested no remedy which was likely to be practical or effectual . expresed great satisfaction at the manner in which the affairs of Ireland had been taken up by the two noble lords who had spoken in the course of the bebate . With regard to the bill before the House , it was so necessary a consequence of the restriction bill , that he considered it impossible not to enact it . At the same time he could not help poking out some of the effects which it naturally produced in Ireland . The scarcity of specie in Ireland was well known : they had no gold in circulation but what was bought at a premium ; silver there was none , He did not believe there was one real shilling to be found from one end of Ireland to the other ; there was even a scarcity of brass , The effect which this want of gold produced upon trade was obvious . In the north of Ireland where payments were made ad in gold , it was necessary to purchase guineas at a premium of 2s . 4d . which was above 10 per cent . The linen manufacturers could ; only buy their materials with guineas for which they paid this enormous price , which they were of course obliged to lay upon the price of their manufactures ; this would render them unable to meet foreigners in foreign markets , and if some remedy was not administered the trade could not stand , In addition to all this , there was a duty of 4 per cent , upon the importation of the article . Another effect this measure had was upon the exchange of Ireland : this certainly was not a very easy subject to investigate , but it undoubtedly was the duty of Parliament to enter , as soon as possible , into an investigation into the state of the circulation in Ireland . He knew Parliament could not remedy this evil by a law , but it there were any artificial causes operating to produce this effect , they surely might be got rid of . He sincerely hoped the subject would be taken up , particularly by some gentlemen on the treasury bench , and he was sure the result would be favourable to the trade of Ireland , and consequently to the trade of the empire . said , this subject was certainly of great importance , but at the , same tune , he thought it was move simple than gentlemen in general seemed to imagine . It appeared to him clear , that the excess of paper circulation was the cause of the bad stale of exchange in that country . It had been stated in the . course of the debate , that there vas a difference of no less than ten per cent , in the exchange between different parts of Ireland , and it had been stated , that gold was purchased in the north , at a premium of ten per cent. , and he was authorized to take this for granted , as it had 482 not been denied by any gentleman . There was a material difference that gentlemen should all keep in view between the banks of England and Ireland : in Ireland there was no bank that took upon itself to manage and regulate the circulation of the country