regard to the heriditary interest of the Crown , that the act of the 30th of George II . was passed without any notice from the Crown . was of opinion that , even if his present Majesty should be satisfied , it was necessary also that he should intimate his approbation and consent as far as respected his successor , or the interests of the Crown at large . begged leave explicitly to state , that his Majesty had given the fullest consent , not only in regard to himself , but as it respected also the general interests of the Crown : but at the same time he wished to state , that his Majesty did not mean that the House should be fettered in the smallest degree in their discussions.—The question was agreed to , —The House having resolved into the Committee , rose , and objected to the mode of proceeding which the framers of this measure recommended , as it went to render taxes permanent which had been heretofore but annually voted . This was in his mind taking the Irish nation by surprize , from which he was confident that a number of petitions would be immediately presented , if the merchants were aware of the nature of the bill and the additional taxes which it proposed to impose , particularly on linen , salt , hops . & c. He thought the measure of perpetuating the taxes objectionable , as involving an invasion of the rights of ids Majesty 's successor , also in point of time , as the period was so rapidly approaching when , from the relative state of the debts of the two countries a total revision of the taxes would 844 become necessary . The right hon . gent , concluded with moving an amendment , `` that the period for the continuance of those taxes should be fixed for the 25th of March , 1805 . '' observed , that to all which the right hon . gent , advanced , he had already made , in his judgment , quite a sufficient reply ; and , therefore , as often as such arguments were repeated , he must be under the necessity of troubling the House with a repetition of his former answer , thus imitating ; the conduct of a right hon . gent . who , when ; any motion or speech was made against the American war , always said , that he would read his American speech , which contained arguments to his mind of the policy of that war , arguments which appeared to him to require no addition . The right hon . gent , proceeded to state `` the superior advantages which the linen manufacturers had over the manufacturers of this country , every article belonging to that manufacture , except flax , being subject to a tax in this country , while ail the same articles , namely , pot ash , barilla , train oil , & c. were exempt from taxation in Ireland . He complained of the species of observation used by the mover of the amendment , as calculated to mislead and inflame the public mind with respect to the amount of taxes which were necessary in order to protect the very existence of the country . agreed with the right hon . gent , who moved the amendment , as to the propriety of allowing time to the Irish merchants , and other persons interested , to inquire into and communicate their opinions upon the different taxes . This was the more necessary as the schedule of those taxes was only printed and delivered on Tuesday last , since when even the members of that House had scarce had time to examine it . With the general principle laid down by the right hon . gent , on the Treasury Bench , as to the justice of equal taxation upon the same manufactures of both countries , he did not mean to dispute ; but as it appeared to him the question to consider was , how far the peculiar state of the