seize his capital . It is , perhaps , necessary for me here to state , that the King of Candy 's dominions are composed principally of woods and mountains , affording no possible object for any rational enterprise , situated in a climate the most fatal to Europeans , and that his capital is in the heart of his dominions . Some time in January , 1803 , this war began , and in a very short time , and scarcely with the loss of ten men killed in battle , we penetrated as far as Candy , which we took , and found the King was fled ; so far we were all successful , but then , Sir , came , what our government of Ceylon knew must come , that dreadful malady the jungle fever , that forever infests the interior of Ceylon , and forever destroys the inhabitants of Europe . This fever , Sir , upon this occasion , destroyed hundreds upon hundreds of our troops in Candia ; of the 51st regiment alone above 300 perished , of the 19th regiment 170 , besides the 200 of the same regiment who were afterwards murdered . One should have thought , Sir , as we had thus displayed our power by the seizure of the King of Candy 's capital , and putting the King to flight , as we had paid so dearly for it in the death of our soldiers , and as the country presented no object worthy of our possession , that our government would have instantly withdrawn the surviving troops ; but it seems , Sir , our governor was not determined to play a great part in the politics of the Candian government—for this purpose he left a garrison in Candy to secure success to our intrigues , and from this most ridiculous and contemptible interference of ours in the affairs of Candy , come all the dreadful and disastrous consequences we since have heard of . We first dethroned the reigning monarch , and put upon his 857 throne a new king of oar own choice , a person so unskilfully selected for that purpose , so universally odious to the Candians , that we finally withdrew him , and he has since been murdered on account of our partiality to him and his own presumption . We then , Sir , resolved upon changing the Candian monarchy into an aristocracy , and we guaranteed a form of government of this species , and put the first adigar , or first minister at the head of it . During all this time , Sir , the garrison of Candy were daily diminished and enfeebled by death and sickness ; there were only left of British troops , the 19th regiment reduced to 200 men , and a Malay regiment ; the House will know how to appreciate the climate of Candy when I state to them , that of the 200 of the 10th regiment , 100 were sick in their cots and perfectly disabled . At this period , Sir , the town of Candy was surrounded , I have heard , by 20,000 Candians—certainly , I believe , by not less than 10,000 . Our troops cut off from all provisions , reduced by death and sickness as I have mentioned , and the Malay regiment beginning to desert , surrendered , and laid down their arms . The termination of this dreadful tragedy we all know ; upwards of twenty British officers , with the 200 unfortunate troops of the 19th regiment were led out two by two in the streets of Candy , and there , by the orders of the very adigar we had guaranteed in his government , they were knocked on the head , and had their throats cut , and this not even with the exception of the 100 sick men of the 19th , who were dragged from their cots and murdered . About the same period all our fortresses in Candia were attacked , all the garrisons compelled , to evacuate them , and all the sick