foresight and energy . He had made these observations with the view of preventing an idea from going abroad , that assertions made with the greatest confidence were true , merely because they might sometimes happen to pass uncontradicted . Leaving these extraneous matters out of further consideration , the house had only to consider the question of the necessity of the renewal of the biil.—The speech of his right hon . friend did not seem to torn so much on this question as on the conduct of the Irish government , a subject which was clearly uppermost in his hon . friend 's mind . Re begged the attention of the house while he stated what had been the grounds of the previous renewal of the bill . At its first introduction it was supported on the ground of the notoriety of the rebellion , and on that its necessity was admitted . It was renewed in 1799 , when , though the rebellion was put down , there were partial insurrections in different parts of the country . At that period he allowed that two reports of a secret committee had been adduced , to prove the necessity of the measure . He must , however , now be permitted to remark , that the expediency of such reports depended a good deal on circumstances . This was a mode of presenting in-formation to the legislature and the public , often highly advantageous . Occasions might occur , however , when to resort to it would be highly impolitic , and even dangerous . In such circumstances he thought that ministers now were placed , as to the propriety of presenting such information as the report of a secret committee would afford , It would be recollected that government was , even at this moment , actively , and he was happy to add , successfully employed in tracing out even the remotest ramifications of the insurrection . While such inquiries were going forward , it would be a matter of peculiar difficulty to frame such a report as would net disclose facts , the disclosure of which would not defeat the views of the government , and , at the same time , prove satisfactory to the legislature and the country . If a report were prematurely brought forward , government might be interrupted in its exertions to trace out the ramifications of rebellion . On the other hand , if the report was not detailed in its nature , it could not afford any criterion for judging of the necessity of a legislative measure , originating out of circumstances of peculiar emergency . To avoid the necessity of such a dilemma , it became necessary to resort to certain general principles , which while they 108 were consistent with the greatest attachment to the constitution , were not incompatible with the idea of investing the executive government with extraordinary powers , applicable to an extraordinary contingent crisis . He would not deny that the bill flow to be renewed , had never formerly been renewed where there was less actual or visible danger . He had no hesitation in applying this observation to all the periods of the renewal of the bill from the time of its original introduction . On this part of the subject , the noble lord took a review of the various ; renewals of the bill . Though , however , he admitted that there was less visible danger , though he was happy to be able to state with truth , that the cause of loyally had received a vast augmentation , while the numbers of the disaffected had materially decreased still , however , there were traitors and malignant spirits tin Ireland , bent on projects of the most atrocious nature . It was to counteract their views , it was to defeat their designs , that he thought the bill , as a wise measure of precautionary power , both expedient and politic . There was one other circumstance which materially strengthened his argument on this subject . He meant to allude to the menaced invasion of the