shaken , in the opinion I then entertained upon that subject ; for , indeed , the taking such a service as this , although offered , is nothing more than that which may , in some degree , be called a departure from good faith : it is not a breach of good faith , but it is a sort of misprision of good faith ; for although the leading part of such a service as this may be voluntary , and the offer spontaneous , yet , as to the remainder , it may be absolutely compulsory . If a part of a large military body make the offer , how is the remainder to refuse it ? You do not seem to know the possible , nor seem very clearly to see the probable , consequences of such measures as these , for there are many evils attending them : one of these evils , besides the point which partakes of the nature of a breach of faith , is this ; it has a very dangerous effect upon military discipline , especially upon such a force as that of a militia force ; and , to illustrate this , I should like to ask gent , who went to Ireland with our militia , what passed as they were going there with their regiments ; whether they did not hear some things that were utterly subversive of discipline ? I would ask , whether the acceptance of such a service is not a species of suspension of discipline ? Tutting yourself into a situation to ask a favour of a military body of men ( for a favour this is ) can not be said to be free from danger . It may be said , that this is only renewing what I formerly said : that may be true , and yet the observation may not have lost its force because it happens to have been an old one , and the object may be as good now as if it had never been before made ; besides , I do 1087 not see that Ireland is less in danger than G. Britain . When you say you let loose a part of your disposeable force in this country , that is to say , that you have so far a power to employ as you please , the regular force which you could not otherwise detach , you must remember , that precisely to the same amount you must make fast your force in Ireland . I have by these measures pretty good testimony of the propriety of the opinions I have formerly given on these points . This asking favour where you ought only to command , this begging of them will have a bad effect ; it will introduce among our military bodies a species of saturnalia which may be extremely dangerous ; for which reasons , although I agree in the first part of the address , as I have stated already , yet I dissent from the latter part of it . I would really say no more for the present purpose , than that we should take the matter into our consideration , for I think we ought to reserve to ourselves the mode in which we shall proceed , at least until we have had some time to deliberate upon it , for we should not consider the question as a mere transfer of force from the one country to the other ; but this question involves a consideration of increasing the militia force of Ireland , a force which is not raised , as in this country , by ballot ; and this goes , like many other measures to which I and some others have been constantly objecting , to the prejudice of increasing the regular army , and in that view it is particularly objectionable to me . Many of the propositions of the right hon . gent , to-night I can not oppose , without giving up a great number of opinions I have delivered on various former occasions in his House , and