the volunteer system precluded au armed peasantry . The right hon . gent . had also said , that the national guards bore the strongest resemblance to volunteers : but with respect to the conduct of the national guards , there was nothing to warrant his apprehensions of the volunteers . Was he not aware of what was an incontestible fact , that both in La Vendée and at Jemappe , the national guards were employed . If they were employed at the battle of Jemappe , as he had reason to believe , surely no one would contend that they had not performed good service in a cause to which he should ever look with abhorrence . They had contributed to a victory fatal to Europe—a victory which every man who felt for the independence of Europe , must look back to with horror and regret . They had their share in producing that heavy calamity , but they shared also in the glory of the day . The right hon . gent . had heretofore lain particular stress on the exemptions : in reply to him he had staled , and it had been proved , that exemptions were not the original inducement to the volunteers . But , said the right hon . gent , let it appear it was not their motive now . It was one thing not to be actuated by an interested motive at first , and another , after a right had been conceded , not to wish to give it up . If they should now be deprived of their exemptions , they might feel that Parliament had broken its faith with them . That impression would be made which could not but have an influence on just and generous minds . The right hon . gent , seemed to assume , that every individual in a volunteer corps had the benefit of these exemptions , because he was a volunteer , and consequently that 400,000 men were exempted . He did not consider how many of these were exempted by age , by their occupations , by their service as constables , by their number of children , and various other reasons , from serving in the militia and army of reserve . It could be shewn , notwithstanding the supposed inquiry into the recruiting service , that at this time the actual amount of the army was much nearer the amount proposed to be raised , than at the corresponding period of the last war ; and , in fact , that more recruits had been raised for the regular army , than were raised in the first 7 years of the last war—a period when the right hon . gent , was exalting an administration that , much to its honour , was using every 995 effort to enable the country to cope with the enemy . The right hon . gent , had said , that the effect of this system was to discountenance the regulars , tarnish their splendor , and throw them in the shade . It was not possible for 400,000 , or twice 400,000 men , or any expedient that this country or any other country could adopt , to tarnish the glory of the regular army , or throw their merits in the shade . But could any thing be so opprobrious , as to hold a language which might , in the minds of the regular army , cause an impression that their glory was tarnished , or that they were under-rated , because 400,000 of their fellow subjects were ready to cooperate with them , zealously and gloriously , for their King and country . Was that an impression which any hon . gent , should wish to create ? and yet it was impossible to hear his speech , without being satisfied it had such a tendency.—While the right hon . gent , had dwelt on the effects produced on the feelings of the regular army by those of zeal , which had done honour to the volunteers , he had referred , in a way which had given