to it for the Divine aid , under any of those dangers or calamities from which nothing human is exempted.—His Lordship then moved , `` That an humble address be presented to his Majesty , '' which address was as usual , an echo of the speech from the throne , and nearly the same as that which we insert in the proceedings of the House of Commons of this day . ( See page 15 ) . rose to second the Address . Though he fully coincided in the sentiments expressed by the noble Marquis who had just sat down , yet he hoped the House would pardon him , if he felt it necessary to trespass upon their patience , by a few observations upon the speech itself . Their Lordships would observe , that in the subject at present before them , no questions were involved , as to the fitness or unfitness of ministers for the councils of their Sove reign ; the topics before them were not masters of party consideration ; they were of a comprehensive , general and important kind , and presented themselves to the attention of their Lordships in such a point of view , as induced him to trouble them with a very few observations thereon . The opening part of the Speech from the throne , very properly adverted to that impregnable state of protection , which the unprecedented vigour , energy , and unanimity of the population of the country held forth to an aggressive and unprincipled foe . This was such , ( and it was with exultation he had to remark it , ) as must make the enemy ever feel what he had to expect , in case he should provoke , by an attack upon its territory , the just vengeance of a nation , armed in defence of its independence , its liberties , and its invaluable constitution . A voluntary armament like the present could not be paralleled in the history of any country ; not only with respect to the amount of numbers , but in the instance of the sense , nay , the feelings of the people being so clearly and forcibly expressed . As danger threatened , our spirits had increased ; and never had energy more conspicuously distinguished any nation , even during the most arduous emergencies , than in the present contest . He was confident , that should the opportunity offer , of those patriotic bands signalizing themselves in action , they would evince themselves the genuine descendant of those who had so gloriously carried the terrors of the British arms into the heart of France , and bore away the palm of signal and complete victory at Cressy and Polctiers . When had there such a number of voluntary defenders stepped forward to vindicate the cause of their country ? If he was rightly informed , there was at least half a million of men in arms , prepared and eager to meet the boasting foe . Indeed the country appeared to him as one vast camp , filled by armed myriads , who , instead of feeling a particle of dismay or apprehension , instead of evincing themselves a `` nation of shop-keepers , '' as they had been tauntingly called by the enemy , ardently wished for nothing 8 so much as to be brought to the test of action . When we came to cope with our enemy in war , we displayed the same superiority , as when we contended with other traders in mercantile effort . We were not mere merchants who could traffic , but could not fight ; not mere soldiers who could fight , without excelling in other arts ; but in whatever we undertook we were superior . Greatly as he admired the volunteer-corps , yet , there was one circumstance which he wished to see different from what it now was ; he wished that every corps of that kind , and also the militia , should have been engaged to serve in any part of the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland