paid for the number of days they actually attended 5 and as to irregularity , any person misconducting himself might be expelled with disgrace from the corps to which he belonged , in which case he would be entitled to no exemption . said , that the bill now before the Committee went to alter the number of effective men . At present , every man who appeared , properly armed and accoutred , five days , was entitled to exemption from the militia ; and if he appeared for 24 days , properly armed and accoutred , he was en- 326 titled to exemption from the army of reserve . The object of this bill was to make an alteration in that which made the volunteers effective men , and if this was done without the consent of the volunteer , it was a breach of : good faith with such a man . If this bill passed in the form in which it stood now , the condition of the volunteer was to be altered by it : he had not what was promised to him when he entered , and therefore this measure was a breach of good faith towards him , and that by Parliament ; good faith ought to be strictly observed by every body , but more especially by Parliament . It was extremely important to observe , that in this volunteer service there was at present no sort of discipline in this great body , except the terms on which they had been accepted . Many of them had discipline within themselves , and which they observed for their own regulation and internal arrangement ; but if Parliament interfered to impose on them some discipline to which they did not agree at the time their services were accepted , it would do that which it had no right to do , because it was altering the condition on which the volunteers entered , and they were entitled to insist on the terms on which they entered ; and here he could not help saying , that part of the speech of the right hon . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Rose ) appeared to him to have a mischievous tendency , because it went to favour that breach of faith . It was impossible , without breaking the condition on which the volunteer entered , to alter any of it , or to subject him to any thing else without breach of faith . It was said to be desirable to put the volunteers with the regiments of the line . That was indeed the case of those who might be called out under the defence act , but it was expressly otherwise with regard to the volunteers ; for Parliament had expressly declared that the volunteers should not be called upon to join the regiments of the line , and to do otherwise now would be to violate the faith which was the basis of the volunteer service ; and if it was persisted in to make that alteration , the engagement between government and the volunteers was dissolved ; and if measures of this kind were to be insisted upon , he was afraid the country would be deprived of a great deal of service it might otherwise have . The volunteers were an immense body of men , and they were , of course , very-attentive to what passed concerning public affairs , and particularly respecting themselves ; and care should be taken to bring nothing forward that was inconsistent with the faith which Parliament had pledged itself to keep towards them . He was , however , 327 confident , that ministers would not countenance , nor would Parliament pass , any measure that was contrary to good faith , in any shape or on any condition . There had been a great deal said some time ago on the subject of a breach of faith with respect to property , and he wished the House to be as attentive to the question of a breach of faith respecting liberty . said , be could not see