be for ever remembered , that by embodying troops , if you in some cases increased their chance of victory , you , to a certainty , exposed them 634 to greater defeat ; and the great question to be decided was , whether from the nature of the troops and the time allowed for training of them , you were likely to gain more one way than you were to lose in the other . said a few words in condemnation of ministers , which we could not distinctly hear.—The question was then put , that the Speaker do now leave the chair , which was carried without a division . Air . Yorke in consideration of the lateness of the hour , proposed , that the committee should only proceed pro forma , and proceed to-morrow with the discussion of the subject . The House was resumed , and progress being reported , it was agreed that the committee should sit again on Thursday.—The other orders of the day were then deferred , and the House adjourned at two o'clock . rose , not , he said , for the purpose of opposing the motion of the noble Sec . of State , for he had no objection to deferring the discussion of the measure till that day : but he was induced , from the consideration of such a bill being before the House , and more especially by the circumstance of a bill of still greater importance being in its progress through the other House of Parliament , to require some information from ministers , relative to a subject of the greatest importance to that House and to the country . He alluded to the present state of the Sovereign 's health ; and he expressed his hope that in the present instance , the noble Sec . of State would be able to afford that consolatory information which was lately given in ( he other House of Parliament , by a person high in his Majesty 's councils : what he meant was , the declaration , that no necessary suspension of the royal functions 635 existed . Information on this head was the more requisite from the authority of ministers , as the House had , as yet , no source of information , but that which it had in common with the public at large ; namely , what it learned from : he daily bulletins signed by lour of the royal physicians : the information conveyed by these , he deemed neither sufficiently explicit nor satisfactory ; the more so , as it was said that a filth person of the medical profession attended on his Majesty , whose name he was rather surprised to observe was not subscribed in common with the others . He was glad to perceive several of his Majesty 's ministers in their places , and in whose presence he called for the explanation alluded to , and he particularly had to address himself to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , from whom he seemed to think full explanation on such a subject was more peculiarly , as from his high official capacity and relation to the Sovereign , involving in a deep , and he might say , awful responsibility , to be expected . Adverting again to the circumstance of the only channel through which the House had hitherto an opportunity of being informed upon this most important topic , he expressed the sense of duty he felt to call upon his Majesty 's ministers for the desired explanation . observed , that he could not conceive what regular or proper ground the noble lord could assume , on what might have taken place elsewhere , to put the question alluded to , to any particular peer in that House . However , the topic being mentioned , he had no hesitation to declare , what gave him heart-felt consolation , and what he was sure must afford all their lordships , and the country at large , the greatest satisfaction ; namely , that there existed at present no necessary suspension