employ them , and comparing the whole with the result , to determine in their own minds , whether the affairs of the country , in this most critical concern of its defence , had or had not been placed in proper hands . Let the several heads of comparison , as he had enumerated them , be considered more in detail . The means of the country , in its first and greatest article , the basis of all the rest , was a population of fifteen millions : the time , as he had agreed to take it , from the 8th of March , was nine months , three quarters of a year . The wealth of the country was , he must confidently say , for this purpose unlimited . There was nothing that the country was not willing to do in the way of personal service , or to contribute in the way of money . It was long , indeed , before the hon . gent . thought fit to call upon them . Whether it was that they feared 10 alarm the holders of omnium , according to their own original account , or whether they distrusted the zeal of the country , according to the explanation given of their intentions , in their second edition , when they had had the assistance of a learned commentator ( Mr. Sheridan ) ; whichever of these was the case with respect to them , the result of the fact was , that the country was no sooner told of its danger , and summoned to rouse in its defence , than it obeyed the call with an alacrity which the hon . gentlemen have since confessed themselves to have been unprepared for . 'They did not call spirits from the vasty deep , ' which refused to answer to their bidding . On the contrary , the hon . gent . had no 166 sooner began to try for this zeal , had hardly begun to sink this well , before the national feeling rose so fast upon them , that they found themselves in danger of being over whelmed by it , and begged for God 's sake to be pulled up again . They no sooner turned this cock than it spurted in their faces . They had nothing to plead , therefore , on the score , that the country did not second their efforts , that it withheld its assistance , that it kept back its milk , as it were : the country was ready to yield its resources to any amount for which they would have declared it necessary to call for them . So far as to the means which they possessed : but were the means employed inconsiderable , or not abundantly sufficient to prove the improvident management of those who had the administration of them ? I he money expended for the army of reserve alone , and that too in mere bounties , could not be estimated at less than , £l,000,000 . For the volunteers , the hon . gent , had just said , that the estimate for the ensuing year must be , £700,000 ; and , therefore , for the year now closed , in which , if some articles were less , others were considerably greater , could not , he conceived , be less than £1,000,000 . This , as the sum advanced by government to that object ; to which , if he was to add , as undoubtedly he must add , the part contributed by individuals , he certainly should be within the mark , when he stated the whole expense incurred for volunteers at not less than £2,000,000 . Here then was a sum of at least £3,000,000 expended in little more than the mere creation of a force ; and that in a way , for the greater part of it , infinitely more oppressive than if raised by a general tax . What then , they were to ask , was the force created ? And upon this occasion the statement of