extreme of folly or of wickedness.—I do tell the light hon . gent , on the treasury bf rich , that he can not confidently reckon on the warm and effectual support of the empire in this great struggle , unless he be just to the people.—It was with no small degree of regret , I understood him to have declared , that `` he was not aware of the probability `` under the present circumstances of any `` discussion upon the situation of Ireland `` being attended with any other than the `` most dangerous consequences . '' If it be meant by this observation , that the consideration of these subjects should be postponed till after the conclusion of the war , I assert , that such an idea is an insult to the magnanimity and good sense of parliament.—What I shall it be said that at a time , when all the . strength which the empire is capable of affording may be necessary , that one important part , known to be diseased , shall be left without care or remedy , and suffered to go on decaying until , become rotten , it be irrecoverably lost ? Good God ! at a crisis the most awful , in a contest the most tremendous in which this country ever was engaged , likely to be terminated only by the downfall of one of the contending powers , a contest for which we require all the strength and power which unanimity only can afford , at such a moment , to hesitate in adopting a system of conciliation is monstrous ! ! ! Will it be objected that a time of war is unseasonable for the discussion of this important subject : upon what ground ? —That there are grievances , and heavy ones too , under which the . greater part of the Irish people labour , is not , can not be disputed : this being admitted , it is unjust to procrastinate the redress of them till the issue of the present contest ; for aught we know , to an indefinite period , and that too , without any pledge or hope that even after the termination of the war , the government would be disposed to make concessions or afford relief.—As to the policy of neglecting the state of Ireland during the war , I shall say that it becomes highly criminal , when the right hon . secretary has this moment declared that the British Empire , provided it were united , might single-handed , defy the threats with which we are now insulted , and that so convinced of this was the enemy , that he was labouring incessantly to divide us , and to create a party in the empire . Could any stronger argument than this be advanced by me , or those who think with me on the necessity of redressing the grievances of the Irish people as soon , as possible ? I am of the same 72 opinion with the right hon . gent. , that Buonaparté and his agents are sowing discord , and fomenting the passions of that people in order to distract , divide , and weaken our forces , as well as to embarrass his Majesty 's councils.—Taking this for granted , what shadow of objection can be made against the introduction and discussion of a measure , the object and result of which is to detach from die enemy , those on whose assistance he may rely . No motive , no reasonable cause of discontent ought to be left , on which he may attempt to act.—Here again I must declare , that no system of government however defective , no complaint however founded , can justify the subject at this hour of general danger , when his country , his religion , his laws , and liberties are attacked , in refusing his cordial support to repel the common enemy.—But , with respect to this cant about the time and circumstances proper for a full enquiry into the state of Ireland , I should be glad to know