was delivered over to the noble and gallant Admiral , or whether it was taken possession of by a military operation . That the operation might have been combined I have no doubt , and that intercourse might have been had with some of the factious in Toulon is also very probable , but the predominant feature was certainly military . On the 23d of August Lord Hood appeared off Toulon with 14 sail of the line , where he found Admiral St. Julien ( a creature of the Republic ) in command of the French fleet of seventeen sail of the line , and who had suspended Admiral Trogoffe from all his functions and command , and consequently all the expected co-operation on the part of Trogoffe was at an end , and the gallant admiral decided to attack the French fleet in the formidable position in which it was moored ; and like a great general ( having long established his character as a great admiral ) he disembarked the part of the army serving in his fleet with the marines , and took possession of Fort La Malgue . After this was achieved , did he not send a flag of truce to St. Julien , the French admiral , and make a disposition to attack his fleet at anchor from the catteries of La Malgue and the co-operation of the British fleet ? These preparations , and the name of the noble admiral , and the recollection of the victories that composed its glory , had the greatest effect on St. Julien ; the British admiral 's conduct at Basse Terre , where he manœuvred the French admiral De Grasse from his Anchorage , and took possession of it , was fresh in St. Julien 's memory , he knew he had to contend with a man who had been in the habits of turning his countrymen out of their roadsteads , and taking possession of them and that the same military talent might be applied here . Shall we , says St. Julien to his partizans , give another opportunity of adding new laurels to 1068 the English flag , and increasing the disgrace of France . No ! Let us retire , let us join the army of Carteaux , rather than risk the issue of a battle . These were the . motives which induced St. Julien to desert his fleet , accompanied with the crews of seven ships most attached to him , at the very moment the British admiral was about to enter to attack him . Can this then be called a convention ? No ! there was no condition , no convention between the contending commanders . And even in this , as well as after Lord Hood entered Toulon , he was seen to act not only as a gallant naval officer , but also as a great general , and consummate statesman ; and then whether the fleet surrendered , or was taken in trust for Louis XVI . the operation to all intents and purposes must be considered as a military operation , and is entitled to the highest praise . It was difficult to say upon what ground a claim so well founded , could be objected . If the idea is to go abroad that the liberality of the House will not show itself to signal services at the recommendation of his Majesty , what discouraging effects may it not produce ? Even at this moment , when Lord Nelson is blockading that same port of Toulon ; when perhaps he is on the eve of capturing the French Fleet either by valour or negociation , is it to be held out that for such services as these there is to be no reward , because they may be said to be achieved by a convention . I contend that Lord Hood 's conduct throughout the whole of this business , evinced the highest sense of honour , and the most refined delicacy.—The question , in my opinion , is of the first importance , and recommend it : of the serious consideration of