existing law , partly on a temporary and coerced confidence in the assertions of his Majesty 's ministers , that prompt and vigorous measures were absolutely necessary , and partly on the intelligence contained in private letters , which several of my acquaintance in London had received . But , Sir , I protest I 93 should have voted for it under a clear conviction that his Majesty 's ministers would , so soon as they could have arranged and digested it , laid before Parliament a farther detailed communication not only in respect to the conspiracy but to the general stale of the country , and on this ground gave my most cordial and zealous support to a motion , which was made at the close of this last session for procuring such information . The Parliament however was prorogued without one ray of light on the situation of Ireland , and in this slate of darkness we are now called upon to continue these extraordinary powers to the Irish government . Sir , I do for one declare with the most genuine sincerity , that in the present dearth of our information , I do not feel able to form a decisive judgment upon this question , for it is impossible even to estimate the real magnitude of the late conspiracy , which seems always to expand or contract in conformity to the views of those who describe it . I am therefore not prepared to negative the bill , but I must express my hope that the progress of it will be suspended until some parliamentary ground is laid for its necessity . Ireland may be in such a state as to render the measure absolutely requisite , but surely , Sir , it is not too much to ask for some document , some evidence , some information on the subject . It may be said that this bill is only the continuance of an existing law , and that in one or two instances the martial law bill has been renewed without any previous specific communication from government ; but , Sir , the present proposition is for the continuance of an act , which pissed , as it were , by acclamation , in the exigency of the moment , and which itself , as I contend , stands , in a constitutional view , upon a defective title . It will probably be alleged too that we ought to vote this measure upon confidence in his Majesty 's ministers , who will be responsible for the execution of it . Now , Sir , I aver it is a case , in which there is no pretence for confidence . On a subject of such magnitude and importance I can not consent to act on the principle of implicit faith in any government . Much information may clearly be given to us , which care be divulged without a possibility of detriment to the state , and that class of intelligence , which may require more caution and reserve in the communication of it , may be afforded to us through the medium of a secret committee . No injury can result from the delay as the existing law will not expire for some weeks . But perhaps , his 94 Majesty 's ministers may tell me that they can not argue with me on the point of confidence , as I profess a general want of confidence in them ; and concur with those who think them incompetent to the trust they have assumed . But such , Sir , is the whimsical dilemma in which ministers have placed themselves , that I defy any man , who gives implicit faith to the scanty information they have furnished to us , to vote for this measure . I relied upon the little intelligence they have afforded us , I must , on the plain principles of common sense and justice , meet this bill with my unqualified negative . The only parliamentary information before the house in respect to the state of Ireland is contained in the King 's speech , for