into view , I think it necessary most distinctly to declare my opinion , that the proceedings of the high characters , to whom the management of Irish affairs are entrusted , will be found to have been , in the instance alluded to , perfectly justifiable ; that they acted with the most laudable judgment ; that they had procured full information of the plan of the insurrection , and had provided means amply adequate to defeat its object . That the lord lieutenant , after having taken every necessary precaution , thought proper to retire to his seat in the Phœnix-park , I am ready to admit ; but that such retirement betrayed any degree of inattention to the wants or security of the state and the city of Dublin , I do most decidedly contradict , because I am satisfied , that every measure was taken , that the most deliberate investigation , and the most active vigilance could suggest . The civil power was prepared , and the army , as was seen by the result of the insurrection , was in a complete state of readiness . The superintendant magistrate of Dublin , was , at an early period of the day on which the insurrection took place , apprised by the Irish government , that 117 such an event was expected , arid the police of Dublin was in consequence prepared . The right hon . gentleman who has just sat down is , therefore , unfounded in the assertion , that no communication whatever was made of the design of the rebels to the civil power , until the very moment the rebellion broke out . The lord-lieutenant of Ireland having taken every proper step of preparation for the public security , there was one oilier important object to which it was the duty of his excellency to attend , namely , to guard against popular alarm , by avoiding any ostentations proceeding that might betray exaggerated fear ; for such a conduct , he must be aware , would tend to encourage the rebels , by inducing them to think more highly of their own powers , and perhaps to throw the city of Dublin into a state of consternation that might weaken their power , and diminish their competency to resist the danger . Such effects would have very probably arisen , had the lord lieutenant declined going , according to his usual habit , to his seat in the park . I , therefore , am warranted in contending , that it was wise in the lord lieutenant to return to his country house , and not to remain in the metropolis , which would have given rise to reports and conjectures , dangerous in their nature and consequences . But having made these statements , in answer to the assertions of the right hon . gentleman , I must once more remark , that they have no connexion whatever with the question before the house , which is simply this , whether it is expedient to continue the act under consideration without the preliminary proceeding of an inquiry before a committee , as to the necessity which calls for it . To the appointment of such a committee , I must object , because the necessity is obvious , and because the same measure of precaution , which this bill proposes , has , in many instances , been adopted without any previous inquiry . It was so on the first suspension of the habeas corpus act , at the commencement of the last war , and on several other occasions , which must be within the recollection of the hon . gentleman on the other side , and in most of which , the right hon . gentleman , who last addressed the house , took a very active part ; and his hon . friend , who sat near him ( Mr. Elliot ) was not less active , in similar cases , as a member of the Irish parliament . From such gentlemen , therefore , the loud call for inquiry into the grounds of necessity