. For these and other reasons , he was against its going into the committee . As to the noble secretary 's assertion , that the number of banks were diminished , this was no proof that the quantity of paper was ; indeed , from the instances of increase in the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland , it might more fairly be inferred the reverse . With respect to his lordship 's theory , he said , that actual balances of issues had been all along in favour of Ireland ; and it so , en those principles , she would not experience any scarcity of coin . conceived , that few of the observations which had been entered into by noble lords , had application to the question then before the House , which was , whether the present bill should go in to a committee ? And what was the object of that bill ? Nothing more than to continue in Ireland a regulation which had been adopted , and still continues in Gt . Britain ; and which , while it exists in one country , must exist in another . He should consider himself as doing the greatest injustice and injury , not 711 only to the bank , but to all the people of Ireland , if he did not assent to the measure . As a member of the United Parliament , he felt himself bound to embrace ( if he might be allowed the expression ) with a fraternal care , the interests of the people of that country , and to see that their commercial concerns should not receive any sudden or dangerous shock ; which must be the case it all the parties belonging to banking concerns in that country were to be now rendered liable to pay in specie . Fie was also one of those who had originally supported the present measure.—While he was speaking upon this subject , he could not help taking notice of the practice winch had prevailed for several years , of passing acts only for a short time , and renewing them successively , for short periods . It was practive highly mischievous and injurious to the independence of Parliament itself ; because it begot a habit of inattention and negligence on the part of Members of Parliament , to subjects on which they were bound to exercise a degree of parliamentary jealousy ; because , conceiving they might have an opportunity of opposing a particular measure every time of its renewal , they neglected to oppose it at all . He , therefore , would always wish to see laws passed in the first instance , for as long a period as it might be conceived necessary for them to exist.—He admitted there was great weight in what had fallen from a noble lord ( Grenville ) near him , as to the expediency of taking off the restriction ; but , supposing that to be done , it was necessary that it should be done gradually . Now , it this bill was frustrated , it would be obvious that the restriction would be wholly removed , and that suddenly . So , too , with respect to the sentiments of another noble lord ( Carysfort ) , who complained of the prolonged duration of the bill it was clear that all question on that point would be best discussed in the committee . He professed not to understand how the restriction on the Banks could diminish the quantity of cash in circulation , more than the differences between the actual issue of notes and the issue at the time of the restriction taking place ; or suppose the issues then 12,000,000 , are now 18,000,000 . According to this view , the diminution of cash , owing to this cause , could only be 6,000,000 . With respect to the accounts moved for by a noble lord ( Granville ) , to shew in what currency the payment of the taxes was made , he had opposed it , because they could not be made up in time