, 3 out of the 5 heads of information moved for were refused expressly , because they led to an inquiry into the conduct of that Board . It was impossible that any enemy of the noble lord who presided over the Admiralty could contrive to as-parse his character more than such conduct did . The Board was called on to assign a reason why they had not done as much for the defence of the country as other Boards had done in former times , and the necessary means of this inquiry were refused . One right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) had imputed to his right hon . friend the offence of damping the ardour of the country . He left it to the House to say , whether such was the tendency of his right hon . friend 's conduct ; and whether , on the contrary , he had not done every thing in his power to produce a contrary effect , and to put the country in a state of complete defence ? It was also ininuated by another hon . gent . ( Mr.Sheridan ) that the motion had for its object to encourage and protect a set of correct contractors and jobbers . He appealed t the House , whether it was possible to attribute any motives of that kind to the mover ? He was at a loss to conceive how the Chancellor of the Exchequer could assert , that the number of the 917 dock-yard men , was only 58 deficient , as , if his information on that subject were correct , the deficiency was near IICC . He did not see any objection to giving the House accurate information the subject , which might at some future period be moved for . It was certain that at the peace the Admiralty had reduced the number 400 below the usual peace establishment . This , he thought , should not have been done till our navy , worn by the length of service , was put in a complete state of repair : and particularly when , as ministers must have known , another war was impending.—Much had been said of the impolicy of building ships in private yards ; he should be glad , however , to hear what new ships were now laid down in the dock-yards , or what old ones were likely to be finished . A great many ships had been built in these private yards , and now a ship or two , the Ajax and Achilles , were ; said to be defective , and that circumstance was gravely assigned as a reason for desisting in a long established and uniform practice.—The motive of the present-motion he conceived to be to show that , our naval force was less than it ought to be . It did not confine itself to gun-boats , as it seemed to be understood , but applied equally to every degree of force , largo as well as small . The question seemed to be argued , as if his right hon . friend meant to call on the Board of Admiralty to dismantle the large ships , and only equip gun-boats his was ; by it means his intention . Preserving ah the line of battle ships and frigates , it was to be seen whether an adequate number of small craft was provided for our defence ; or , at least , as many as could have been produced . He admitted the great professional character of Lord St. Vincent , to which he was as inclined as any one to do justice , and also to his exertions in correcting the frauds and corruptions incident to the naval expenditures ; but of his civil conduct he might possibly entertain a very different opinion . The object of the present motion related only to acts of omission . The time might come when a further inquiry might take , place into some circumstances in his conduct of actual commission , which not only affected the state of our naval defence , but was