seem to him that the hon . gent . ( Mr . Pole ) had met the charge of his hon . friend ( Colonel Craufurd ) , who did not say , that there was 110 not ammunition here and there , but spoke respecting the ammunition in the cartouch boxes of the soldiers . That part of the remark had not been answered . When he recurred to the observations of the noble lord , he had not so much to state arguments on the one side , as to speak of the want of them on the other . They were now about to renew martial law in Ireland , without having heard one single word to justify the measure . To vote the reestablishment of martial law seemed to be so much a matter of course , that it required no argument to support it . They stopped the constitution as a miller would stop a wind or a water-mill , and with as little consideration . The constitution was stop and set a going , was commanded to march or to halt , with as little ceremony as a colonel would use towards his battalion . He would not say this was wrong , but he wanted to know why it was right . It had been said that notoriety had been considered a good ground for voting a measure of this nature ; this might be very true when rebellion was at the doors of those who voted such a measure , but no such reason existed now , and no other was given for it . They had been told of a danger which was at present invisible ; this put him in mind of a dancer , who was described as turning round so quick , that he could not be seen to turn ; which led somebody to observe , that perhaps he did not turn round at all ; so as to this invisible danger : people might suspect , as nothing could be seen , that there was , perhaps , no danger at all . In the present instance , however , the difficulty was greater . He might discover from the mere light of nature , for to that he was left , the necessity of the present measure ; but how was he to collect it from what ministers said ? The whole of the inference that was to be drawn from their representations discountenanced the measure . He wished that ministers would tell them , when they should have made up their minds upon the subject , whether the late insurrection was really a contemptible riot ; a mere effervescence of the moment , and confined to the spot on which it originated , or whether it spread to greater extent , and had taken deep root in the country ? He wished that the hon . gentlemen on the other side of the house would deal fairly with them in that respect , and not , as at present , play fast and loose ; seeking to have the benefit of suppositions both of which could not be true , like the student at one of the universities , who , upon being asked whether the sun went 111 round the earth , or the earth round the sun , answered , sometimes one and sometimes the other . So in the present case , sometimes ministers said the insurrection was a contemptible riot ; at others , it was of such magnitude as to require a martial law bill . How could the house act ? If they voted for the bill , they must vote for it in spite of the arguments of the ministers who supported it , and whose description of the event , which made the basis of their measure , was at one time a figure of stature to reach the skies , and at another , shrunk , like ( he spirits in Pandemonium , to a pigmy size hardly capable of being discerned . The vigour of the measure might , according to the opinion of