and the report , to consider the subject more maturely . He would ask his right hon . friend , ( Mr. Pitt ) if it was consistent with his principles to debar gentlemen from considering the subject , and to hurry on an immediate decision without regard to the many consequences it might occasion ; to decide rashly a question on which the volunteer interests , the very fate , indeed , of the volunteer corps , might ultimately depend . He was thoroughly convinced that it was not the will of the volunteer corps that a discretionary power of an unlimited extent should reside in their commanding officers . Fie wished to have leisure to deliberate before a keep that might be attended with such disastrous consequences . Should a division be insisted on , which he hoped would not , he should be able to-morrow to look back with satisfaction on the vote which he was determined to give , that the clause should stand as it is at present with the amendment already moved . At the same time , he by no means pledged himself to the House that he would adhere to the opinion he had now stated , should he acquire any new information on the subject . The committee have already recognised the principle on which the clause is founded , he thought it necessary , therefore , not to precipitate a subject of so much importance , and on which there was room for so much doubt , while the general principle was acknowledged by all . thought the clause ought not to be retained , as it neither was satisfactory to the House , nor appeared to correspond with the opinion of ministers themselves . animadverted on the mode of reasoning pursued by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . They were all of one opinion , indeed , in regard to the principle , but that opinion seemed to be that the clause in question meant nothing . They were all of opinion that an unlimited power should not be vested in the commanders of the volunteer corps : but the question was , how to apply to prac- 730 tice a principle which they all acknowledged . The right hon . gent , required more time to make up his mind . It the framers of the bill then required more time to come to a determination , there was no wonder that the House should be in want of time for the same purpose , and yet the right hon . gent , would not allow them that indulgence which he claimed exclusively to himself , by forcing down this clause , when , according to his own confession , it absolutely meant nothing . Both he and the right hon . gent , wished to wait till they were more able to determine , but they wished to wait in different ways . He , for his own part , wished to wait by doing nothing . But the right hon . gent , wished not to be idle in the meantime , though his activity amounted to nothing , he would advise those gentlemen , on the contrary , if they could not amend the clause in question , to say nothing , but to wait till they could say something to the purpose It had been said , that it would be degrading to a commanding officer to be obliged to assign his reasons for his conduct , on every occasion ; but he would be glad to know from what quarter such sentiments were derived ? He was certain the laws of this country did not say so . They required , on the contrary , that every man , in whatever situation , should be able to justify his conduct on principles of truth and honesty . The words of the clause , in fact , meant nothing : but allow them , say the framers of the bill , to remain unmeaning , as we acknowledge them to be , till we can find words that have some meaning , which ,