as the said assessments refer to or concern the subaltern officers on half-pay , or in any of the said corps or regiments . '' He only wanted an answer to this motion from the chancellor of the exchequer , as he was not quite prepared to bring it forward on a former occasion . said , that he should have been very sorry to have deprived the House , or the noble lord , of any information on the subject , were it not that he knew that the noble lord 's object was to relieve the subaltern officers from the tax . To this he felt that it was impossible to accede , and on this ground he must oppose the motion . said , that the chancellor of the exchequer had correctly understood the grounds upon which he moved for this account , for it was certainly with a view to found a motion upon it , for relieving the 737 subaltern officers from the effects of the tax . He only wished the question to be put at present , without entering any farther into it.—The question was then put , and negatived without a division.—His lordship then gave notice , that on this day fortnight tie would bring forward a motion , for the House to resolve itself into a committee , to consider the property tax , as far as it related to the proportions to be imposed upon subaltern officers . —I rise , Sir , in pursuance of the notice I gave upon a former night , to call your attention to a subject by no means new to the House . It has frequently been discussed incidentally , and in all these discussions there has hitherto appeared to be a material difference of opinion amongst his Majesty 's ministers , as to where the blame was input able . It will not , then , be deemed surprising if his Majesty 's ministers , wish all the means of information they possess , have not been able to form a decided and unanimous opinion , that there should exist also doubts in this House , and if these doubts do exist , that no individual like myself , should wish to bring forward this inquiry in a shape which , in the firm instance , will admit a wide field of discussion , and , if it meets the approbation of the House , will afford an opportunity of procuring every species of information that can tend to elucidate a transaction of such importance to the honor of the Irish government , and the safety and happiness of the Irish people.—I shall not inquire what has induced the hen . Admiral ( Berkeley ) to wave his motion , but I totally disclaim the intention with which he , from the most he norable motives of friendship , had been induced to bring it forward . I feel myself called upon to consider the subject on a more enlarged scale , and without wishing to throw a larger share of blame upon one part of the government , to exculpate another , that the subject should undergo a full , fair , and can did investigation . Upon any motion of inquiry relative to Ireland , it was formerly objected , that the Parliament of that country were competent to the management of their own affairs . Such an objection is since the Union , not only impossible , but appears to afford an opportunity of impressing the necessity of a strict attention to their welfare . It can not be doubted that great sacrifices were made by the members of Ireland , and I hope no member of the British Parliament opposed that measure , without first reflecting on the important duty he took upon himself , and without a determination to feel an equal 738 regard for the interests of that country upon all occasions . Those interests were formerly the exclusive care of the Irish Legislature ; their discussions were free from the weighty and important considerations of foreign policy , and their whole attention was directed to