insti- 214 tution , I wish the members of it to be treated with the utmost respect and attention , as I most sincerely applaud the zeal by which they are actuated ; but I can never persuade myself to believe that they are ever likely to answer the expectations of the right hon . gent , under the gallery , even if they were to be drilled 50 days in the year , as the right hon . gent , desired . In what time , I would ask , considering the ordinary habits of the volunteer corps , would they be capable of filling the place which the right hon . gent , would assign them ? Certainly not in the next year or the following . Would it be prudent to place the safety of the country under the protection , at any time of war , of a body of volunteers not subject to martial law , nor inured to military discipline ? If the rumour of invasion , which , by the by , I never thought so likely to be attempted , and if attempted not so practicable as most people seem to imagine , were to blow over , would the right hon . gent , under the gallery , or any other gentleman , venture to advise the sending of our regular army on any foreign expedition , and depend entirely on the volunteers for our safety against any attack of the enemy on our coast ? If in such a case invasion should be actually undertaken , there would , I think , be serious ground for apprehension and alarm . From these considerations I deduce an opinion correspondent to that of the right hon . gent , on the same bench with me , that the machinery of the volunteer system is bad ; and that the present system is never likely to produce such a force , even with the aid of that right hon . gentletleman 's ( Mr. Pitt ) utmost ability , as he professes to entertain a hope of . I am persuaded that the volunteers will not answer to act with the regular army in the field of battle , opposed to the enemy 's troops , as they are at present constructed , nor to form the ground work of such a force as the right hon . gent , under the gallery has alluded to . I should have no objection to a general armament of the people under any circumstances when the country was in danger . But the volunteers , in the light which I view them , can not be considered as an arming of the people . If they are to be so considered they are in numbers quite too weak ; but if they are to be regarded as the foundation of a future army , as the right hon . gent , under the gallery has hinted , they are too large . For the latter purpose 400,000 men would be too much , and for the former one million of men would not be very considerable . Therefore , in either case , the volunteer system is unsuitable . It struck me , as somewhat strange , 215 in the noble lord 's description of the forces of the country , that he never stated the precise amount of the regular army , as contradistinguished to the militia . Why this was not told , I can not say ; but no doubt it was not , because they were so numerous that they could not be counted . The volunteers seemed to be the favourite subject of the noble lord 's description , enumeration , and praise . No doubt the volunteers themselves are justly entitled to applause ; but I must say , that the character of the country is not advanced by the frequent repetition of such applause . What , was the House to feel so much elated as if it were matter of wonder that when the country was declared in danger , the people of England were emulous to