and whenever the actual struggle comes , whenever they are to contend for their country and their homes , for every thing that is dear to their feelings and to their honour , I am confident that they will all be found to do their duty , and that many them will enter into the line . As to the right hon . gentleman 's objection to their clothing , I must allow that it is a matter of regret , that they have not all adhered to the national colour , and principally because as the departure from it may occasion some confusion . I even am tempted to wish , that they had all adopted the regulation clothing , although that is not of so very much importance , as it is impossible , when acting in large bodies , that an enemy could distinguish the difference at a few hundred yards distance . The right hon . gent. , as he conceives , has made a still more serious objection against ministers , for he asserts , that the volunteer system at first made no part of their means of defence . Sir , in reply to this , I will only recal to this House an act which passed in the year 1802 , in which , among others , there were express provisions , not only for continuing the old volunteers , but even for accepting new otters . Sir , it must be in the recollection of gentlemen , that such an act was before this House , and that it created no discussion . It was in vain that I wished to call the attention of the House to the whole of our military and volunteer system . The provisions and principles of that bill passed through the House , with little comment , and as little attention . Surely , if there had been any thing vicious in that system , it should have been resisted in limine . The General Defence Act , as it is entitled , did not embrace the volunteer system , nor was it meant to supersede it , The proposition for exonerating the parishes , if volunteers should offer to a certain extent , was made with the unanimous concurrence of this House . The whole nation rose as one man , and it was from that cause that the idea of 186 parochial companies was laid aside . Was such au impetuous and gallant disposition on the part of the people , to be rejected by us ? Were we to say to them , we wo n't accept your services , we will resort to our compulsory means ? Sir , I need not suggest to the right hon . gent , how culpable , I should almost say , how criminal , government would have been , if they had not availed themselves of the spirit of the people , which we have never endeavoured to repress , as the hon . gent , has charged us with , but which , on the contrary , we have done every thing to promote . As to the state of the arsenals , though that appertains more immediately to the ordnance department , I will assert , that they never were more abundantly provided . Upwards of 400,000 stand of arms have been distributed , and it was the question of arms , and the question of exemptions , which first compelled the government to the determination of restricting the extent of the volunteer-system . I lament , that I possess not the ability to reply to the whole of the ingenious speech , which the right hon . gent , has delivered . With regard to his observation about a directing mind , I , for my own part , will admit , that I am not fortunate enough to possess all the talent that the right hon . gent does ; but I will not yield to him , or any man , in die disposition to serve the country with zeal , and , trust , with effect . We ,