that has befallen his Majesty , than any one in the House expected this night , the House will put itself forward to meet his Majesty on the resumption of his royal functions , with those important measures which are most necessary to the safety of the country , or , by adjourning this night , leave the question which the hon . baronet has put , to be repeated to-morrow , without any greater chance of a satisfactory explanation . It does seem to me , that pressing the question to a division , may be attended with bad consequences . I am sure such consequences are extremely remote from what the hon . baronet had in contemplation in putting the question . The only practical difference in meeting tomorrow , if the question should be pressed to a division , will be , that the House will meet to-morrow with the bill appointed to be read a second time this night , one stage backward ; but if , on the division , the present motion should be rejected , it will be a precedent for future unnecessary delay . I again return my thanks to the hon . baronet , for the information he has procured , and I hope that ministers will now feel , that the eyes of the country are more anxiously turned towards them , particularly since the explanations which have taken place this night . In expressing , therefore , my warmest thanks to the hon . baronet who has brought forward this motion , I entreat and implore of him , not to press it to a division , that the ministers may feel the weight of the responsibility which they have thought proper to take upon themselves . If it should be pushed to a division , I fear I shall , for 528 the reasons I have stated , be under the necessity of voting against the adjournment ; but if such a vole , if I should be put to the necessity of giving it , be construed into the slightest or most remote shadow of confidence in die present government , I shall be most egregiously misunderstood . Having stated these grounds for my request , I do earnestly entreat the hon . baronet to spare me the pain which I should feel , if I thought there was the most remote possibility of such a construction being but upon my conduct . —Sir ; after what has been said by my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Fox ) , and the right hon . gent . on the bench below ( Mr. Windham ) , I should not have risen for any other purpose than to obtain an explanation of an ambiguous expression which has fallen from the right hon . gent . opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) ; an expression which would have a dangerous tendency if the ambiguity were not explained . I have felt , I am sure , in common with every one present , the highest satisfaction at the improved state of health in which the House is given to understand that his Majesty is in ; but this satisfaction base nevertheless , been damped by doubt and suspence . When it was stated that there was not any necessary suspension of the royal authority , as to such functions as it may be incumbent on his Majesty to discharge , the statement was qualified , as to such functions as extraordinary circumstances may render necessary . I wish the report had been more large , and less liable to be divided by distinctions : for I can not conceive a royal authority competent to some things and not competent to others . If the royal authority is , in fact , competent to some duties , but not to all , dreadful indeed , as the right hon . gent . under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) has described it , is the responsibility which those who state themselves to be his Majesty 's confidential ministers have assumed . If they think the royal