attend in their places , and that the subject might be discussed in the most ample manner . The noble lord and the House would therefore , he hoped , do him the to acknowledge , that upon this subject he had always entertained and professed the same opinion . As to the question of the Restriction on the Bank of Ireland , he supposed the noble lord did not mean to contend that the Restriction ought to be taken of there while it continued here.— [ Lord A. Hamilton said , `` certainly not '' ] —Then the noble lord 's observations did no apply to the Bank of Ireland ; they were general speculations applying to the Bank of England and as that subject was not before the House it was not necessary for him to enter into it . With regard to the situation of Ireland with respect to its circulation , he should certainly be happy to receive the assistance of the abilities of the noble lord , and as the subject must come again under the consideration of Parliament this session , he hoped it would meet with the most ample discussion . In explanation , disclaimed any improper motives in the observations he had thrown out . said , that the interference of Parliament was certainly necessary to put an end to this evil , which was of very great magnitude . There appeared to him various ways in which it might be done : the two countries being united , he saw no reason why the bunks should not be united ; or a bill might be passed to limit the circulation of paper in Ireland . These , certainly , were delicate measures , and required much consideration ; but , with regard to the issue of private Bank paper in Ireland , which , was very great , he saw no reason why they should not be obliged to pay their notes in Bank of England paper . said , the proposition of the boa . gent . was the most extraordinary he had ever heard ; if his object was to put a stop lo all the private Banks in Ireland , it would certainly be a very efficacious way of doing it ; because it could not be supposed that an Irish banker , who issued his notes at par , could pay those notes the next day in Bank : of England paper , at a loss of 18 or 19 per cent . But he did not agree with those , gentlemen , who attributed the balance of exchange against Ireland entirely to the restriction on the Bank of Ireland . If they would look back to the years 1795 and 1796 , they would had that the exchange was very high against Ireland , although there was then no restriction on payment in specie . The cause of this balance would perhaps be more readily found in the situation of the trade of Ireland with this country . Gentleman forgot when they spoke upon this subject , the large amount of the absentee rents drawn from Ireland . They forgot that since the union several large loans for that country had been negotiated in England , the interest of which , to the amount of one million and a hah , was annually drawn from Ireland . The absentee rents he estimated at little less than three millions , therefore the balance of trade in favour of Ireland must be great indeed , to supply such a continual drain . It had been said that the Bank of England had a greater controul over the private bankers than the Bank of Ireland had . This was a proposition he could not assent to , because the Bank of England had no other controul over the bankers except by refusing to discount their paper , and the Bank of Ireland had the same power . There was , however , a material difference between the situation of the two countries . In Ireland they had not only to combat with the general disposition of mankind to hoard