the bar , that his Majesty had been Waited on with the addresses of the House of the 13th of Feb. and of the 15th of March , which his Majesty had received graciously.—A message from the Lords acquainted the House that their Lordships had agreed to the Irish Duties ' Bill , the Irish Malt Duty Bill , the Irish Countervailing Duty Bill , and the Neutral Ships Bill , without any amendment . stated to the House , that he held in his hand a petition , which was deserving the attention of the House . The petition was from William Huskisson , Esq . who had been returned by the returning officer for the borough of Liskeard , as duly elected at the last election , but who . on coming to town to take his seat , found that the under sheriff of the county of Cornwall had transmitted to the clerk of the crown the return , but accompanied with a piece of parchment , purporting to be another return of T. Sheridan , Esq . for the same borough , but which parchment was neither signed nor sealed with the arms of the borough by the returning officer . The petitioner , therefore , appealed to the justice of the House , trusting , that as but one legal return had been made , he should not be prevented from taking his seat until after the decision of a Committee . Having stated thus much , Mr. Dundas wished to abide the sense of the House as to the course he should adopt . informed the hon . member , that , if the petition complained of an undue return in the usual way , it might be presented as a matter of course ; but being such as the hon . member had stated , it could not be brought up without first putting the question on it . observed , that , according to the facts , if they were truly stated , it appeared that only one valid return had been made by the sheriff , the course for the House therefore to adopt , would be to order the deputy clerk of the Crown to attend at the bar with the last return , in order to ascertain the truth of the facts . If it should appear that only one instrument bad the seal and signature of the returning officer , then unquestionably but one valid return had been made . said , that feeling , as every member of the Parliament did , a strong jealousy on every question relating to elections , if any evidence was to be taken , or . witnesses examined , he 955 had no hesitation in saying , that the petition should go to a committee . in a Committee of the whole House to consider of ways and means for raising a supply granted to his Majesty , said , if gentlemen would look to page 3 of the accounts of the grants for the service of the year 1803 , they would find that the grants for the naval service of that year amounted to,9,951,378 , the demands for the service of that department amounted to 8,174,711 the grants had , therefore , exceeded the demand by 1,776,667 . This being the case , he should propone , as was the usual custom , to grant the surplus towards the ways and means for raising the supply to be granted to his Majesty for the present year , if it were not for a circumstance in the 11th page . This was , that several payments had been made for other services not belonging to the year 1803 , amounting to of 579,706 . These demands all made by authority of acts of Parliament , had been satisfied by the Admiralty , out of the ways and means of the year . It was usual when the vote was insufficient for the service , to move the Committee of Supply to make good the deficiency . There the grant was more than sufficient , and the surplus would of course