no argument for the unconstitutional power granted by the bill . At the commencement of the civil wars , such a power was contended for by the crown lawyers ; but all the ablest legal authorities of that day resisted it . Se convinced was the King of the illegality of the power , that it was not acted upon in any instance . After the restoration , it was not attempted to be carried into practice , and militia laws soon after were substituted in its room . His Lordship , after insisting on this constitutional point ; with great force of argument , concluded by declaring , that the bill was very tar from meeting his approbation . He however declined entering on minor points till a future stage . in answer to the noble Lord who had just sat down , insisted that many of the objections of that noble Lord were irrelevant to the present stage of the bill . The question was not in regard to the propriety of the volunteer 1041 system as it generally stood , but whether the bill now before the House ought to fee read a second time as a bill designed to regulate and amend that system . The propriety of the general. , principle had been recognized by former bills , and did not therefore admit of much animadversion . It was impossible for him to confine himself , his Lordship said , to the narrow limits he could have wished , from the turn the debate had taken . All the talents of the noble Lord , and all the talents connected with that noble Lord , or that were engaged with the former administration , could not , his Lordship was persuaded , have effected a more perfect or more complete system than that now introduced by the bill . To shew that such a , force was necessary , as could not have been immediately raised or so expeditiously raised in the regular way , his Lordship only requested the House to turn their attention to the circumstances that attended the resolution of this country to enter again into the war . All circumstances considered , it could not have been in the power of the noble Lord , or in the power of those who conducted the last war , to have raised a more efficient or a more numerous force in the same time . It was not fair , his Lordship contended , to criticise the measures of any administration with that severity with which the noble Lord had attacked the present administration . On the same principle , what might he not say of the former administration to which that noble Lord had belonged , and to which he himself was inclined to attach the greatest respect ? It was impossible that in such circumstances as existed , any measures could have been adopted to produce more beneficial or more extensive effects than the present volunteer system was calculated to produce . No man , it is true , can deny , that a strong and numerous regular force is desirable and better in many respects than volunteers ; but it must be allowed also , at the same time , that such a regular force could not so easily , nor in so short a time , be raised to an amount equal to the efficiency of the Volunteers . Had not the present administration , in this instance , acted upon the same principle as had been acknowledged last war ? Should ever the volunteers be called into action , he had no doubt that their exertions would do honour to their country , and be a source of glory to themselves . 1042 Not a man among them , he believed , would survive a defeat . But the proper time , his Lordship argued , to take the different topics under consideration , was in the committee of the House , and not in the present stage of the bill , as none of the objections went so far as to deny the general principle . The