to masters and servants , he could not agree with the learned gent . He thought that the fight of the state to command the services of all , ought not to be impaired by any connexion arising merely between masters and servants . thought that many alterations were still necessary in this bill , for 936 which he wished that it should be again committed . Unless these alterations were made , he should feel himself under an obligation to oppose the bill altogether . He contended , that there were certainly no exemptions intended to be given originally , and none were expected ; and he was of opinion , that the measure would be far better , now , if the exemptions were taken away altogether , leaving to the volunteers the full right of resignation , if they found the burden too heavy , He then took notice of that , clause which allowed the commanding officer to grant leave of absence to the volunteers . A volunteer , he observed , might be absent for very good reasons , so long that it would be impossible for him , in the course of the year , to make out the number of days required by the act for his exemptions . He also might be confined by sickness in such a manner that he should never be able to come out , even once in the year . Yet in both these cases no provision was made in the bill for the exemption of such persons , which , if exemptions were to be granted at all , was a very great injustice , lie observed , in the bill , that a commanding officer was subjected to a penalty if he made a false return , and yet he was subjected to no penalty , for making no return at all , and the volunteers , therefore , by his neglect , might , in some instances , be deprived of their claim to exemption—With respect to the power granted to the commanding officers of dismissing members from their corps , he wished to know , whether it was intended that he should have this power , notwithstanding any rules to the contrary , in the corps , which had not undergone an examination by his Majesty ? —Another thing which he thought unjust was the power given to the commanding officer , of disallowing to any member of his corps , one of his days of drill , upon his supposing that he had not behaved properly . A fault of a very trifling nature , therefore , might be of serious consequence to the volunteer , by depriving him of his exemption . He also thought that point extremely objectionable which went to allow the commanding officer to keep a volunteer in a state of arrest during the time of the drill . This as it appeared to him , would be cither ridiculous or dangerous , by excising a spirit of resentment in the corps . He also was of opinion , that the control of masters over their servants and apprentices , ought not to be removed in any respect , as it might be productive of a great deal of inconveniences , The servants and apprentices thinking it good fun , perhaps , to go a volunteering , might insist upon going at the very tints when it would be most inconvenient 937 for their masters . All this was totally unnecessary , as there were abundance of volunteers without the necessity of removing this control . He observed that the point relating to the payment of fines were worse than before ; for now there was no imprisonment at all , but merely a double fine and a distress after 7 days notice , which , in the case of many volunteers , would be nothing else than telling them to run away . He thought die bill very imperfect He disapproved of the system entirely , but now he wished it , such as it was , to be brought to the greatest perfection posssible , thought