change in our opinion . On the subject of the late peace , for instance , or of the French revolution , a man was not likely to think at the end of any four-and-twenty hours now taken , differently from what he had done at the beginning . It would be useless therefore to delay a decision , with a view to what such an interval might produce . But , in the present case , four-and-twenty hours was nearly equal to the whole period that the event had been known to us , an event too , on which the letters of every pest , were giving us further and better information . On these ideas he had urged , that after an assurance to his Majesty , of the determination of the house to support his Majesty against all dangers , and to adopt whatever measures should be necessary for that purpose , they should have paused till the next day , to determine what those measures ought to be . This proposal was over-ruled , and he was treated as little less than a person disaffected , who , before 113 a bill was pased , such as the martial law bill , could suggest the propriety of a moment 's delay , till his Majesty 's ministers should have settled in their own minds , whether the event in question was a serious rebellion , or only an accidental riot . The decision was now made for an accidental riot . And it was declared , that from some causes or other , from the security necessarily exercised , and which , it seems , have had the effect , not only of intimidating and cutting off the usual effects of severity , but even of conciliating the disaffected , Ireland was in a better state than ever , less filled with a disposition to mischief , and with better means of resisting , should any be attempted . The consequence of all this would seem to be , that a suspension of the habeas corpus , and a martial law bill , which were not necessary before the 23d of July , must be still further from being necessary now . And this inference was further confirmed , by the circumstance so much insisted upon by ministers , that the powers granted at the period alluded to , had never been acted upon , but in one instance . He was the farthest from meaning to contend , that a power not acted upon , and a power not possessed , were one and the same thing ; or , that a power known to be possessed , might not produce great effects , even though it should never be called forth into action . But , at least , it must be admitted , that a power so circumstanced , that is to say , which in the course of many months had never been wanted , or never used , was not one , which required such hasty proceedings , as those which took place at the period above referred to , or which could claim to be renewed , without one single fact or argument adduced to shew that it was necessary . If no facts or arguments were adduced , as little could it be said , that the house had any authority to act upon . The authority , if any , must be that of his Majesty 's ministers ; and what must their authority be held to be , whose total ignorance or criminal neglect , had exposed the capitad of part of the empire to be within an ace of being surprised , ( he was glad to repeat the expression ) at a moment when they were preaching every where the tranquil state of the country . This topic , the hon . gentleman wished to get rid of , by a new kind of doctrine , namely , that nothing should be said of the conduct of ministers , unless produced in the shape of a distinct charge . He had no objection to