be deemed highly criminal , and the impropriety of such a measure can not be more fully exemplified than in the unfortunate occurrence which actually took place.—Hut . it has been argued , that the melancholy circumstance of Lord Kilwarden 's death was `` accidental , '' the rising `` a contemptible riot . '' Can that be deemed `` contemptible , '' which had for its object the separation of Ireland , to deprive us of her valuable assistance at a moment when we were called upon to make every exertion for the very defence of these kingdoms ? which was evidently undertaken in concert with the enemy , who had probably contributed to the powerful means which they had of carrying their plans into execution . Can that be called a `` contempible rior , '' which induced yon to pass bills , giving the greatest possible power to the government of that country , and after a period of months deliberately to renew them ? which obliged you to place the yeomanry of Ireland on permanent duty for 3 months , at an expense of above 400,000l . to be defrayed by die two countries ? No & Sir , the government of Ireland found itself 744 embarrassed . To justify these strong measures , they were oliged to represent it in its true light ; they then perceived that if it was important and extensive , they should have been better prepared against it , and what they call in their proclamations `` daring and rebellious outrages in prosecution of a rebellions conspiracy , `` dwindles into a `` contemptible riot . `` —But let us not differ as to I terms . Grant a full and fair investigation . Let us have authenticated papers , and persons ; at your bar . Let us have she facts , and the ; appropriate name will easily be found.—I therefore move , `` That this house do resolve itself into a commitee of the whole house to inquire into the conduct of the Irish government relative to the insurrection of the 23d of July , and the previous conduct of that government , as far as relates to the said insurrection . '' —Sir ; if I rightly understand the hon . baronet , he has founded his motion for this inquiry upon the supposed criminal neglect or incapacity of the Irish government in regard to the insurrection of the 23d of July . The hon . bart . began his observations with one which does not possess that accuracy , which , I have no doubt , the ; hon . bart . intended . He assumed in the beginning of his speech , that it had been conceded that blame attached to some part of the Irish government either civil or military , and that , therefore , this motion was necessary to ascertain to which the blame actually belonged . If any such concession has been made , I should consider that event as being by far too important to justify me in opposing the inquiry . But no such concession was ever made by his Majesty 's ministers from the first moment the affair was ever mentioned ; the language of ministers was uniformly this , that in their judgment no blame whatever attached 10 the persons in the government in Ireland , whether civil or military . The facts connected with that transaction , are now sufficiently notorious to enable parliament to judge whether or not an inquiry be necessary.—I shall now shortly examine the grounds upon which I consider this inquiry as necessary or expedient ; and if I shall be able to satisfy the house , that there is no ground to attribute blame to any character civil or military , I shall I hope satisfy them , that there is no ground for the present inquiry . I am perfectly aware , that those who are closely connected with the persons who form a part of the government of Ireland , either civil or military , may be anxious far an inquiry . Had the hon . bart .