Now , gent , must plainly perceive , that these words in the postscript related solely to the defensive measures that were adopted in the Phoenix Park.—I have now made a plain and correct statement , of the different circumstances relative to the late insurrection in Dublin . I have no personal reason whatsoever to induce me to oppose this motion , and shall leave it to the House to judge , whether or not there is any foundation for blame against the Irish Government . —Sir ; I should have contented myself with offering but a very few arguments in favour of the motion of the horn bart. , but some of the remarks of the right hon . gent , who has just sat down will compel me to go a little more into detail than I intended , and to preface what I intend to say , with a few preliminary observations . In some respects the right hon . gent , and myself are plated is similar situations . He has the same feelings towards one of the parties , whose name his been so often mentioned in this discussion , as I have for the other . There is another * point of similarity in regard to our wishes on the subject of this inquiry , in which , indeed , he gees beyond me : he says that lord Hard- 779 wicke is desirous to have his conduct canvassed . My hon . relation does not go quite so far : he only has no objection to the inquiry . The right hon . gent , says , he will not oppose the inquiry : here indeed I go beyond him , for I will vole for the inquiry . He may be , and no doubt is , a much better member of Parliament , and a much better statesman ; but in promoting this inquiry , I consider myself the better brother of the two . It is true , however , that when the right hon . gentleman said , that personally he would not oppose the inquiry , he took care immediately to correct himself , well aware , probably of the influence which such a declaration from him might have on many in this House ; and while he avowed a wish for inquiry himself , he seemed anxious to shew , that to others who were in a less delicate situation , no parliamentary ground li3d been stated for the motion . And here I feel myself obliged to state that kind of complaint which I have frequently been under the necessity of making , against the practice of men in office resisting an inquiry , by employing arguments , founded on partial extracts from papers and documents , not in the possession or perhaps within the reach of other members . Such partial extracts generally contain only what is in favour of the ministerial argument , while every thing of a contrary tendency , or which could explain the parts that are insisted upon , are altogether withheld . The justice of this complaint of mine , receives a most forcible illustration from the example of this night . Respecting the anxious wish of exciting no alarm , so often ascribed to the lord lieut. , the right hon . gent , says , `` How do I know , as a member of Parliament , that so much stress bag been laid by the lord lieut . on giving no alarm ? '' To this I say , that however ignorant he may be as a member of Parliament , he can not be ignorant of the fact , that , on this point , no more stress has been laid than the documents fully justify . I take upon me to say , that as an individual do know that the cord lieut . must have been exceedingly anxious on this head ; for though out the correspondence , of which the right hon . gent , has read us what he thought useful for himself , the sentiments occur over and over again .