on the motion of Mr. Addington , that after the word `` misbehaviour '' in the original clause , the words `` or other sufficient reasons '' should be inserted , a long and desultory conversation took place , in which Mr. Fox , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Bragge , Mr. Rose , Mr. Geary , General Tarleton , Mr. Sec . Yorke and others were successively engaged . concluded from what he had heard , that it would not be agreeable JO give the commanding officer of volunteer corps an unlimited power . But a court of inquiry he thought , to which appeals might 728 be made , would be attended with advantages . He rather wished the clause to stand as it was , with the amendment only proposed by his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , in order that it might be farther considered between this and the report . wished to know what the words proposed as an amendment meant , or who was to judge of the sufficiency or insufficiency of the reasons that might be assigned . If you wish to give the commanding officer , said the hon . gent. , an unlimited power , say so at once . Let us have , no more disputes with the volunteers . Let us be no longer under the necessity of consulting the opinions of the Attorney General in order to ascertain what line of conduct we shall adopt with the volunteers . It you wish them to be under the control of their commanding officers , and to be dismissed at their discretion , why are you afraid to tell them so ; or I if the contrary is your wish , why not define in intelligible terms , the powers you wish to repose in their commanding officers ? thought , that too I much had been already conceded . The measure which the clause proposed , instead of being a fraud , as the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Fox ) had alleged , was an instance of the good faith which government was anxious to keep with the volunteers . The commanding officer , it was true , was not required to state his precise grounds ; but at the same time he could not discharge any man without assigning some grounds which might be afterwards a subject of complaint , if the person discharged found himself agrieved . He thought the clause with the amendment ought to stand as at present , as the persons who might think themselves aggrieved had the power to complain . thought that such a system would lead to perpetual litigation , as actions might be brought in such cases for pecuniary losses . was in favour of the commanding officer being obliged to assign the specific reasons that might lead him to dismiss any man . thought that the clause with the amendment proceded upon a principle that was not military , and inveighed at considerable length against that mixed and indeterminate system which seemed to be too much countenanced by the spirit of the bill . He wished ministers to go to the extent either of the one system or the other . upon the question being again put , moved that the whole clause be rejected but the first two lines . deprecated the idea of dividing the House on a question of his nature . He hoped the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) would not insist on a division , as the question was of so delicate , and , in some respects , intricate a nature . For his own part , he was not ashamed , after all that had been said by the learned gent . ( Dr. Laurence ) , to express his doubts on a question which he had never viewed so nearly as to be able to judge of its effects . He thought it , therefore , the duty of the House not to come to any discussion at present , but to avail themselves of the interval between this