then fall peculiarly heavy on the maritime counties , where the volunteers would be most frequently required to march to the coast , and therefore he thought they ought to be paid out of the general fund . This was a subject on which he really felt much anxiety , and therefore the House , he hoped , would excuse him for occupying their time . With regard to the state of defence of that part of the coast with which he was acquainted , it was not his wish to make any observations which could convey any information to the enemy . Indeed it was not in his power , because he was sure they were as well acquainted with the state of the coast as we were . They knew lh3t many parts of it were unprotected . It was not a great many weeks ago ( and the circumstance was known to one of his Majesty 's ministers , who was not far from the place at the time ) , that , a spy actually took a boat and went over to France , with two recruits for the enemy . He was happy to say , however , that measures had since been taken to prevent this . With regard to the volunteer force in general , he was perfectly convinced , that it would turn out completely efficient , —Upon this subject , he totally differed from a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Windham ) . He did not speak upon his own judgment , because he would never give an opinion upon a subject upon which he was incompetent to form one correctly , but he spoke from what he had heard from every officer with whom he had conversed , particularly the reviewing generals—From them he had never heard but one opinion , and that was , that they would do their duty as well as any regular troops.— 272 Nothing certainly could be more desirable than to take every opportunity of bringing small volunteer corps together , so as to act in batallion , and this he was convinced would not be so difficult as many gentlemen imagined—He saw very lately 1,400 men assembled , many of whom had marched 13 or 14 miles ; they went through their evolutions , and marched back again without a single murmur , though the weather was uncommonly severe—He therefore hoped that every means would be used to bring them as often as possible into batallion . He was perfectly convinced that they would not give way even in line before any troops to which they might be opposed . The only apprehension he entertained was that if they were brought into action , they would be impetuous . If history was looked into , innumerable instances would be found where troops not so well disciplined or instructed had stood firm and defeated veteran troops . But even if they could not stand in line they would be of most important use as light troops and as rifle men . A friend of his who had seen a great deal of service , particularly in Holland and Egypt , declared , that during these campaigns he had not seen the French above twice in line . It was known that a great part of their troops consisted of tirailleurs , who were not used in line but as light troops . The hon . officer who spoke last had alluded to the possibility of the enemy effecting a landing . He by no means agreed with those who thought it was impossible for the French to escape our blockading squadrons . He believed it was impossible for any officer , however vigilant or skilful , so completely to block up any port , as that it should be absolutely impracticable for the enemy by any . accident to effect their escape . But if the enemy should escape , he begged the House to consider what a line of defence we had upon our own coasts . He had heard with great satisfaction that we bad no less than 800 armed vessels employed