patriotism , that made them rush forward in the service ( c ) f their country . This was-nothing more than was ? due to them from him as a member of administration , and , unless he was much received , would be paid to them by that country which they were enrolled to serve . Having paid this small and well-deserved tribute to the volunteers , he could not help saying he concurred entirely in the sentiments expressed by the learned gent . ( Mr. Giles ) on the other side of the House . He was confident that no man in the House , or in the country , would be-less disposed to countenance a breach of good faith in any case than his right hon . friend ( Mr . Yorke . ) The truth was , that in this ease he did not depart from good faith , for although five days were sufficient to entitle ? volunteers to exemption from the militia , and 24 from the army of reserve , yet that was the regulation in time of peace , and he proposed that the attendance should be greater now in time of war . It was not proposed , however , that 6be alteration should begin to operate until the month of May 329 next ; and even then no volunteer would be bound by it , for then every volunteer would have the option whether he would continue as a volunteer or not ; and it was for the House to consider , whether it was worth while to make this proposition for the sake of changing the number of days of attendance from five to twenty-four days . He owned he thought that the improvement that this was likely to introduce into discipline would be worth the experiment , and that the more especially when he reflected that volunteers now by their own consent met a greater number of days than were here proposed . But what he rose chiefly for was , to claim on behalf of all the volunteers of this country every credit that was due to their zeal , patriotism , and independence , and that there was no invidious distinction to be made between them . The House would determine whether this difference of time was to be adopted . said , that the learned gent . ( Mr. Giles ) referred in so particular a manner to what he had said , that he was under the necessity of saying a few words in his own vindication . The learned gent , had imputed to him a mischievous speech now , said Mr. Rose , whether my speech or the speech of the learned gent , was most likely to produce mischief , I leave to the Committee to determine ; and I trust I may leave that matter safely there . He seemed to insinuate that my speech was against the volunteers . There is not one man in this country more a friend from his heart to the volunteers of it than myself . There is no spot near or in the neighbourhood of my house in which there dwells one man who is not a volunteer . Two corps in my neighbourhood are commanded by relations of my own , and a third corps is raised by myself : —I therefore leave it , on these facts , to the Committee to judge whether I am against the volunteer system . `` What I meant was to have them as perfect in their discipline , so as to render them as efficient as possible , not through the medium of a breach of good faith , for that I am as much an enemy to as the learned gent and upon that subject the right hon . gent , has removed every shadow of difficulty , by saying , that if the alteration should take place , such volunteers who disapprove of it shall be at liberty to withdraw . Having quoted the provision of the statute of the last session of Parliament upon this subject , the right hon .