as in other instances , the Sovereign would not act but by advice , nothing was really proved in these cases but the protection and favour of the minister , which might evince the political power of the party , but neither was , nor pretended to be , an evidence of any thing else . Jet it not be said , therefore , that those who reduced 'he value of military distinctions , took from officers , and from the army , nothing but what they ought to part with , with indifference . If this were so , every title order , medal , decoration of whatever sort , was a mere toy and plaything , which none but trifling minds could value , and which might be dispensed from henceforth to whoever would take it , without the least regret on the part of those , by whom , till then , it had been enjoyed—Whether the loss of this distinction had excited any regret on the part of the army , was more than he could pretend to say . Very possibly it bad not ; though the effects in time would not be the less felt . But that the distinction was in fact lost , could be no longer matter of dispute . A witty lady of the last age , the mother of a venerable marquis equally distinguished for his talents , was reported to have said , upon some great creation of peers , that she was afraid to spit out of her window , lest what fell at the moment should happen to light upon a peer . A similar apprehension might be felt in the present circumstances respecting officers . There could not be a company assembled of half a dozen persons , in which , the chance was not , that one of the number was an officer . He himself was a captain : it was probable , that before long he should be a colonel . When such was the facility of creating officers , the numbers could not fail to be considerable , He would net revert again to the feelings of those , ( if they happened to have any care upon the subject ) who having embraced the army as a profession , and served in every quarter of the world , should find themselves suddenly lost in a could of officers , who had never seen , or were likely to see a day 's service , and who , like himself , had nothing military but the name.—These were some of the objections to the volunteer system , as it respected the army . But its effects on the community at large were far from inconsiderable . It was attended with great expense : it created much individual embarrassment ; it mixed in a manner 289 by no means desirable , the several ranks and Orders of society : it disturbed , to a degree highly incommodious , many of the functions of common life ; and would do so yet further , if the plan was pursued of giving to these corps a still more regular consistency . He would not pursue these topics severally and in detail : but to one he could not but I advert , as it was connected more immediately with the suggestions which had been made that night . It was a great mistake to suppose that in withdrawing men from their avocations and employments it was easier and better to take the labour of many partially , than of a few altogether . The contrary was in general the fact . Men removed altogether were replaced by others , who filled up the void which they had left ; and society after a while went on as usual . A man who enlisted , was like a man dead . It was rare that his place remained long unoccupied ; that the opening made was not soon closed . But not so with the man , whose employment was only suspended , who was to be called away for awhile , as in the