attempt made to interrupt it , than in the instance I allude to . It seemed to be the drift of my hon . friend 's remarks , that no officer below the rank of a lieut . gen. should presume to state his opinion in this House upon any military topic connected with the defence of the country . But how different is this from the conduct pursued by my hon . friend on a former occasion I remember when he undertook to censure , and very freely too , the proceedings of officers superior to him , I will not say in abilities , but very much so in rank ; when he was only a major , he commented , and with some severity , upon Generals Meadows , Musgrave and others , and my hon . friend exposed himself in so doing to some severe adimad-versions , against which I defended him . I hope , therefore , that he will not be surprised 614 if , acting upon the same principle which influenced my conduct with regard to himself , I now take up the defence of the hon . officer who has been this night the object of his attack . If , indeed , the opinions advanced by my hon . friend were pushed to the extent which he appears to wish , it would go to this , that no officer who is a member of this House , however high his reputation , ( and surely no man will question the reputation and military talents of the hon . officer to whom my hon . friend has alluded , ) should presume to give his opinion upon military subjects to a superior , officer . I understand it has been said , that such subjects should not be discussed at all in this House , but that the matter should be entitely left to the consideration of officers of experience To this opinion , however , I never will subscribe ; but even if true , who , I would be glad to know , has a stronger claim to attention on the score of I experience than the hon officer I refer to ; and . yet my hon . friend would restrain him , and . why ? not least his opinions should clash with those of other officers of high rank and authority , but because the matter ought , in my hon . friend 's judgment , be left entirely to the consideration of such persons ; but yet my hon . friend does not venture to say that the points alluded to by the hon . officer , have been , or will he considered by the high officers , for whose monopoly , not only of military power , but of military I knowledge and attention , he seems to be so very anxious . My hon . friend does not . know , however , , that their attention extends to all the topics alluded to by the hon . officer , and still he would wish him to be silent upon those rno3t important points , not because he actually differs with the high officers , for whom my hon . friend feels such reverence , but least he should differ from them on some things which they may hereafter think proper to consider . This was not the only opposition which the hon . officer experienced from my hon friend ; for , after condemning the general principle of the hon . officers ' at all entering into the discussion , my hot ) , friend endeavoured to combat the detail of his speech.—a speech for which the House is highly indebted to him , —a speech containing mote professional information , than any speech perhaps ; hat I ever heard in this House , and conveyed in a manner so perspicuous as to be more intelligible to men unacquainted with military tactics , than military essays generally are.—The first part of ray hon . friend 's objections applied to the argument so often used against the volunteer system , on the