was , that if a corps of infantry was accepted as such , without any explanation as to the mode of arming , that it must be considered that such a corps was to bearmed in the regular way with muskets , and that it could not be otherwise denominated `` properly armed and equipped . '' thought that some distinction ought to be made with respect to 323 exemptions , between those volunteers who so honorably came forward in the first instance , impelled merely by their zeal and their patriotism , and those who enrolled themselves after the passing of the act for making a general array . By that act , if three-fourths of the first class in any district came forward , the district was exonerated from the compulsory clauses ; these persons therefore only commuted one service for another , and therefore , in his opinion , were less entitled to exemptions from the militia and the army of reserve . This description of volunteers included a great part of the peasantry of the country , who might be induced to enter into the army , whilst he former description of volunteers were wholly of a different class . This subject , he thought , deserved serious consideration , and he should press it upon the House after the recess . observed , that it there were any case in which the lord lieut . of any county adopted a mode by which some individuals would be released , and the burthen of a ballot would be flung upon others , it was one that was not authorized either by the legislature or the government of the country . Particular cases might admit of some partial modification ; but these could only extend to things which were not in themselves of material import . What he understood by persons being duly armed was that their service should have been tendered to and accepted of by government , and that arms should have been delivered to them in consequence . As to the strict meaning of a soldier being duty armed , that was a question more for a soldier than a lawyer to determine . According as he conceived the meaning of the law , it was requisite that , to obtain exemption from the militia service , a man should have been disciplined in the use of arms on rive distinct or separate days at least , and to gain an exclusion from the ballot under the army of reserve act , it was necessary that he should be at least twenty-four days in training to military exercise ; that is , that a man should be drilled for such a number of times on so many separate days without specifying any particular number of hours in each day , or supposing by any means that ho was to be kept the entire of each day at exercise . Government , it appeared to him , would have a right to exercise their own discretion as to the number or the particular species of arms which they should issue . explained , that , with respect to the issuing of pikes , it had been originally considered as a sort of temporary 324 armament , until a sufficient number of muskets were in readiness to be issued : however , they had afterwards become mote generally adopted . stated that he differed materially from the right hon . and learned gent . who spoke last but one ( the Attorney General ) , and that that rt . hon . gent , also differed materially from himself on a former occasion , when stating his opinion on the subject which was now under discussion . Pikes were said to have been originally brought into use only as a temporary sort of armament , till others were procured j therefore any deviation from that must be irregular . As to the other case , namely , where 25 stand of arms only were issued for 100 men , the commandant would then by law , that is , if he acted according to the strict