, then I say , that it is impossible that the exemptions should not have interfered with their operation . If the balloted men do not serve , then the manner in which the ballots produce men is , that people enlist for the bounty rather than run the risk of being drawn and obliged to serve for nothing ; and in proportion as the volunteer corps do contain men of that description that enter the army or militia , the exemptions must necessarily produce this effect at least , that you have fewer men disposed to take the bounty for the sake of avoiding the ballot . But even admitting , for the sake of argument , that the exemptions do not in any way diminish the number of recruits , is it nothing that you throw the whole weight of the ballots ( which the advocates for exemptions describe as being merely a pecuniary tax ) upon that class of men least capable of 968 bearing it ? Are we to consider it as nothing in point of humanity , that the necessities of the poorest class of the community are thus encreased by the exemptions granted to men who , generally speaking , are in more affluent circumstances ? Are we to consider it as nothing in point of policy , that the great mass of the nation are disgusted , and feel themselves oppressed by our adopting a system of taxation the most opposite to every principle of justice ? And let it be observed , too , that amongst the people thus disgusted , are ( as I said before ) three-fourths of those whom you ought to be the most desirous of having under arms ( I mean the first class ) , but whom the exemptions prevent your being able to admit into your ranks : for it is impossible to have some volunteers with exemptions and others without them ; and so long as the ballots exist , you can not think of exempting from their operation the whole of the men most fit to serve . You must , therefore , abolish either the exemptions or the ballots ' ; for until you do either the one or the other , you can not arm the flower of the population , that is to say , you can not have what I and others have called an armed peasantry.—And here , Sir , I must remark , that when on a former occasion I recommended a force of this description , and at the same time censured the measures of his Majesty 's ministers , I and other gentlemen who agreed with me , were greatly misunderstood ; and with respect to myself , I may say , that I was not very fairly treated . In the first place , it was said on that occasion , that I appeared to be more disposed to describe and dwell upon the prowess of the French army than of our own . Now , I will appeal to every man who heard me , whether it was possible to express greater admiration of the English army than I did ? I said , in as strong terms as I could use , that it contains the essence of every thing that is excellent ; and that if you would but give it men enough , it would be as good an army as any in the universe . I said this , and I sincerely think it ; but I am not so blinded by natural prejudices as to believe that there is no other good one . I believe the French army to be excellent also : its qualities are different from ours ; in some respects it is inferior , in others superior ; but take it all in all , I do not believe that there is a better army in Europe than the French : and I never will follow the example of those gent . who seem 969 to think that in order to encourage our volunteers , you must persuade them that they have only to