, and to be printed . observed , that it would not be necessary for him to take up the time of the Committee , by going at large into the exposition of the bill before it , which he had fully explained on Saturday . The object he had now in view was merely to explain the points which it had been found necessary to introduce into it , in order to remove some doubts which existed respecting the former acts . Doubts had been entertained respecting the exemptions which volunteers claimed , and in many instances the commandants of corps had omitted , from their not being acquainted with the provisions of former acts , to make the returns before the day specified in those acts , namely , the 21st of September , on or before which the return should have been made to entitle the individual to exemption . There could be no question as to the Reserve , because three periods of the year were specified for making the returns , and if they should not be made before the 21st of September , they might in January . This first clause , therefore , was intended to enable commandants of corps to make returns at any time after the passing of the act , to make returns , and to legalize such as had keen made since the 21st of September , each of which was to exempt the individual from the ballot for the militia , as well as for the reserve . This clause was also to enable commandants of corps to make special returns , where the individuals had conformed to the provisions of the act . It had , in many instances , been found utterly impossible to issue the quantity of arms necessary for the use of the volunteers , and as the terms of the act required that the returns should be made of men fully armed , equipped , and accoutred , the commandants had a difficulty of making the returns where the arms had not been issued . But if the individuals had attended with pikes for the purpose they would , in his opinion , be entitled to be returned as properly armed . In every instance also , where the quantity of arms proposed under the act , to be issued by government , which was one quarter of the number in the inland counties , and one half in the maritime , bad been delivered , be considered the members of the corps as entitled to the return , if they attended the regular number of days at exercise . The second clause , therefore , would authorise the colonels of corps to make such special returns , where the members had attended the full number of days at drill , muster , and exercise , for the purpose of being 321 trained , even though the arms should not have been issued . The second part of the bill related to the establishment of uniformity is a regulations respecting the exemptions . By the first Volunteer Act only one period was fixed for making the return , namely , the 25th of March , and five days attendance previous to that was required to entitle to the exemption from the militia ballot . By the second , three periods were fixed for mating returns , the 1st of January , the 1st of May , and the 1st of September , and in each four months previous to each date , four days attendance was necessary for the cavalry , and eight for the infantry , to give a claim to the exemption . From the present situation of the country , it would be perceived that the nature of the voluntary services under the former act would not be effectual , and , therefore , he proposed that the same number of days should be necessary to entitle to an exemption , as well from the militia as from the army of reserve , and that it should not be less than twenty-five . He had stated the object of the