Ireland and this country , as against the former , and he now meant to perform his promise : and when the House should consider that the rate of exchange at this moment , between Dublin and London , was no less than 18₽ per cent , being 10 per cent , above the ordinary rate , which is 8 13d per centum , he trusted it was a circumstance sufficiently important to induce the House to take the subject into its mature consideration . The House would have , he was sure , the goodness to reflect , that Ireland was now consolidated with England , in all respects , and bore her quota in the public burthens of the empire ; yet her intercourse with this country stood charged with this most severe and oppressive burthen , while the intercourse between the capital and Scotland , and all other parts of the kingdom much more distant from the imperial capital than Dublin , were charged with no such imposts at all . The burthen was not merely confined to the commercial intercourse between the countries , but extended itself to the Irish subject , who came here either to attend his parliamentary duty , or in search of justice to the dernier resort—a grievance attaching upon no other subject from any part of the empire . The evil must flow from some causes which pressingly called for investigation He did not mean now to go at large into the subject , but merely to touch upon the general topics to which the evil had been attributed . Amongst others , the balance of trade had been a cause assigned . That , he would admit , was certainly one of the obvious causes ; for , during a space of twenty years previous to 1800 , the balance of exports , between Ireland and this country , was upon an average , in favour of the 650 former , by above a million a year . In that year , a considerable change took place , by which the balance changed two millions against Ireland . In the next year it was l,000,000l ; in the next above a million ; and has so continued , and is likely still to continue increasing every year.—Another of the causes , and a still more prominent one , which he had taken the liberty of stating a few nights since , was the annual remittances to this country of l,300,000l . to pay the interests of loans , borrowed in this country , for the use of the Irish government ; and the remittances of rent to Irish absentee landlords , which by many had been confidently stated at three millions , but which , be believed , would be more correctly estimated at two millions . The only account to balance this , was the remittance of two millions annually , to defray the expenses of government in Ireland , which left a balance against that country of 1,300 000l . in an arrangement upon this head , it would be of importance to know well the value of bullion in exchange between any two nations , because this must always materially affect the rate of exchange between them . Now in Ireland , at this moment , and for a considerable time past , the price of guineas , in exchange for their current value in paper , is 2s . 4d . to 2s 6d . per guinea , which was actually paid by some gentlemen of his acquaintance , for remittance to this country . Such a state of the difference between bank paper and bullion , in the capital of Ireland , was a lamentable instance of the difference of exchange , and urgently pointed to the necessity of investigation , in order , if possible , to devise some remedy . Various causes had been assigned for the evil , but they were all reduceable to one , namely , the restriction upon the payment in specie by the Bank . Add to this , an effect which arose out of it ; namely