receive pay for the additional four days , now about to ; be proposed , without some allowance . Here , Sir , for the present , I shall leave the subject , recommending the whole of it to the most serious consideration of his Majesty 's government . remarked on the conduct of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) who had gone before him , who , having begun by professing this agreement with the proposal made by the right hon . secretary , that there should be no discussion that night , had immediately proceeded to take a part in direct opposition to the agreement thus professed.—This , as usual , had led to further deviations , till , step by step , the debate had proceeded , not only into the details of the mea-sue , but in to questions of the constitution of particular corps.—His purpose in rising , was to call to the recollection of the House , the proposal which he had just alluded to , to which he meant to adhere himself , and ; which he conceived the I louse would think it , upon the whole , most advisable to adopt.—It was not that in opening the present business , the right hon . secretary had not gone into a variety of topics , which he should be ; very glad to remark upon , and which he could not possibly pass over in silence , were silence to be construed as acquiescence . He begged to have , it distinctly understood , that he was silent for the reasons only that he had given ; namely , that he concurred in the recommendation of the hon . mover , and would reserve what he had to say to subsequent stages of the proceeding . Some of the topics of the right hon . gentleman were to Le sure , of a sort on which it did not seem that there was much to be said . When the right hon . gentleman laid down his laws of debating , having in view , he supposed , the well-known laws of philosophising , and declared that they were to proceed without heat , to abstain from every thing with , to consider every thing with coolness and impartiality , & c. & c , ; and when , in like manner , he talked of those , who were enemies to the volunteers only because they were at the same time enemies to the constitution in church and state , he was at a loss to know what to say , because he did not very well know , what the observations meant , nor against whom they were intended to point . His history of the volunteer system , with its descent and progress from the time of the last administration to the present day , inasmuch , as it was a mere history , and , he supposed , a correct one , was as little a subject on which he had any thing to remark . As to the legal discussions , he should cer- 451 tainly abstain from them , not only for the general reason already given , but because it would be ungenerous to attack the right hon . gent. , where he seemed already to have so many enemies upon his hands ; the whole of his speech in that part being a sort of conflict with three powerful antagonists , viz . the Law Officers of the Crown , the Court of King 's Bench , and his own bill : with all of whom he w=s keeping up a kind of running fight , much like that which gentlemen might have read in the last gazette , though not so glorious he feared , nor likely to terminate quite so successfully.—The defects which the right hon . gent dwelt upon , and which he described as inherent in the system , and incapable of being cured , were urged , be presumed , for the purpose of reconciling those by whom the system had been originally opposed—These topics ,