, sue is the depth of water . This , therefore , is the description of force upon which I would place my confidence , cither for attack or defence . As to the former , who can entertain a doubt that , if the French gun-boats should venture out , and the slightest breeze should arise , that Capt . Markham , whom I mention not as a member of Parliament , for that I know would be irregular , but as a naval officer , that Sir Ed . Peilew , Sir V. Trowbridge , or in fact , any officer known in our naval records , would not , with a single 74 shoot through and sink a crowd of that contemptible craft.—With respect to the number of seamen and marines now employed , it has been staled by the right hon . gent , on the Treasury Bench , that there were 98.000 , which is only 2000 short of the . whole amount voted ; but the hon . gent . who spoke last is still dissatisfied . Fie says , that there ought to be more men . He does not seem to recollect , that the vote of the House limitted the Admiralty ; and that it was at the time that vote was made the hon . gents objections would be most timely and proper . That was the period to consider the amount of the force necessary to maintain the war . The Admiralty had thought 100,000 men sufficient , and it appeared that they were right , notwithstanding the hon . gents disapprobation . They had , and it was not the least of their merit , collected this vast force in the space of 12 months , notwithstanding the number of our other descriptions of force , and without interrupting the active employment of our population , in the various avocations of commerce , manufactures and agriculture . To the observations of the right hon . gent. , on the propriety of building ships in merchants ' dock yards , I trust enough has been said by the hon . bart . ( Sir Ed . Pellew ) , at whose presence this night the House has reason to 904 rejoice , to convince the right hon . gent , of his error , and also to shew him that his partiality to gun-boats is not quite so judicious as he imagined After what the hon . bart . has urged on this point , I should hope the right hon . gent , will no longer attempt to maintain his argument , unless he be influenced by such magnanimity , that he would not wish to oppose the French gun-boats by any but their own matches . I have heard a right hon . gent , on the lower bench ( Mr. Windham ) often deplore that `` the age of chivalry was gone ; '' but surely that complaint can no longer be repeated , if the right hon . mover of the proposition before the House shall continue to manifest a wish rather to oppose gun-boats to those of the French , than to see a crowd of them run down by an English 74 . This would be something like the feeling which I am sure would influence the right hon . gent , on the lower bench , if , in passing through the street , he should happen to see two men engaged of unequal size and strength . The right hon . gent , would immediately interest himself for the weaker party , and call into action that science for which he is so distinguished , to release , and perhaps to avenge him .. —To be serious : it is absurd to say , I that we should at once give up that formidable description of naval force , in which we have always found our strength and our glory , and take up another which is condemned , not merely by the experience to which I have already referred , but by the judgment of the most respectable naval officers