propriety of this clause , on the ground which had been stated by his 835 learned friend , the Attorney General . He observed , that in the last war , the volunteers were only 150,000 , and yet they answered the purpose for which they were intended ; no one complained of their inefficiency in the course of the last war ; they achieved a great object in the course of their services in Ireland , although they were neither half so numerous , or under any such regulations as they are at present . His main object was , that regulations of the volunteers should be Lift as much as possible to the volunteers themselves ; that Parliament should interfere as little as possible with the internal regulations and management of volunteer corps , and particularly in the system of inflicting penalties , He had no doubt of the efficacy of the system recommended by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) as a permanent system ; but the doubt was , whether there was not some risk in adopting it at the present moment . said , he certainly was willing to hope with the right hon . gent , and to believe , and even to be confident , that there was indeed a very considerable portion of the volunteers of Great Britain , who , in concert with the regular force , would be of great Utility in the contest which we are now to expect ; but he could not disguise from the House , because he could not disguise from himself , that very many of the volunteers were in no degree advanced to that state of discipline in which we could wish to see them , and in which it was indispensably necessary they should he in , before , they could be essentially serviceable to their country , when called out for its defence , and in support its existence . There was an error in the judgement of many gentlemen who had spoken upon the subject of the military discipline of the volunteers of England from the brilliant corps or the metropolis , whereas it was notorious that many corps in the country were it ; nothing like the same state ; many of them had but just received their arms , which under the many difficulties with which we had encounter , was not to be wondered at But from what he himself knew and from the credible information he received from others , from the various fluctuations and uncertainty that were incident to this system there were many of think in a state in which it was impossible to say they were any thing approaching that situation described by the right hon . gent . He did not say that many of the volunteers , who may in the course perhaps of three weeks be put to the proof , and may have to meet wish the veteran troops of France , that they would not acquit themselves with honour in union with 836 troops of the lire , nor that ultimately they would not be successful in the contest for the defence of the country ; that was not the question to be now discussed ; the question now was this : What was the most speedy mode of making the volunteers efficient for the purposes of action , with as little ices of blood as possible ? For that was to us the most interesting part of the subject , and with the care of which that House was entrusted.—As to what has been said of the volunteers of Ireland in the last war , it did not apply to the present case . They had lone ; been called out , and had been on permanent duty for months , and some of them for years , and acquired the qualities of veteran troops , which was not hitherto the case with the present volunteers . He did not say there was any doubt that our volunteers would meet and defeat the veteran troops of France , but the question was ,