He particularly touched upon the fact alluded to by Mr. Calcraft , that some of the offers of service were made four months ago , which he considered as an argument in favour of postponing the discussion ; and be took occasion to deprecate the practice of suffering military bodies to deliberate.—The question was loudly called for , and the gallery was cleared preparatory to a division . No such proceeding , however took place . The address was carried as originally proposed . stated at the bar that his Majesty had been waited on with the address of that hon . House , and that his Majesty had been pleased to receive it in the most gracious manner.—Sir J. Newport presented a petition from J. Ogle , Esq . complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Ilchester . Ordered to be taken into consideration on the 19th of April.—The Secretary at War brought up the bill for empowering his Majesty to accept of the services of such part of the militia of Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to serve and to be employed in G. Britain . Read a first time.—Mr . Calcraft moved , that an humble address be presented to his Majesty , praying that he would be most graciously pleased to order , that there be laid before the House a list of the regiments of Irish militia which had volunteered the extension of their services , with the names of the officers , and the dates of their respective offers . Ordered.—The Irish Militia Families Bill was read a third time and passed.—The bill for the Augmentation of the Militia of Ireland to an extent and for a time to be limited , was brought up , and read a first time . observed , that there was on the order book a notice of a motion respecting the holders of stock in the Loyalty Loan . He had considered the subject maturely , and no doubt it was a 1099 subject to which the greatest attention ought to be paid . He had , in consequence , taken the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General.—From the opinions which they had given , and their reasoning upon the circumstance of the repayment of the loan , he was now fully convinced in his own mind , that the holders of stock in that loan had no right to demand or expect payment before the 5th of April , 1805. brought up the report of the Committee of supply yesterday , when the compensation was voted to Lord Hood , and the officers and men under his command , for the value of the ships taken at Toulon in the last war.—The report being proposed to be read , observed , that Lord Hood had applied to the Lords of his Majesty 's Privy Council , who seemed to think that his right was established . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , too , had at first spoken of the grant as a matter of right , but , after a little flourish , he thought fit to come round to the liberality of the House . That was certainly a very noble and a generous feeling ; but in such times as the present , when the country had such taxes and other burdens upon its shoulders , he did not think that it would be right in members to vote away the money of their constituents upon claims of liberality only . It would not even be justice to themselves , who must in consequence bear a part of the expence , however it might suit gent , who had other advantages besides their fortunes to look to . He then moved , that the report be taken into consideration on Monday se'en-night , in order that there might be a more full attendance , and that members might have an opportunity of considering the subject more minutely . asserted that all prizes were the right of the Crown , and not of the public ; and the claimants coming with that support , had a just demand