of precedents , which , even if they did exist , could prove nothing against a direct enactment of the legislature . But , with respect to precedents , he really could not conceive that , in the short interval of sixteen years since the passing of the act of the 28th of his Majesty , such precedents could be found , or attempted to be urged on the present occasion . Admitting , however , that they exist , it would be monstrous and absurd to urge them as reasons for contravening a law drawn up in clear , intelligible , incontrovertible terms . To limit the jurisdiction of a court , and to direct the mode in which its future proceedings were to be regulated , might be wise , under particular circumstances . After these regulations were formed , however , they must be obligatory . It was needless for him to impress on the House the absurdity of first forming rules for the direction of a particular court , and then suffering the decisions of that court to go directly in the face of the previous rules for the conduct of its proceedings . In this case the original act was rendered totally ridiculous , and the decisions of a court defeated the regulation which was meant to prevent its irregularities or errors . The clause in the act on which he rested his motion , was one so couched , as , in his mind , to remove all possibility of doubt , ft struck him as being one of the most simple and conclusive in the Statute Book . In the clause of the act it was distinctly declared , that the House were not to admit to the consideration of a Committee , a petition in the body of which it was not stated , on behalf of those who signed it , that they had a right , at the time of the election , to vote as unexceptionable freeholders . Now , in this case , the persons signing the petition in question had done no such thing . If they had even claimed their right indirectly , there might have been some room for consider ration , how far the petition could , consistently with the law of Parliament , be received . But here there was nothing actually alleged , which could at all authorize the House in receiving the petition . It was , forsooth , signed by free holders He did not mean to 391 deny , that those who signed the petition were freeholders , or that they might not have bad a right to vote . But why had they pot stared this in their petition ? He himself was a freeholder of Middlesex at the time of the election , but under circumstances which prevented him from exercising his elective franchise . Many others , he believed , were in a similar situation ; and how then was the House to presume , that those who signed the petition were not in the same circumstances , since they had not themselves produced any proofs of their qualification at the time of the election ? There were many persons freeholders now , who were not entitled to vote when the election took place . It was the simplest process in the world for the petitioners to have declared , in the body of the presume , their right of voting , if they did at the time of the election possess it ; but it was too much to call on the House to presume their right , in express contempt of an act of parliament . A freehold property of forty shillings a year was what the law required as a qualification to vote for a county member ; but , in the first instance , the House had nothing whatever to do with this qualification , when a petition was first laid on their table . He would , in illustration of his opinion , put a strong case , which , in proportion as it was strong , would more clearly illustrate