It was an evil to the termination of which there was held out no reasonable prospect . It had , in the first instance , been introduced during the continuance of a war , but he could not admit , as a matter of course , that war was in itself any justification for so dangerous an expedient . We had seen it renewed during peace , and now that , unfortunately , the country was again plunged in war , there was as little hope as ever of its being abandoned . The consequence of these repeated renewals of the measure of restriction had been , that the paper currency of Ireland had increased to a most alarming extent , and the evils attendant on this increase had been manifested in a proportionate degree . There evils he had long reckoned great , but the farther lie extended his researches , the more was he convinced , that they were greater than he had , in the first instance , conceived . He needed not rest any assertions on the subject of a too widely circulated paper currency on his own authority . The doctrines of Adam Smith on this point were clear and explicit , and such an authority could not be lightly regarded . Depreciation was the necessary and constant result of such extensive circulation of paper . At the lime the Bank of Ireland Restriction Bill passed the Irish House of Commons , the amount of bank notes issued was 600,000l. , and at this moment he found that their amount was not less than 2,700.000l . Thus there was , by the measure of restriction , an increase to the amount of two millions . On the other hand , what was the proportion of the gold coin to be balanced against this quantity of paper money ? When he allowed it to be about a million , he was sure that he went as far as any hon . member could desire . In stating its amount in this manner , he rather overrated it than estimated it below its real extent . At this time the price given fat gold coin in Ireland was considerably higher than ? the standard price of bullion . Gold coin rose in price exactly in proportion as paper currency was depreciated in value . Betwixt Dublin and Belfast , though there was not a distance of more than a hundred miles , there was a difference of exchange to the amount of ten per cent . Hut the Heel of the depreciation of money 476 was felt still more strongly on the rate of exchange betwixt this country and Ireland . For a number of years , the rate of exchange betwixt London and Dublin had fluctuated from 8 or 9 to 16 per cent , to the disadvantage of Ireland . But now the loss was far more considerable . It was as high as 17 , 18 and even 19 percent . In some , instances it was not less than 20 ; and thus an Irish gentleman who came to attend his duty in Parliament , found , at the end of his journey , where he had allotted 500l . for his expenses , that 400l . only were really to be received . This was a view of the subject which could not fail to make a very powerful impression , and shewed in the clearest point of view what was the consequence of protracting the measure of restriction . On this point he should have felt himself very happy at receiving any information from the right hon . member who brought forward the motion , as to the probable period when the bill would be discontinued . He would be glad to be . told , under what circumstances it was that the payment in cash were to be resumed . It was not easy to ascertain what was to be the situation of the country when the restriction should be removed . It was evident that the payment of cash would not be resumed without a certain degree of difficulty