Lordship rose and observed , that he should deem it unnecessary to trouble the House on this subject at any length , as it was an affair of a partial nature . When the measure should come in a fall and regular manner before the 1054 House , then would be the time to enter upon the discussion of it . It was now in the contemplation of his Majesty 's ministers to submit to Parliament a measure for the general defence of the United Kingdom , which would comprise several improvements in the militia systems of G. Britain and Ireland . ; and when this was brought forward , the matter would no doubt undergo a thorough investigation , suited to its importance . In the mean time , the House would be pledged for nothing , as the motion which he would now submit to their consideration , was little else than an expression of thanks to his Majesty for his communication . It was , however , impossible for him to withhold his tribute of applause from the noble , spirited , and patriotic offer of those troops , whose conduct had occasioned this message being presented to the House . He was of opinion that it would be of the highest advantage both to G. Britain and Ireland . It was of the utmost consequence that the two countries should , as much us possible , be united in sentiment , in feeling , and in the mutual employment of their means of defence This unity would be prodigiously accelerated by this patriotic conduct of those troops who had extended their services ; and he had no doubt , if occasion should call for it , that the English militia would not be behind hand in spirit and public zeal . But this extension of service would be highly useful in another point of view . It would increase the disposeable force of the empire , and enable us to turn our energies with more effect against the enemy . It would consolidate the strength of the empire , and by that means render its application more easy and formidable . Without troubling the House , at any greater length , only again repeating the high sense he entertained of the spirit of loyalty and patriotism of the troops who had offered to extend their services , he would move , `` That an humble address be presented to his Majesty , expressive of the gratitude of the House for his communication , and stating , that their Lordships would most readily concur in the measures that should be adopted to give effect to the offer which was made . `` —The question being put upon this motion , said , he fully agreed in the tribute of applause that had been paid by the noble Sec . of State to the spirit , loyalty , and patriotism of the troops in question ; but when he concurred 1055 in this tribute of applause , he could not Suffer it to pass without a few remarks , and , among others , that he thought it unsafe and impolitic to encourage that spirit of deliberation among armed bodies , that led to voluntary offers being made . He was far from being insensible to the praiseworthy motives by which these troops were actuated , but he was averse to the principle of deliberation among armed men . He was averse to those measures which tended to impress an idea among the troops , that certain services were more of a voluntary nature , than an exertion of duty . If his Majesty 's ministers thought that the services of the Irish militia were necessary in England , let them propose a measure to that effect . If they thought the services of the English militia necessary in Ireland , their services ought , by act of Parliament , to be extended to that country . This would be the true and manly course of proceeding on the part of ministers ; and in such a case these services , instead of being a favour , would