and by agreement between the Crown and the public had been already provided . said , he should also make a short explanation of what he had said , and that he should do by way of reply to what had been said by the right hon . gent . He had just said , that of forming the consolidated fund of Ireland these heriditary revenues had been given up by his Majesty , by a gracious message , desiring that Parliament might bring them to the public aid , and dispose of them as Parliament should think proper , and that in lieu of them the Crown had a civil list . Now , this agreement could only be binding on the Crown during the existence of the right in his Majesty . His Majesty had only a life interest in these hereditary revenues ; but what was to be the effect of this bill ? It was that of a perpetual disposal of these hereditary revenues of the Crown , not only during his Majesty 's present , but also during every reign to eternity . He would ask , if that was parliamentary ? He would ask , was it constitutional to divest the Crown for ever of its rights , without any consent from the Crown , without even so much as a message from the Crown ? This was a point too clear to enter largely into it , and therefore he should not trespass any longer on the patience of the House . said , he had not had an opportunity of reading this Bill , and he had no means of knowing what it contained : he did not apprehend it would have the effect stated by the right hon . gent . However , if the words in the bill should be found to go further than his tight hon . friend apprehended and had stated , it would be for the House to consider it , when the clause came to be read . The principle of the bill was clear ; but as the interest of the Crown was concerned , it was important to take care that nothing should find its way into it by inadvertency , which might have the effect of disturbing the settlement made between the Crown and Parliament of Ireland , on the hereditary revenues and the civil list , as it took place on the 33d of the King . Now , how did it stand ? The Irish Parliament , after this agreement with the Crown , provided that the duties given up to the Crown should be applied to the use of the public for one year , and continued them from year to year , until they had been made permanent since the union ; for the practice of the Parliament of Ire hind was different from that of England in that respect . His right hon . friend had said , that on public grounds it was expedient that there duties should con- 817 tinue in operation without a fresh arrangement every year ; and this bill was only to reader permanent , duties which were voted away by the Parliament of Ireland annually , since the 33d year of the present reign ; it was a principle acted upon by the Crown ever since ; nor was there the least idea that its operation should continue further than daring the life of the Monarch now on the Throne ; it could not affect the tights of the Crown afterwards . But ( he right hon . gent . who spoke last =aid , that it would be in operation during the succeeding reigns . Now he had not read the bill. , and therefore he could not say what it contained , but if it bad any provision which might so operate , that provision might be altered . The surrender of these duties , by agreement between the Crown and the Parliament was absolute during the life of his present Majesty ; and it was for the Parliament to consider whether the appropriation of them should be permanent