the clause now in discussion in the light in which the learned gent viewed it : he did not see how it could be considered as a breach of faith . This was a remedial bill , to exempt volunteer corps from certain hardships to which they were at present exposed tinder the strict letter of the Jaw . It was not intended by it to do any thing unfavourable to the volunteers . This clause was prospective it was not intended to take place until after the 1st day of May next . But with regard to the exemption of volunteers , it was to take place immediately . The other part would in truth be as if Parliament never made any alteration in the law respecting these volunteers , and the learned gent , insisted en it , that Parliament had no right to make any alteration in the law in this respect ; that he would never admit . The fact was , that it would be in the power of those volunteers to dissolve , who should not like this new regulation ; they might quit the service if they did not approve of it , and did not choose to continue ; the only consequence would then be , that they would have no exemption , but would be subject to be ballotted for the militia , or the army of reserve , and the deficiency which might thus be created in the corps must be filled up out of the classes specified in the defence act : but the alteration proposed , he apprehended , would not have the desired effect , for the number of days of attendance being limited to five , was applicable to a time of peace , whereas the measure must now be adapted to a rime of war . considered the volunteers as divided into two classes . Those ? which came under the regulations of the 42d of the King , and those under the act of the 43d of the King . The first he considered as volunteers superior , in consideration of their offers , to the second ; for the first came forward without any view , expectation , hope , or idea of any exemption whatever . The second , although he did not mean to dispute their spirit , zeal , or patriotism , yet they came forward-volunteers under the idea of a commutation of duty—to be exempt from other military duties that would have been imposed upon them by law , the Army of 328 Reserve , Militia and Defence Act ; fee therefore submitted the propriety of making some distinction between these two classes of volunteers . thought the hon . baronet alluded particularly to the volunteers of the county of Buckingham , who had acted much to their credit , in coming forward as they did without claiming any exemption ; but he could not allow of any distinction between the volunteers of this county , either as to those who entered previous to the war or subsequent to the war . Distinctions between men actuated by such noble motives were invidious . It should not be insinuated , that all the volunteers did not enter from one motive—the glorious one of defending their country , and to preserve its honour . He did therefore beg leave to vindicate the volunteers who entered since this war , as well as those who were in that character before it . Their having become volunteers was purely voluntary ; they had no conception of what they are now emitted to by the Act of Parliament ; it was impossible they should , for the great bulk of them had enteied before that clause in the act had been so much as mentioned , or even hinted at . It was no > motive of commutation of duty OF exemption that induced the volunteers to come forward : no it was a spontaneous burst of genuine zeal in their country 's , cause , unmixed with any thing selfish , uncontaminated with any thing impure ; it was a glowing spirit of