represented by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Sturges ) under the gallery . I to , however , admit , that a violation of faith would in some degree attach to the system ; and that his Majesty 's ministers would be 464 justly liable to inculpation , if , in a service so extensive , so serious , and important , and on which the future salvation of the country depends , they were to attempt to fetter that free agency , which is the life and soul of the volunteer force . With all the respect which entertain for the opinion of my learned friend ( the Attorney General ) , and with all the attention which I am disposed to pay to the opinion of an hon gent , not now in his place , I am not influenced by either in my own . Independent of the opinion of these gentlemen , and independent of the decision of the Court of King 's Bench , I am convinced , that Parliament is bound in good faith to construe the meaning of the acts , with a bona title view to the precise terms of the law , as to the conceptions of the people ; and if the individuals composing the volunteer corps of the kingdom , conceive themselves not to be deprived by the existing laws of their free agency , I consider I that single consideration as binding on Parliament . If , therefore , the judgment of the King 's Bench had coincided with the opinion of mu learned friend ( the Attorney-General ) if the expediency of that opinion were even admitted , yet as a contrary impression does prevail amongst the individuals composing the volunteer corps , I should have thought it my duty to have come forward to advise the House to give the volunteers a new option , by passing an acr , declaring , in express terms , what is generally understood to be the tenor of their original contract ; namely , that every man should be at liberty to resign at any time he should think proper , excepting only when an enemy should be in our country or upon our shores . It is the very essence of this constitution , that the parties should be at full and complete liberty to quit their corps whenever they shall think proper : and , I contend that from the zeal and spirit which has been displayed by the whole country , there is no reason to apprehend that any individual would resign on slight grounds.—Sir , I ask pardon of die enthusiasm with which all classes of the community have come forward , if , for a moment , I have supposed it possible for any to resign except on grounds which left them no alternative ; but , if there should be individuals of that description , sure I am , that they ought to be consigned to infamy , that their names should be execrated , and themselves considered as traitors to the most sacred of causes , and guilty of offering themselves for the defence of every thing dear and valuable on earth , and of abandoning the glorious object in the moment of peril and uncertainty . This , Sir , should be his punish- 465 ment , but the hand of the law should not be extended to coerce them.—As to the committees of volunteer corps , my right hon . friend only proposes to confine them solely to financial affairs , and to see that they have nothing military in their functions.—A right hon . gent , urged early in the discussion , that we were contemplating the probable dissolution of the principal part of the military defence of the country . Let me ask that right hon . gent , what was the state of the country in July last , whether at that period he could have contemplated such a force , and in such a state of discipline as the force now actually existing ? If he could , then the confidence of that right