, and Holland , and that to a greater extent than we were at any period of the last war ; nor were we in any degree deficient in preparation to meet the enemy 's flotilla off Brest Boulogne , or any other port in France . Neither did he think that the opinion of the hon . officer was to be taken in preference to the very grave opinions of others who must have considered maturely the points to which he had called the attention of the House . But one would suppose , by the speech of the hon . officer , there was no other man who understood these matters that he alone was to lay down the law for military matters in this country ; whereas , 607 he ought to remember there were others of greater experience and of much higher rank , than the hon . officer , who advised his Majesty 's ministers upon these important matters . This was particularly the case with respect to the preparations which had been made in a district which that hon . officer alluded to , he meant the entrenchment at Chelmsford ; that was under the super intendance of General Hope , and others who had gained their laurels in Egypt ; besides , if all the measures which the hon . officer had so freely censured were indeed so full of defect as he stated them to be , it might have been desirable that he should have proposed some practicable system that was better.—Neither did he see the propriety of the hon . gentleman 's sentiments respecting our military depots . Having gone over most of the topics of the speech of the hon . member who preceded him , he then addressed himself to the plan mentioned on a former occasion by Mr. Pitt , whose authority he admitted to be very high indeed , which was that of having adjutants from the line for all the volunteer corps ; he admitted that to be extremely desirable , but he apprehended it to be altogether impracticable to any extent that could render it truly useful ; for the truth was , that nothing was more difficult than to find a good adjutant that could be at all spared : he stated some other inconveniences which he apprehended would attend the attempt of carrying this plan into execution , and concluded with assenting heartily to the motion for the Speaker leaving the chair . said , that he could not have had the temerity to have staled some of those sentiments that the hon . general had attributed to him . He did not regard the volunteers as an uselsss body of men . He only thought that the irregular force of the country might have been better and less expensively called forth . The army of reserve he considered as an existing force between the regular and irregular strength of the country , and was of opinion that it should have been more attended to , while the irregular force might have been equally effective in any possible crisis , or perhaps more effective in its own place , by assuming Jess the appearance and attitude of soldiers without the reality . He thought , in fact , that the general mass of the coon try would have been better and more efficaciously employed by bringing into action another system perfectly different from that which had been pursued . He did not mean to say that this effect to which he alluded would have been produced by the difference of the sys 608 tem only , but rather by the greater numbers which the system he had pleaded for would have certainly brought forward . By the armed peasantry , he never meant to hold up to the House a-complete force which could of themselves be efficient , but only the services which a regular army might derive from them , though armed only with pikes , or even weapons of an inferior description . was induced to rise , from the introduction of an extraneous topic into the discussion , on