begin to operate from the present moment , which would continue their operation through all succeeding ones , would be derivable partly front the condition respecting exemptions , which the present bill confirmed , and partly from what was now professed , and what might at all times have been expected , of the course likely to be pursued by the executive government . It was easy to foresee , and it had in fact been foreseen , that those who wished to make the volunteers permanent , and to give them their present shape and character , would adopt a course of proceeding with them , similar to that which had in part been declared.—The first circumstance that presented itself upon this occasion was , the odd idea of making the volunteer system permanent . It was very near a contradiction in terms . Zeal was , in its nature , a very transitory feeling ; and accordingly the hon . gents , when they meant , to prolong a system derived originally from that source , very prudently had recourse to motives more constant in their operation , and less likely to fail , than a mere effusion of zeal and patriotism excited by an opinion of present danger . The permanence of the system was to be entrusted to the good old steady principles of interest and fear , excited by bounties and advantages on the one hand , and penalties on the other . It was whimsical , indeed , to hear those who had vaunted so loudly the disinterestedness of these corps , who had branded as enemies to the volunteers every one who had hinted even a suspicion , that a view to exemptions could have had any influence upon their offers , now stating , that nothing but the hope of exemptions could hold them together , and that they would all fall to pieces the moment this principle 980 of coherence was withdrawn . Let it be remembered always , that this was the language of their friends . He had never said more , than that the prospect of exemptions had been a motive with many ; as with many ; it certainly had not . He could himself vindicate from any share in that , motive , those with whom he had been more immediately connected , as they had been expressly told , that exemptions were what they were by no means to count upon . Testimonies to the same effect had been heard from every part of the House ; and the fact was , indeed , notorious , that a great part of the volunteers , probably much the greater , had offered their services , either not thinking about exemptions , or being distinctly told that they were not to have them * It was curious , therefore , to hear it now stated , and by those who made themselves the peculiar guardians of the character of the volunteers , that exemptions , and exemptions only , would induce them to continue their services . He was inclined to doubt this statement , at least to the extent to which it was urged . It could hardly apply to those who had never had exemptions in view , and who , by possessing them hitherto , had enjoyed a bonus which they had not originally looked to : and if there were others , who , having been influenced by that motive , which he was far from meaning to blame them for , though it would take from their offer any claim to merit , might be disposed to withdraw , when their purpose in that respect was no longer answered , their number might not be greater than that of persons who would be led to quit the corps from the causes which he had before adverted to . Whatever the effect might be , it was plain that the purpose of these regulations was to continue the volunteer system at all events ; not limiting its continuance by the motives which gave it birth , and which might be supposed commensurate with