plan proposed , and then to go back to his occupation , with all the inconvenience of having left it , and all the difficulty possibly of resuming it at his return . If he was an artisan or small I tradesman , his neighbour had run away with his business : if he was a journeyman or farmer 's servant , his master had provided himself with a new man : his employers and customers if the meanwhile had been wanting his labour : there would be a period , during which , they could not either have had him to Work or to deal with ; nor have been able to supply his place by another . He would himself at the end of this have his livelihood to seek ; for he would not like the soldier have found a provision in his new profession . Nothing would , therefore , be found for the most part to answer less in practice , than this notion of taking part of the labour and leaving the remainder , of employing the man during part of his time in learning the business of a soldier , and leaving him at the end to return to his ordinary occupations . It was as impossible to take half the man , as to kill half a sheep . When it came to the question of an embodied force , or any thing beyond armed peasantry , it seemed infinitely better , both for the individual and the public , that the man should be either entirely a soldier or not at all ; and should not be left in that mixed intermediate state , in which he would be lit for neither capacity , would be just enough of a soldier to be spoiled for a peasant or artisan , and so much of a peasant or artisan ( or whatever else he happened if be , ) to admit of his becoming a valuable or well-trained 290 soldier . As to the expense of a force thus composed , it could not be better illustrated than by what had been said by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ; of the provision to be made for the families of these men during ; their time of exercise . His idea that in . virtue of this training , they would , if employed as light infantry , be as well qualified to encounter the enemy as any troops in his Majesty 's service , was a little contrary to received opinions , and very contrary to the opinion of his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Pitt ) , who had described the service of light infantry , and in many respects truly , as that which required more training than , any other . If zeal and courage were all in all , as in some parts of his speech the hon . gentleman seemed to think , no training at ail would be necessary . And this was in some degree his ( Mr. Windham 's ) opinion . He thought that so little , after all , could be done by the sort of training now attempted to be given to the volunteers , and that the evils and inconveniencies attending the attempt were so great , that he wished this species of training to be fore borne altogether ; and that the country should content itself with that , which , while it contained what was by far the most essential , would be attended , comparatively , with no expense , so loss of time , no interruption to the common business and avocations of life . Such a course of proceeding was , as he conceived , better both upon the whole , and certainly so , with a view to the crisis of the moment , which could not wait the slow return of any long and circuitous me hon . The illustration used by an hon . gentleman , the other night ( Mr. Fox , ) was so happy , that it might seem almost to be conclusive