in this country , if not complied with , the power of augmenting the militia would certainly be liable to objection . The Irish militia , in their present offers , were but discharging the debt of gratitude which they owed to this country , though the circumstances of the danger of G. Britain were certainly not such as to call for these offers of service on the part of the Irish militia . The principle on which his right hon . friend proposed , not to augment the militia beyond a certain number , was because , from certain considerations , it had not been deemed expedient to increase that description of force beyond a certain proportion to the regular force of the country , which at the present , including cavalry , amounted to 350,000 . The manner of making the augmentation was exactly similar to what had been adopted last war , by adding 30 men to each company , which might be trained by the officers and non-commissioned officers without additional expense . Another argument for augmenting the Irish militia would not apply to the English , because from the manner of raising the men there by bounties of 4 guineas each , it would not interrupt the regular recruiting ; whereas the high price of substitutes in England , amounting in some counties to 301. and 401. would . The noble Lord did not think that we should yet abdicate any description of force , but rather put them all in the most respectable situation . And with a view to the best means of recruiting the army , he did not think that in 12 months the regular forces would be more than would be necessary for defence and offensive operations . His right hon . friend had proposed two modes of adding to the regular forces : 1st , by liberating a portion of the disposable force equal to the number of Irish militia to be employed liege , and by augmenting the Irish militia . The right hon . gent , had observed , that a case of strong necessity only could justify the measure ; but he contended that the policy of adopting it constituted the necessity . As to the expression of satisfaction which the right hon . gent , had used at 1090 finding his right hon . friend come round to his opinions at last , he should only say , that he felt great satisfaction himself that he had been so slow in adopting them ; because if they had been adopted at the period first stated , we could not now have , the same commanding force which we at present possessed , nor the same adequate means of defence which the military measures that had been pursued supplied us with . No gen. , could look back , to the progress and consequences of these measures , and say that he could play the game better . If the right hon . gent , had looked at the statement , he would have found , that in the short space of 4 or 5 months , there had been obtained from the army of reserve , for the regular army , 10,300 men ; by the ordinary recruiting in the last year 9,000 ; and for the artillery 4,000 ; making in the whole the number who had enlisted for general service in the last year , 23,900 . The noble Lord then stated the number who had been recruited for the regular army in the year between the 1st of Jan. 1801 , and Jan. 1802 , to be 15,400 ; in the following year , to Jam 1803 , 8,900 ; and in the year ending Jan 1804 , 9,622 ; little inferior to the number raised in the last year of last war , though the bounties had been then as high as 15l . per man , and exceeding the number obtained during the year of peace . expressed a hope , that the right hon . gent , would withdraw his amendment , as it would be understood , that