by suffering the address to be voted , he should not be precluded from giving every opposition he might feel it his duty to make , to any measure which might appear to trench upon the fundamental principles of the constitution of the militia forces . from what had fallen from the hon . member who had just sat down , was inclined to conclude that there were two questions to be considered as to the address and amendment , and that by voting for the address , gent , would be considered as pledged to the subsequent measures , The noble Lord might possibly , from his acquaintance with the state of Ireland , be capable of forming an opinion whether 10,000 men could be spared well at this time ; but , for his own part , unless a case of strong necessity should be made out , he should not accede to such a measure . In 1798 , when the English militia volunteered their services to Ireland , there was a rebellion raging there , which left 1091 the House no alternative . In the present I instance , when boasting of our 400,000 volunteers , and our other military strength , he thought there was no great necessity for going to beg 10,000 men in Ireland . If any gent , were to ask , in what part of the empire 10,000 men were most wanting , he would be answered , in Ireland.—Whence were these 10,000 men to be taken ? From Ireland ! Ministers had been in the habit of staling in that House , that the attempt at invasion would be made in a few weeks ; but every man who was in the smallest degree a statesman , must know , that no attempt would be made from Boulogne , until the enemy could find themselves in a state to make their grand attack , on which they most , relied , on Ireland ; and from Brest , in which harbour they had collected an immense quantity of stores during the peace , and made indefatigable , exertions to put their navy on a respectable footing since the commencement of the war . He could not see on what principle the disciplined troops were to be removed from a country , the object of the avowed designs of the enemy , for the purpose , of leaving its defence to raw levies . The learned member here re-urged the arguments of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and contended , that if more men were to be raised , they should be called fenceless , not militia , as they should be enlisted by bounties . He next adverted to the assertion of the noble Lord , that the militia might be carried too far , if extended beyond a certain proportion in respect to the regular force in the country , and commented with much point and ability on the measures that had been pursued during the last year . He insisted , that all the advantage derived from the army of re serve it supplying the regular army , was derived from the advice and opinions of his right hon . friend . He accused ministers of committing and recommitting , and altering again , and again their measures so often , that at last they did not know their own works , and afterwards taking to themselves the merit of every thing that was found in every legislative regulation , although almost every thing valuable of that sort , since the commencement of their administration , was the suggestion of some one or other who bad no connection with them , generally one of their direct opponents . He was decidedly in favour of the amendment . declared , 1092 that the address had his most hearty `` approbation , as far as it went with respect to the Irish militia , but he was sorry to sea the word `` several '' in the resolution , when he was certain , that the `` unanimous '' determination of the Irish militia might