French army abused as a set of conscripts dragged into the service . These conscripts , by whatever means they were brought together , formed as good an army as any in Europe , and such an enemy the volunteers should expect to meet in them , animated by as high an enthusiasm as theirs , though not of so good a nature . stated , that he was particularly anxious , as this would most likely be the last time he should have an opportunity , of declaring that there were two descriptions of volunteers , and that the exemptions adopted in regard to those two descriptions ought to be extremely different . This was a point , he thought , essential to the interest of the country . A strong line of demarcation ought to be made . He had looked into the acts of Parliament on the subject of the volunteer exemptions , and he found that he was borne out in what he then asserted , that the volunteers under the 42d of the King , were of a different class in the eye of the legislature from the present volunteers , who bad no regulation but that of the 43d of the King . The latter were a very large body of men , by whose exemption the great mass of the population of the country was greatly affected ; they impeded very much indeed the progress of the army of reserve , for three-fourths of them were of the first class of the Defence Act , unmarried mm under the age of thirty : this was a serious matter : they ought not to have these exemptions , for it was greatly inconvenient to the country . As to the volunteers under the 42d of the King , who were the only tree volunteers , in the proper 344 sense of the . word , for they came forward without any view of exemption ; they were justly entitled to every exemption ; they were in number from 69,000 to 70,000 , and they were a body of men , on whom the country need not less rely for patriotism than for discipline ; but the other great body which had been lately raised , and had entered , was not so properly called a body of volunteers , although that name had been given to them . They were not at first to have been exempted , either from the militia or the army of reserve : by the act of the 17th of July , no intention was expressed of exempting any of them either from the militia , army of reserve , or oilier service ; but on the 11th of August , when many gentlemen had gone into the country in hopes of serving it as essentially as they could by attending that House , a clause crept into a bill for regulating the volunteer cavalry , by which all this immense body of men were exempted from all other services , as it was now to be interpreted by the present bill , but which could hardly have been then so intended , as indeed was to be gathered by the very necessity there was now of explaining that act . This was a matter worthy the serious attention of the House at some future period . By these 300,000 men being thus entitled to exemption from the militia and the army of reserve , and three-fourths of them being of the first class of requisition under the Defence Act , being unmarried men under the age of thirty , this threw all the ballots almost upon men who had families , and they wishing to remain with and provide for them , of course became eager for substitutes , so that a great competition arose among them , and the effect was the bounty for substitutes became enormous . These were matters to be considered gravely ; not that he wished cur military strength to be ; diminished by any means ; no , we must continue that strength while the affairs of Europe wore their present aspect