he said , to move in the committee , that there should be a restriction of paper circulation in Ireland , and that the Directors of that Bank should be made responsible for the issues they should make . in reply to the noble lord , admitted that it was , no doubt , a subject of regret , that the paper currency of Ireland was carried to such an extent . He was ready to admit this ; but , at the same time , he thought the noble lord had better delay any motion 134 of that kind till a more advanced period of the session . Many of the member , from Ireland were now absent , being engaged on account of the peculiarity of the times , and of the situation of their native country , in their military avocations . Their absence , from such ostensible and laudable motives , would be readily admitted by every man as highly to their honour . He had no objection that this subject should be brought before the . House ; but he thought it was only fair , that a discussion of this kind should not be entered into in the absence of those gentlemen , who were most concerned , and who were most likely to understand the subject . It was probable that , after the recess , many of the Irish members would be able to attend the House . The hon . gentleman , proposed , therefore , to refer the business till a distant period , when such gentlemen might be present , and when accounts might be produced for that purpose . The hon . gentleman also , he said , would be enabled by such a delay to make up his mind upon the subject.—He concluded by moving , that the bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House } on Monday , the 13th of February.—Agreed to . who , on account of his absence on the Waterford Committee , had been ordered to attend in his place to-morrow , rose , and expressed his regret that he had given any trouble to the House . He stated , that it had been his intention , notwithstanding his military avocations , to attend , if absolutely necessary , on his duties connected with that House . From corresponding , however , with a friend in London , he was led to understand , that election committees were necessarily dissolved at the termination of the session , and that consequently his attendance on the Water-ford Committee was no longer necessary . The failure of duty of which he had been guilty had arisen from this misapprehension , and not from any intention to transgress the regulations of the House . The moment , ho said , he had received the order of that House for his attendance , he had set out from Dundee , where his regiment was now stationed , and where it would be necessary for him to return immediately . His military duties were of an imperious nature . He relied , therefore , on the indulgence of the House , and hoped they would attribute his absence , not to any want of respect for the House , or to any tendency to neglect his duty , but to the misapprehensions he had already stated , and the imperious commands of military duty . stated , that it was usual , in 135 such cases for the House to say whether they were satisfied with the apology or not , and then either to discharge the gentleman from attendance on the committee , if satisfied ; or , if nor satisfied with the gentleman 's apology , the House would order his attendance to-morrow , as formerly . rose and moved , `` that , in consequence of the hon . gentleman 's apology , the order for his attendance to-morrow be discharged . `` —The motion was agreed to , and ( he order was discharged accordingly.—Colonel Grant returned his sin cere thanks to the House for their indulgence . moved the