public had already experienced much greater mischiefs from a combination , than could be apprehended from a corporation ; and that , from the combinations between the fishermen , and their agents at Billingsgate , much imposition had been practised on the public . It was said , the gent , of the Marine Society knew nothing of the fishing trade : this assertion he must take leave to contradict , for many of them were many years extensively experienced , and had large capitals vested in it . supported the bill , and said , if he could conceive it would tend to sanction a monopoly , he should be one of the last men in that House to support it . Me wished , however , that the bill might be suffered to go into a committee , where these assertions might be put to the test , and the proofs examined , and its merits or demerits fairly shewn . It was ridiculous to talk of a monopoly in a commodity , the produce of which knew no bounds , but were utterly inexhaustible ; and so far would the extension proposed by the bill be from producing injury to individuals fairly interested in the trade , that 10 times the capital and number of ships now employed on our coasts would be in operation : ample markets would be found in this country for all the fish they could procure . The only persons who had injury to apprehend from the bill , were those concerned in the combinations carried on against the public at Billingsgate . The friends of the bill had in view the two-fold object , of raising boys for the navy , and cheapening and rendering plentiful an important article of wholesome food to the public . No man could more seriously wish to oppose monopoly than 1053 he did , but he desired the bill to have a fair investigation in the committee . strenuously opposed the bill , and observed , that the House could not be at a loss for a precedent to guide its decisions upon this head ; for if they would turn to their Journals for 1750 , they might there find the record of a bill having passed their House on the same ground proposed by the present , but which , after three years of experience , instead of an advantage , proved an absolute nullity , as he had no doubt the present bill would do , if it passed into a law . No less a sum than 500,000l . had been subscribed under the authority of that bill , and at the end of three years it was found totally to fail , and the only return the subscribers got for their money , was 3 per cent , for 14 years . Should the present bill pass into a law , he had no doubt but the plan would be speedily extended by subscriptions ; that very speedily a board of 24 directors would he found necessary , who would not like to act without ample salaries ; that a house like the India House , or the South Sea House , would be found necessary for their operations , with appropriate officers , secretaries , and clerks ; and , in a little time , so far from reducing the price of fish would their scheme be found , that they must sell every sprat they could catch at the price of a turbot , in order to defray their expences . opposed the bill as a mere speculation , by which no laudable purpose was likely to be answered . thought that the bill ought at least to be allowed to go into a committee.—The question was then called for , when the House divided . For the original motion 35 ; for Mr. Calcraft 's amendment 38 : —majority against the bill 3. moved the order of the day for the consideration of his Majesty 's message relative to the offer of the Irish militia to extend their services to G. Britain.—The message being read , his