that the first lord of the admiralty could be justified , nor was it on that ground , he was sure , that Lord St. Vincent would chuse to re this defence . He did not know where , or in what register , the noble lord might have found the arguments 562 he had used , but precisely the same mode of defence was adopt d by the admiralty in the American war when for two years our navy had been inferior to that of France . It had been s '' id on the ministerial side , that many of the argument had been used before ; it would have been better if it could have been said that they were answered before . Whenever it was contended that the exertions for the public defence in every department were inadequate , ministers thought it was enough it they had done a much within the first year of war a had ever be done before . But could they be allowed to date their preparations only from March last ? He would not say whether those he believed the peace was likely to last were nature 's fools '' or no , but ministers hid persuaded some that the peace was solid , though they themselves had since repeatedly declared that , from the moment of its conclusion , the conduct of the French governmant was but one system of aggression . In that case , therefore , they ought to have been prepared to pat an end ' to what they now hold out as a hollow truce , at the most favourable moment , and a pretty moment they did chuse . It it be true That , ever since the peace , the French government had never ceased from insuit and aggression , ministers ought to have been in a state of preparation adequate to what the natural result of such a situation required ; and instead of being the first year of the war , it ought to be considered , in regard cf . the state of preparation in which we ought to hive been , as the third.—With respect to the bid itself , he could not help taking notice of the extraordinary assertions of ministers , that it was their intention from the beginning that volunteers should have liberty to resign ; they thought any other system pernicious . Yet had they taken the attorney general 's opinion , which declared that volunteers could not resign . This opinion was circulated with great profusion , and re-com men tied to magistrates as the rule of their decision . Yet all this time ministers had intended to give the power of resignation , they thought the contrary principle pernicious in the highest degree , and they now say-that they would have proposed to give liberty to resign if the law had settled . This surely was a contradiction 5 and unless they had so gravely asserted that they always intended to allow the power of resignation , he should have inferred that they approved the attorney general 's opinion , and that they had , from the first . intended the law as he had declared it . He should have been inclined to believe that the conduct of men disapproving of the opinion and of the law would , 563 in circulating it , have announced to the lords lieutenants , that it did not that their itentions , that they intended to move for an alteration of the law , while in the mean time they would have instructed commanders of corps to permit resignation to take place . But nothing of this had they done , when Parliament met in November ; nay , after bringing in another hill on the subject of the volunteers , no mention whatever was made of a'tering a law , the consequences of which are admitted to have been so pernicious to the volunteer system ! Nay , since the attorney general 's opinion had been given , it had actually been proposed in another House to clear up the point by law ,