, he conceived , Oil information of our superiority . He would ask the House what had been the conduct of the Admiralty in regard to the most vulnerable part of the empire . Was it not he most judicious in every respect ? Every person would admit Ireland to be that part of the empire which he had described , and the conduct of the Admiralty , in regard to Ireland , was the most satisfactory , and appeared , he could say from good authority , to those that were most interested in that part of the empire , to be best calculated for protection and security . What description of vessels did Ireland most require , or by what description of vessels had Ireland been so much satisfied ? It was by large vessels that the shores of Ireland had been protected , and not by small craft , which seemed to be the object of those gentlemen to recommend ; and Ireland , at the same time , it would be admitted , was the weakest part of the empire , and therefore the best criterion by which we ought to judge from experience of the best means of our defence . The hon . gent , was by no means anxious to go into comparisons , but at the same time no comparisons , he was certain , could determine in any way disadvantageous to the noble lord now at the head of the Admiralty . A force , he remembered , had hovered over the coast of Ireland for upwards of 17 days , under a former administration , with general Hoche at its head , which had not the weather prevented it from standing , might have been attended with more serious consequences , and which , during those `` days , was unmolested , or rasher undiscovered by any British fleet . Were comparisons to be made , and were he permitted to follow them up minutely , he believed they would terminate greatly in favour of the present Board of Admiralty in every respect : and feeling this with his hon . friend below ( Mr. Fox ) , he could see no rational objection to the inquiry proposed . Should such an inquiry produce any effect to the enemy , it must be that only of deterring him from his fatal and ill-founded enterprizes , it must be that only , from the present state of our navy , of convincing the enemy that successful invasion was impossible , and that the attempt most be attended with discomfiture to themselves , If any ob- 916 jection was entertained to the conduct of the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty , it must be on account of that aversion he has discovered to every species of corruption , and his laudable determination to check and oppose it in every shape . On this account , therefore , he was glad to see that noble lord so warmly supported by the gentleman opposite , and professedly upon the same principle , because from this circumstance it was natural to conclude , that there was no corruption existing in any of the other departments of administration , or the noble lord could not have been the only one singled out as an object of persecution in this respect . He must again repeat , that in regard to policy , there could be no objection . The more the enemy shall know , the more he will fear , and lord St. Vincent will have an opportunity of vindicating more generally his conduct . For these reasons , the hon . gent , said , he would vote for the motion , not for an address to his Majesty to remove the present lord of the Adrmiralty , but for an inquiry by which he would be enabled to justify his conduct . was surprised that the papers now moved for should be refused , when an inquiry into the conduct of the Board of Admiralty , on a former occasion , had been so loudly challenged . Now , however