the framers of a new bill on that subject would be well satisfied in commencing the preamble of it , with the expression , `` whereas doubts have arisen , & c. '' With respect to that part of the bill which referred to the distribution of the quotas , his idea was , that the lieutenants should make two returns , one as if the volunteers did not exist , and the other specifying the exemptions . repeated the idea thrown out in his former speech , of the necessity of employing in the volunteer service , as field officer , either persons on half-pay , or persons who had once been in the army , but had retired from it . They would be fully as serviceable as an increased number of subalterns , and would not create any greater expense . Great as the patriotism of those at the head of the volunteer establishment was , it would not be expected that they could go through the permanent drudgery of continual drills . That would only be conducted by officers who , by a moderate and secured pay , were attached to the different corps . objected to many parts of the system , and hoped that apprentices who had been admitted into volunteer corps , would not be taken away from their masters ' , service , without some allowance in recompense . He disapproved of the practice of levying fines , and recommended an allowance of pay , but for what period he would not take upon himself to suggest , if gent , were still much attached to the practice of fining , he thought all the advantages that were expected from that usage , could be secured by a reasonable deduction from such pay for every non-attendance . The conditions of the services of he different volunteer corps were so various , that he much feared no general code could be formed for the regulations of so diversified and complicated system . could by no means be reconciled to the idea of allowing pay to field officers . With respect to the idea of remunerating the volunteer , which has been so much insisted on , he observed , that a generous public would not hesitate to reward him afterwards . Some of the hon . gentleman 's observations created much risibility in the House ; but he declared , that attempts to beat him down would be found ineffectual , and that no consideration whatever should prevent him from speaking his mind.—Some explanatory conversation took place between Col. Eyre and Mr. Sec . Yorke , relative to the attendance of the adjutants , serjeant-majors , & c. expressed his opinion , that sonic general rule should be laid down which would go to meet , the difficulties complained of . With respect to this , however , he thought the variety of the occupations of the people of this country a disadvantageous consideration . It might , notwithstanding , be found that some degree of military duly would suit every respective description of the inhabitants , and which may be arranged by his Majesty 's ministers , with the assistance of , or carried into effect under , the superintendence of general officers . adverted to several remaining details in the system , for which some efficient regulations ought to be established , particularly to the circumstance of farmers ' servants being allowed to be called out . He thought some provision should be made with respect to those who may be called out on permanent duty . On these points he thought something more effectual should be brought forward than had been as yet proposed . then proposed some farther amendments , which were without discussion ordered to be incorporated in the bill.—The chairman was then ordered to leave the chair , and to report the bill , with the amendments , to the House.—The House resumed , and ordered the report to be now received.—The amendments were then formally agreed to by the House , and , on the motion of Mr. Sec . Yorke , the bill , as