be devised . This was , however , in his opinion , by no means a decisive mode of arguing . We were not called on merely to provide for the exigency of the present moment , but to consider what would be the species of force which would be adequate to our future defence . The danger against which we were called on to provide , was not one which must infallibly assail us at the present moment . We could not prescribe the conduct of the enemy who threatened us ; nor could we know whether the majestic preparations which he was making were brought to full maturity , and would be ready to attack us tomorrow , or for twelve months to come . The enemy by whom we were at present menaced , was undoubtedly one which we were called on by every tie to repel ; and to do so with effect , and certainty of success , the whole population of the country , he thought , ought to be employed , —So far , therefore , he was an advocate for voluntary service ; but he could not agree that the voluntary force to be employed ought to be of the nature contended for in the present bill . His right hon . friend had pointed out the danger of a sudden diminution of the volunteer establishment . He unquestionably did not wish that any precipitate step of that nature ought to be adopted . He agreed with his rt . hon . friend in thinking , that terror was not the mode of procuring a continuance of a voluntary offer of service , and , on that principle , he approved of the option given to volunteers to withdraw their services , as being the best means of encouraging their continuance . The conditions , however , with which that option was clogged were so unpalatable , that he was convinced the measure would not succeed , but that many would avail themselves of the option and withdraw . His great objection to the present volunteer system was the effect which it had in obstructing the recruiting for the army , which was only 553 Supplied through the medium of the army of reserve . He did not say that the volunteer system was in itself an obstruction to the re cruiting of the regular army , but that by the number of exemptions from serving in the militia and army of reserve , which it occasioned , the field was contracted , the bounties to substitutes were raised above all due proportion , and the difficulty of procuring recruits was rendered almost invincible . Thus , though it did not in itself pre vent recruiting , it did so by its con sequences . His right hon . friend had aid , that as the demand for substitutes became less , the bounties would also become less . He , however , apprehended , that it Mould be rather found , that as the demand became less the means of supplying that demand had become less in a greater proportion . By the difficulty of making up their ballots , and the expense attendant on the enormous bounties given , many parishes had been reduced to the greatest distress . Could he then say , that it was proper to continue the volunteer system under such disadvantages ? Ought we alone to regard the present moment , and , through fear of lessening the present volunteer establishment , endanger our safety in succeeding years ? He could not agree with his right hon . friend as to the inutility of a body of armed peasantry . He should only ask , if a body of 100O men of this description were collected , would an experienced officer think them of no use , because they had not been trained ? He surely would not . He would employ them in some way , and that way would be no other than loosely annoying the enemy . If they made little impression at first , experience would improve them . The practice