They concluded their peace would not last ; we , who were `` Nature 's fools '' and mere idiots , could not know that . But did they provide for war ? My credulity must be greater than they thought it , before I can bring myself to believe it . But did they think of a war with France without the threat of attempting an invasion ? It seems hardly possible . It was , therefore , necessary to guard against it . I say that , in such case , they must have seen the necessity of providing more than 300,000 muskets . Why they should seem so disposed to boast of the state of the country , I do n't know , unless it be that they are themselves really surprised at their own exertions . They have been quite astonished ; and , looking round on one another , 'Oh , ' say they , 'who could have thought it ? We never could have imagined that we were capable of such exertions . ' Of the country it was impossible for them to think meanly : nor do I see why any man should be surprised or astonished to see Englishmen coming forward manfully to defend themselves . What they might think of themselves is another matter : if they foresaw the danger , there could be no impediment to foreseeing the want of arms . I do hope , that some things have lately happened to render that danger less . I say , that if Admiral Cornwallis could , during the week Parliament met , lay off Brest with his fleet , and effectually blockade that port , he has materially lessened the danger , and has gained laurels as great at most as ever were gained by a victory . The utmost degree of praise is due to that gallant Commander for his skill and bravery in this most important affair , which I think of the highest consequence to the Country . I certainly however by no means say , that on that account we ought to relax at all in our defensive preparations . But here perhaps I may be biassed . Always thinking an invasion attended with many difficulties , and particularly under these circumstances , but deeming it equally necessary to be fully on our guard against it ; I say , I may be biassed , but I ca n't help saving , go on in your preparations , but let them be such as may be most speedily convened into the means of offensive warfare , and if I gave an additional vote to night , it should be to the regular army.—Now , Sir , 220 having stated my difficulties as to the converting the . Volunteer Corps into a foundation for the regular army , I wish to say a word as to their duration , more particularly as the Noble Lord spoke of them as not being intended for temporary purposes . Now suppose , whether justly or unjustly , the war should become , in any respect , unpopular , if you should exact from the Volunteers nothing but what is perfectly compatible with their other necessary pursuits of life , they will go on very well ; but I think , that on the petty pay allowed them , should certain circumstances , unforeseen at present , arise , I the keeping of them up , on their present footing , may not be impossible , but I will say improbable . The Noble Lord talked of making us a military nation . I do not see the matter exactly in the same light with him ; but I have no objection to see the nation more military in its character even in time of peace , so far as that every class of persons should be better skilled in the use of arms ; peasants , artizans , and commercial men , & c. This would be of considerable advantage to the country . But we are asked , how else are the people to be employed in the