to ask the right hon . gent , whether he has found any mischief in the practice ? If he has not , why should he now attempt to exclude the volunteers from that which they have hitherto enjoyed without any inconvenience to the public , and take from them that , for which they have much value , and without which , as I apprehend , not only would the volunteers become less numerous , but also less efficient , according to their number , than they now are . Where , I should like to ask , is the difference between the first choice and the second ? In the first instance , the lot falls upon those generally who are the most known , who are the most remarkable for talents , or for some qualities or other that distinguish them , either for high station , or something that gives them a preference to others , and for which there are , generally , very good reasons for recommending them to his Majesty ; and , is it reasonable to suppose , that 444 the same motives which actuate the corps in the first instance , will not also influence them in the second , and that they will not continue to fill up vacancies , as they may happen in their corps , with the same propriety as they made the first choice ? I do contend , that if the right hon . gent , acts up to the spirit of what he has said to-night , he will find himself in an error , which will be fatal to the whole volunteering system of this country . This , Sir , is my firm opinion , and I think , it my duty to say so at once , and to entreat ministers to be cautious in what they do upon this occasion . For my own part , had I offered my services as a private in any volunteer corps , I own I should be very un willing to serve under any officer appointed by the Crown to command me without my own consent.—The right hon . gent , has gone through the whole history of the volunteer service , in which I shall not follow the right hon . gent. , bat merely make a few observations on some points in the speech of the right hon . gent , to the House previous to his motion.—He says , that ministers , finding they had no friends on the continent , it became us to look at home , and make the most of our internal strength , since we were at war . This system of volunteer service was resorted to , because we found ourselves at war without a friend on the continent to assist us.—I should have thought it would have become ministers to look about them and to see , whether we should have any friend on the continent to assist us , before we entered into war ; this would have been the course pursued by a wise politician ; but our sagacious ministers thought proper to adopt a contrary system , they got first into the war , and afterwards inquired how it could be supported ; they then adopted the system of a volunteer service . Now , I am ready to confess , that the system of volunteer service is not the best , either for economy , or for the purpose of making military efforts , such as might have been made under a different system of policy , and at the same lime bringing forth all the energy of the people of England . But while I say this , I trust that neither the right hon . gent. , or any other , will endeavour to bring upon me the odium of a desire `` to raise a clamour '' against the volunteer system . Nothing would be more unjust than such an imputation ; for there is not , I believe , a man in the country , who has exerted himself more than I have done ,