metropolis , he knew nothing of the matter ; and that he first was apprised of this new bill while he was busy in explaining the provisions of the General Training Act , and pointing out the superiority of voluntary offers of service . No sooner was it seen that a deficiency of volunteers was likely to be experienced , than ministers made known their views of these extended exemptions . The volunteer system unexpectedly increased much beyond what they thought necessary ; and here again they stepped in to check and embarrass the exertions and enthusiasm of the people . The people were to be perpetually trifled with , and when volunteers did not appear in sufficient numbers , they were to be brought forward by threats of the General Training Bill . It was not at all his object to dispute , under particular circumstances , the right of the Sovereign to call out the population of the country . He must , however , strongly object to the clause in the bill by which that power was defined . As the clause now stood , the power professing to be vested in the crown was monstrous and unconstitutional beyond all previous example . He could not pretend to be so well versed as a noble and learned Lord who had preceded him , in what had been very properly styled the antiquity of the law . Many of the cases cited by the learned Lord did , however , appear to him quite inapplicable to the present age , and the present circumstances of this country . Much stress had been laid on the authority of Vattel , whose Treatise on the Law of Nations he had heard repeatedly styled a repository of the lumber of antiquity . He would net . enter the lists with the noble Lord as to the constitutional opinions entertained in the time of Hen . III . and Edw . I with respect to the power of the Sovereign to call out the population of the country . He did not controvert the doctrine of the Sovereign 's right generally stated . In the present age , however , it was not to be received without a certain degree of limitation . It was the act not of the Sovereign personally , but of the Sovereign acting under the sanction and authority of Parliament . This was the only intelligible 1040 use of the right in a country professing to be governed by a system of laws fairly and justly administered . When the power was exercised at ail , it was to be generally and justly applied . It was not to be made the instrument of injustice , of partiality , or revenge . To suppose that it could be exercised in this way , would be to subvert the whole system of a free govt . To pretend that the prerogative of the crown extended so far , as that any individuals , could at pleasure be transferred , either to a regiment of the line , or to a militia regiment , was a position altogether monstrous and abominable . It was objected , and justly , to the odious and tyrannical govt , of France , that the people were liable to be driven to every species of military service . With what propriety , then , could ministers call on the people of this country to stand forth in defence of our constitution , if the monstrous power to which he had now alluded was sanctioned ? His Lordship contended , that a clause in the bill did sanction such a power , and that this was the first instance of such an arbitrary arrangement in the whole annals of the country . He wished to know from what source such an odious doctrine was derived . It could not derive its origin from the feudal times , for there the terms of service were expressly limited . Was it from the example of the issuing of commissions of array ? He conceived that it would be wasting time to shew that these commissions afforded