a noble lord ( Lord Castlereagh ) , be a recommendation , and serve better to fulfil that assurance , which he mentioned himself to have given ( and which no one could deny , was fully made good in the present instance ) , viz . that there would be no want of vigorous legislation in respect to the affairs of Ireland . But whatever might be said of the vigour of this proceeding , which , without a moment 's consideration or a particle of evidence , put a great portion of the empire out of the protection of the constitution , he was afraid that much would not be said , or felt , of its kindness . It would be no great proof , either of our respect or sympathy for the people of Ireland , no good illustration of the advantages of the union , that we should be willing to exclude them for the time from the constitution , and put them under martial law , in circumstances of proof , in which no man would have ventured to hint at such a thing in respect to this country . Ministers might perhaps be satisfied with the panegyrics bestowed on these measures ; great powers must be applied to great occasions , and on this ground the principle of arbitrary power might do good : despotism was neither good nor bad in itself , and if angels were always to rule , there would be no objection to it ; but as this could not be the case , men were content to forego the advantages which a more direct and arbitrary use of power might confer , and to take up with the safer and slower operation of laws and free governments . In these measures they must look to the ministers who proposed them , and who were not entitled to confidence at all . If the statements of ministers were to be taken , these measures were not necessary . Here let the house recollect what took place in last July . Previous to the insurrection , they were told by ministers that Ireland was in a continual state 112 of improvement , and it was to be inferred , that every danger ought to be thrown oft their minds . Had any one at that time , proposed a martial law bill , what would have been thought of his conduct ? Yet , why not ? What had happened since , to change the determination of the house , or to render that necessary which was not necessary at the period above-mentioned ? Up to the moment of the 23d of July , the house bad been told that all was tranquil in Ireland , and the country in a state of daily improvement . A few days subsequent to that date , news arrives , that an insurrection had broken out that the lord chief justice had been murdered , and the capital been within an ace of being taken . In the first paroxysm of their fears , ministers speak out , describe the proceeding as a dangerous rebellion , and call for an instant suspension of the habeas corpus , and for a martial law bill . As neither of these measures were wanted , for any object at that moment depending , as one of them was a mere measure of general precaution , and the other ( the martial law bill ) could not be applied to the trials of those already apprehended , with respect to all of whom , it was an ex post facto law , there seemed to be no reason , why , according to the ordinary practice of Parliament , the delay of a day should not be allowed for deliberation ; a delay which would be nothing with respect to the measure , but was a great deal with respect to the better understanding the event , on which the measure was to be founded . On some subjects , an additional four-and-twenty hours could add nothing to our knowledge , nor be expected to make much