years ago , but capable of increase with the increasing prosperity of the general revenue of the empire ; for during the happy period of ids Majesty 's reign , from that time to the present , that revenue had increased to several hundred thousand pounds , and that revenue now was much higher than the civil list for which it had been exchanged ; so that by this enactment of appropriate in perpetuity the hereditary revenues of the crown , Parliament would bi doing neither more nor less than this—to abolish his Majesty 's inherent claim to a permanent improveable revenue , and giving for it a fixed unimproveable sum , and that too , without any consent or intimation on the part of the crown . If this was the case , and nothing had been said to induce him to doubt it , he could not help saying , it was very unfortunate that the attention of the House had not been called to it before any progress was made in the bill ; for it was matter of great importance , upon the constitutional principle , that the hereditary revenues of the crown should not be taken away by Parliament without the consent of the crown 5 that was a principle which it was impossible to be the wish of any of the King 's ministers to neglect , and quite as little could it be the wish of any Member of that House . 822 —The question was then put , that this House do to-morrow resolve itself into the said Committee , and agreed to . said , that some days ago he mentioned a matter of serious moment to Ireland , which was , an apparent breach of faith of Parliament with the militia of Ireland . In November the militia were embodied in Ireland by order of the lord-lieutenant they were embodied by the existing law ; by that law each militiaman who provided for his relatives was to have so per week for his wife , and is for his father , mother , or child , who were to be maintained by him . In August following , tin 's law was repealed , by which these as were reduced to is . The militia had been embodied under the faith of the first , and no compensation was give to them for the reduction : this was a breach of faith , at which the militia murmured very much . He had letters informing him of much discontent upon this occasion , nor would he be answerable for the consequences , if some measure was not taken ; and if taken at all , it must be taken before the assizes , which are now approaching , otherwise it would be too lare . admitted the difficulty stated by the light hon . gent , and he should call the attention of the House to it ; but the chief secretary of the lord-lieutenant had brought the bill forward ; he had not vet had an opportunity of considering that subject , but in a few days he should come forward with an amendment to that bill , or a separate bill for that purpose . asked the Chancellor of Exchequer , whether it was intended to take any step towards making some provision the family of the late Lord Kilwarden : it was now near 8 months since that tragical event happened , by which he was destroyed . His family were not in affluent circumstances , and the consideration of to manner in which he came to his untimely and lamented fate , and the recollection of his virtues , made this a matter of great concern , and he thought that no time should be lost in making an adequate provision for his family ; and he was sure every loyal man in has empire would feel the necessity of this attention on the part of the government . of the Exchequer said , that ; this subject was one OP which his Majesty 's servants had not been inattentive , and he believed in the