improper powers . In general , however , I have found that these committees were merely instituted for the management of the pecuniary concerns of the corps to which they respectively belonged . Let any person attend , Sir , to the manner in which many volunteer corps have been formed ; let him consider , that the greater part of the expense attendant on their establishment has been defrayed by voluntary contribution , and he will have no difficulty in admitting that committees of the nature which I have described are not only liable to no animadversion , but are to a certain degree absolutely necessary . Of this I have no sort of hesitation in declaring my opinion , that beyond the management of pecuniary concerns they ought to have no control ; and that if they 433 attempt in the smallest degree to interfere with the military concerns of the corps , they are doing what is quite unjustifiable and what can not be permitted . Against such practices the legislature must directly set its face , and to prevent its continuance is an object of the highest importance.—The right of electing officers in volunteer corps is another subject to which , on the present occasion , I wish to call the attention of the House . I wish here clearly to state , that there is a very great distinction betwixt the election of officers by a volunteer corps previous to its being regularly embodied , and the supposed right of filling up vacancies among the officers as often , by a variety of circumstances , as they may take place . In the cue case , it may appear expedient to suffer the exercise of a certain degree of discretion , from an idea that the choice will fall on those individuals who are the best fitted to hold the rank of officers , or who may be supposed to be most esteemed by those by whom they are selected to be their commanders . This , Sir , is only , however , a permission given , and not a right conferred , and in the instance of a vacancy occurring , it never yeas meant that volunteer corps should exercise the right of chusing their own officers . There is not a single tittle in any act of Parliament to justify such a claim ; and it is a claim inconsistent with the exercise of his Majesty 's lawful prerogative . It is a wise principle of the constitution , that the exercise of the prerogative shall not be usurped where it is Dot limited by an act of the legislature , and there is no act of the legislature which authorizes volunteer corps to fill up vacancies among their officers . If a particular body of men have supposed themselves in possession of such a right , they must be convinced of their error . The exercise of such a right I have no difficulty in pronouncing illegal : and I have cot less hesitation in saying that , in almost every instance , it would be highly impolitic and dangerous . The commandant of a volunteer corps is , in the case of a vacancy , to send in a list of those whom he conceives best qualified to supply it , to the lord lieutenant of the county . The lord lieutenant is invested with the full power of either transmitting or with-bolding that list , according to his own discretion ; and the Secretary of State may lay it before his Majesty or not , precisely according to his opinion of the character and respectability of the persons who are recommended to fill up the vacancy which has occurred . If any corps chose to insist on this right , it is the fair right of his Majesty to discontinue their services ; and I am so fully convinced of this 434 right , that I consider it unnecessary to make it a part of the bill which it is my object to introduce . It may perhaps be said , Sir , that the right of volunteer corps