had been apparently pacific . But , what was their conduct ? What it really was . Sir , it is unnecessary for me to examine ; it is sufficient for my argument to consider in what light his Majesty 's ministers themselves viewed it , which they have fully explained to us in their declaration on the renewal of hostilities.—They there tell us , that `` It may with truth be asserted , that the period which has elapsed since the conclusion of the definitive treaty , has been marked with one continued series of aggression , violence , and insult on the part of the French government . `` That it is impossible to reflect on the different proceedings , and the course which the French government have thought proper to adopt respecting them , without the thorough conviction that they are not the effect of accident , but that they form a part of a system which has been adopted , for the purpose of degrading , vilifying , and insulting his Majesty and his government . '' Now , Sir , I ask , is it possible that his Majesty 's ministers , viewing the conduct of France in 265 this light , should really have thought that the peace would be of Jong duration ? Is it possible that any set of men , composing the government of this brave and powerful nation , of a people jealous of their honour , and at all times ready to resent an insult offered to themselves or their Sovereign ? Is it , I say , possible , that the ministers of such a country should have been capable of believing , that we could long remain at peace with a government which , as they themselves tell us , had , since the conclusion of the definitive treaty , acted upon a system of degrading , vilifying , and insulting his Majesty and his government ? Under such circumstances , I can not help supposing that they must at least have considered the duration of the peace to be very precarious : and if it was easy for them to foresee the probability of war , it was no less easy to foresee what would be the nature of it . Has a single circumstance occurred which was not expected ? Did they reckon upon the co-operation of allies , who have since deserted them ? No ; they could have no such expectation . Is Buonaparte 's project of invading this country any thing new and unexpected ? Certainly not . When they made the peace of Amiens , they knew he had it in contemplation , if the war had continued ; and , therefore , might be sure that if it should be renewed under such circumstances , he would again prepare to invade us ? Since then , they must have foreseen both the probability of a rupture , and the precise nature of the war that would ensue . Did it not once occur to them to consider a little what measures were or might eventually become necessary to meet such an attack ? Did they not consider that a rapid increase of the army would become necessary , and that , therefore , it was their duty to prepare beforehand the means of effecting it ? Could they not foresee , that in a war of such a nature , they would be obliged to call upon a great part of the population of the country to assist the army in its defence ? And did it never occur to them , that , in order to enable the people to fight , it would be necessary to give them arms ? I am perfectly ready to admit , that the statement made by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) on Friday last , respecting the number of arms that have been issued , is more satisfactory than circumstances had led me to expect ; and I have no hesitation in declaring , that , in my mind , it fully acquits the board of ordnance of any imputation of