from a depreciation of the value of paper , than from a rise in the value of gold above its just standard . He agreed with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) , that the commercial transactions in the north of Ireland were carried on with gold . The habits and feelings of that part of the kingdom continued the same as when both the national banks paid in specie , and , therefore , when no gold was issued , when the ordinary means of obtaining it were cut of by the restriction , the effect was , that while they continued to carry on their business by means of gold , they were obliged to pay the price set upon it by those who had it in their possession . As the demand for guineas increased , they of necessity acquired a greater local , factitious value ; and while the restriction continued on the banks , and the apprehension from invasion induced those possessing specie to hoard it up , the fact could not be otherwise . He thought so strong an imputation should not be cast rashly upon the bank , which , like all other public companies , depended principally on its credit , as to suppose , that it had abused the discretion vested in it , by increasing its issue of paper to such an extent as to depreciate the value of paper ten per cent.—As to the effect on the industry of the north , he looked upon that to be a question of great delicacy . He could not , however , conceive , that it would have the effect of embarrassing 484 the linen manufacturers in foreign markets . If gold were necessary in a bargain , the bargain must necessarily be delayed till the gold could be procured , and in ail cases of bargains prospectively made , the terms must necessarily be regulated according to the medium of the purchase . The medium in this case being intelligible to both parties , no inconvenience could be felt by either ; and whatever advance was made to the producer , was necessarily charged upon the consumer . It was not so with regard to contracts previously existing , as in the case of rent . There it would make a considerable difference to the landlord , whether paid in specie or paper , while such a difference existed in their relative value . He had risen merely to state his doubts , whether the premium of 2s . 4d . was occasioned in that part of the country , so much by a depreciation of paper , as by an extraordinary rise in the value of gold , and he stated thus much as doubt , rather than as difference of opinion . He had also some doubts whether any remedy can be applied , and he was sure Parliament would be much embarrassed in restraining private banks . As to the state of internal industry , there appeared to him no ground for gloomy apprehensions . He remembered , when in the Irish government , that the constant complaint was of the discount paid for specie , particularly by the soldiery ; now the soldiery were increased , and the industry of the country formed another drain on specie , while the means of ; procuring it were altogether cut off . The case might be made a subject of special inquiry , but was not in the present instance fairly under the consideration of the House . in explanation , staled , that the linen bleachers were obliged to give 2s . 4d . for every guinea , in order to have gold for payment to the linen weavers , and this amounted to 10 per cent , on the manufacture , more than before the restriction . He should mention a fact in the recollection of the noble lord , which would illustrate that observation . About four months ago , the linen manufacturers held a meeting at Armagh , which they afterwards adjourned to Dungannon , for the purpose of bringing