this proposed change would incur some unpopularity , and some pressure ; on the parishes ; but to this he would say , that such pressure ought to be softened , if they could not be remedied , and if they could not be remedied they ought to be endured . To this he had no doubt the people would submit cheerfully , when they reflected on the value of the object for which they bad to contend , and that nothing could di- 551 minish their devout gratitude to Providence upon a comparison of their situations with those countries which , neglecting timely precaution , and refusing perhaps to suffer small losses in the first instance , committed themselves to the will of that power which now employed all its resources to assail this country . The right honourable gentleman particularly urged the introduction of a plan to limit the bounties to be given to substitutes , that it should be always less than that to recruits for the regular army ; the bounties to which also should be limited , in order to put a stop to the proceedings of those pests to society called crimps.—He thought it would be wise to allot a certain number of regiments to be recruited in certain counties ; and that the recruiting officer should be stationary in such counties . Thus he conceived the recruits would be more easily-obtained , through the connection that would grow up between the people , the recruiting officers , and the regiments to which they might belong ; and the consequence of the system would produce an esprit de corps that would be highly advantageous.—The right hen . gent , took notice of the propriety of attending somewhat more to the system of fortifications , and also improving our naval defence , which he stated from his own knowledge to be very defective . While our danger was greater , and our resources also , than at any termer period , he complained that our state of naval preparation was much lower . He declared , that in this statement he was not influenced by the slighest prejudice against any man ; on the contrary , in the whole of his observations he wished to keep aloof from every description of asperity , which he thought ought not upon any account to be introduced in the course of this discussion . his was not a time for the operation of any party spirit . Every mind should be engaged , every heart should be devoted , to the consideration of the public defence , and in the prosecution of it he hoped that ministers would weigh well the sacred duty they had to perform , the awful responsibility of their situation . It would not be enough for them to say that cur preparations were great , they ought to be complete . He might be told that the danger was not so great as he imagined , and that the state of our preparations was much greater ; perhaps such was the fact , but he spoke the sentiments which all appearances , among which were the declarations of ministers themselves , fully justified . The right hon . gent , concluded with stating , that he bad many other observations to make on the several projects he had mentioned , but should waive them 552 till a future opportunity . In the mean time he declared that he was not so obstinately attached to any opinion of his own as to decline , upon such an important subject , giving the utmost attention to the suggestion of others . was of opinion , that the bill was inadequate to the object which it professed to have in view , that it would not be productive of any real or lasting advantage , and that it would end in smoke . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) had defended the system , principally on the ground that it was particularly necessary at the present moment , when , from the urgency of the case , no measure of equal advantage could