; also an estimate of the expense of transport service , for the year 1804 . These estimates were ordered to lie on the table ; and Sir P Stephens gave notice , that he should move them in the committee of supply to morrow.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee of supply . The resolutions were agreed to , nem . con.—Lord Castlereagh brought in his bill , for regulating the interest on East-India bonds . The bill was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday , and to be printed.—Mr . Vansittart brought in the bill for continuing the restriction , on payments in specie by the Bank of England . Read a first time , and ordered to be read a second lime tomorrow . Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee of Expiring Laws . The resolutions were for the continuation of the act 39 Geo . III . for prohibiting the exportation , and encouraging the importation of corn the act for regulating the trade with Malta ; the act of last session , relating to the drawback on the exportation of sugar ; and the act relating to the exportation of sugar to Ireland . The resolutions were post- 57 poned , and referred to a committee of the whole house to sit tomorrow.—The house went into a committee on Mr. Jarvis 's bill , for preventing the desertion and collusive arrests of seamen . Several verbal amendments were made , the blanks were filled up , and the report ordered to be received tomorrow.—Mr . Vansittart moved , that tomorrow the house should resolve itself into a committee , to consider of ways and means , for rating the supply granted to his Majesty.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that to-morrow , in the committee of ways and means , he should move , that leave be given to bring in a bill to empower his majesty to raise five millions , by loan , on exchequer bills , for the service of the year 1804.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that to-morrow , in the commute of ways and means , he should move the land and malt taxes , for the year 1804.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , that there be laid before the house an account of the outstanding exchequer bills , on the 1st December , 1802 , and 1st December , 1803. respectively . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to encourage the residence of stipendiary curates . It would , he said , be in the recollection of gentlemen , that a bill had been brought forward on this subject last year , which had passed that house , but was rejected in another place , on account of a money provision , which had been annexed to it , of such a nature as to be conceived inconsistent with the forms of that place . He had the satisfaction to state , that it was not now necessary to annex to the bill any such provision , as intimation had been given , that it was intended to bring forward a separate measure , for the purpose of providing , in a less objectionable way , for those of that deserving class of men , the stipendiary curates , who should be displaced , by the operation of the bill for enforcing the residence of the clergy . The bill , which he should propose , would , therefore , be the same with that which the house had passed in the last session , with the addition of a clause , which would facilitate its operation , and the omission of the clause , in consequence of which , the former bill had been rejected in the upper house . If leave should be given to bring in the bill , his intention was , that it should be read a first and second time , as soon as the forms would admit , and then printed and left some time for consideration.—Leave