arguments . He had never stated that all the volunteers had exemptions nor had he 997 ever stated that the volunteers had enrolled themselves merely on account of the exemptions . On the contrary , he had mentioned several corps within his own knowledge that were enrolled before the exemptions were granted . It , was there , fore very hard to have arguments and sentiments attributed to gent , which they had never uttered . He and his right hon . friend had always argued , that the exemptions had not induced men to enter into volunteer corps , and therefore they had always opposed the granting of exemptions ; and this was an answer to at least three-fourths of the right hon . gent , speech . The right hon . gent , had stated ; that the national guard composed a part of Dumourier 's army : of this fact he was not quite sure , but he knew that it was composed at first of raw troops , and the first report he sent of them was , that 20,000 of them ran away from 1500 Austrians . It should also be recollected , that one of the first exploits of these raw French troops was to murder their own General ( Dillon ) ; and the next was , to make another of their generals ( Biron ) , a prisoner . It was true , that these men turned out to be good troops after a campaign or two ; but he only mentioned these cases , to shew the reliance that was to be placed upon raw troops . The only way of judging upon cases of this kind was to look into history , and he did not recollect a single instance in which raw troops had , in the first instance , been successfully opposed to veterans . The right hon . gent , had contended , that it was not the intention of government to substitute the volunteers for an armed peasantry , because the King had the power of calling out the population of the country : but had they taken the means to call them out ? had they provided arms for them ? or if they hourly expected the invasion , why when ; they not called out ? It had been asserted that the volunteers had attained a greater degree of perfection than could have been expected ; but he believed that wear three-fourths of them had never fired with ball cartridge , and yet these men were raised to repel an attack that was expected in August last . The right hon . gent , had relied much upon the reports of some general officers , particularly Lord Cathcart , General Simcoe , and Lord Moira . With regard to Lord Cathcart , he believed he only spoke of the Irish volunteers , which were certainly , in some 998 respects , different from those of this country . With regard to the report of General Simcoe , no man could be disposed to pay greater respect to it than he was ; but he should like to know what number of general officers had made similar reports : if there were no others , why then it might be inferred that was the only corps in such an advanced state of discipline . As to the opinion which had been said to be advanced by Lord Moira , it was one which he believed had been delivered at a public dinner ; whether it had been correctly reported or not , he did not know , and therefore it was impossible to know whether his Lordship had really advanced such an opinion or not . It had been argued , that the volunteer system had not injured the recruiting for the army ; but to this assertion he could not give credit : it was universally known , that the army had not been recruited as it might have been , and indeed it was impossible but that the number of exemptions given must materially affect the recruiting for the army ; but it