candidates was called in question , the particulars of that qualification should be produced by him within fifteen days after the complaint of his wanting it , was made against him . The usual notice , it appears , had been sent to Mr. Fydell , in the present case , but not complied with ; and the reason adduced for his non-compliance was his indispensible absence beyond sea . A precedent , similar to the present case , occured in the year 1744 . It respected also a naval officer who was necessarily absent on the service of his country ; and the house then judged it fit to extend the time . Should the house be now inclined to grant the same indulgence , they would agree to the motion made by the honourable gent.—Mr . Ellison 's motion was then put and agreed to . called the attention of the house to the renewal of petitions respecting contested elections , and intimated that they should be brought forward in the order of their priority , as they stood last session . Those of the fifth class were then brought forward ; among the first of which were the petitions for Middlesex , Midhurst , and the Borough of Southwark . then rose to suggest the propriety of deferring the considerations of these petitions till after the Christmas recess . Should it be the pleasure of the house to adopt that suggestion , it should be his wish to pursue the same plan as that adopted last year , viz . that an order should be made for a call of the house , and that two petitions should be ballotted for on two days of each week . The house must be sensible how inconvenient it might be to enforce a call of the house at the present moment , and under the present circumstances of the country . Under that impression he had no doubt but that they would see the propriety of postponing the consideration of those petitions till the 2d of February , after the usual recess . The business which was likely to call together a full attendance would most probably be brought forward at that period ; neither would the arrangement he was anxious for , interfere in the least with the 34 time of the usual recess . He should therefore move , that the petitions for Middlesex and Midhurst be brought forward on Thursday , the 2d of February , and that for the Borough of Southwark on the following Tuesday , the 7th of February , These motions were put and agreed to . brought up the report of the address proposed to be carried by the house to the foot of the throne , in return for His Majesty 's most gracious speech delivered yesterday to both houses of parliament . The address was read a first time , and on the motion that this address be now read a second time , rose and addressed the chain as follows : Sir ; I offer myself to day to your notice , not with a view of retracting in any degree the assent which I gave yesterday in a former stage of this address , but simply for the purpose of marking more distinctly the grounds of that assent , and obviating a misconstruction which might be liable to arise upon it . I wished the question to pass unanimously yesterday , for the same reasons which make me wish it to pass unanimously to day ; namely , that nothing may seem to call in question the unanimity or our determination to give to his Majesty unbounded support , and to maintain the cause of the country through every possible trial , and to the last extremity . I should be sorry that any thing should appear on the face of our debates , which , in the mind even of the most rude observer , could create a doubt upon that subject . But while we are guarding against an error of this sort , let us take care not to incur one of an opposite