very exceptionable , the system is still to go on , truly , because Parliament , in the course of last session , approved of it ; but the period which bas since elapsed , has proved that it is not calculated to promote the object ministers profess to have in view , namely , the vigorous prosecution of the war . These remarks I mean principally to apply to the system of the volunteers , which forms the most prominent feature in the present debate , and the question with respect to which has been put on very fair grounds by the right hon . gent , on the same bench with me , ( Mr. Windham ) and with all whose sentiments on the subject I entirely agree . That right hon . gent , stated , that he considered that in the present crisis the defence of the country would be better consulted , and the attack of the enemy better provided for , by the increase of our regular land force , than by the embodying of so many volunteers . He also stated , that the volunteers were rather so many men with-held from our effective force , than so many added to it . He did not , however , say any such thing as that which was ascribed to him by the noble lord , that the regulars were the only army which he would recommend to be raised in the present situation of affairs , but that the description of troops he would propose to be added to the regular army , would be very different from that which the volunteer system had collected . That the patriotic feeling and the martial ardour which the volunteers have manifested entitled them to the highest praise , no man could doubt ; but the sentiment of the right hon gent , and mine also is , that this ardour might be much better directed and much better employed in another way . How differently , 212 however , does this right hon . gent , and the right hon . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Pitt ) consider this institution , and the manner in which it may and ought to be used for the public safety . Though the views of both are distinct , yet both agree in thinking the volunteers , according to their present constitution , exceedingly imperfect . The right hon . gent , on the same bench with me does not deny that , even as they now stand , they may be useful , but maintains that a greater degree of utility might be derived from the same men under a different system ; that they are not an adequate substitute for the regular army , nor lit to act with them . The right hon . gent , under the gallery considers the volunteers as laying the foundation of a future military association , upon which the country might be able to rely for its defence , in case it should become advisable , in the course of the war , to send all our disposable force out of the country . What men who , according to the letter of the act , are only required to submit to twenty days discipline in the course of the year , in order to exempt them from being ballotted for the militia , and to shelter them from regular service and martial law , to be reckoned upon as likely to become , in any reasonable time , qualified to supply the place of a regular army , and to have the safety of the country committed to their protection ! Really I do not fully understand the meaning of the right hon . gent , on this point . It seems to be his view , that the volunteers are hereafter to be converted into something like a disposable regular force . Such a thing is not within the contemplation of the bill upon which the volunteer system is grounded . I certainly do not so understand it ; and I am fully sure