; but advert to an effect , which though of a less alarming , perhaps less important nature , was not undeserving of consideration , viz . the immense depreciation which these institutions must produce in the value of military titles and honours ; honours which were , heretofore , confined to military men , but were now lavished among persons , having no pretensions to that character . It would hardly be said , that this could be of no consequence , for that after all , every man knew his own value , and that the difference between regular and irregular service would still be the same , however external distinctions might be confounded . He should be 287 glad to try this with respect to other honours . He should be glad to know from his right hon . friend , or from the hon . gentleman opposite to him , whether the candidates for peerages , and baronetcies , for red and blue ribands , would be satisfied on being told , that these distinctions could be no object to them , as they would neither make them richer nor wiser , nor more powerful , nor confer or declare any quality that was not equally possessed and equally known , at the moment of their application ? Whether the present holders of these honours , would be perfectly well pleased , or were perfectly well pleased , at seeing them become as cheap and common as most of them , it must be confessed , had of late years been made ? Yet the complaint in this case would be far less reasonable than j in the other . It was much more easy to conceive , why an officer , with only his pay to live on , with no place perhaps in society but what his commission gave , and with nothing to announce his commission but the riband in his hat , or the title by which he was addressed , should be tenacious of these distinctions ; distinctions earned through many a hard day 's service ; than why men , possessed apparently of all that fortune could give , should be pining after honours , which to the eyes of ordinary observers could add so little either to their happiness or consequence . A great peer , it might be thought , could better dispense with a riband , or a great commoner with a peerage , so far as distinction was concerned , than a soldier of fortune with those tokens and titles , which were to distinguish him in the eyes of strangers , and which being withdrawn or confounded , left him without distinction of any kind . But these things were not only relatively great , great to the officer , who had probably nothing else either to supply their place or to console him for the want of diem : they were in themselves distinctions , which all mankind would agree to value , and of which it would be much easier to explain the value , than of many of those which were more eagerly pursued . Formerly , he who bore the title of captain or colonel , could be no other than a man belonging to an honourable profession , who , if not in the prime of life , must probably , have been an actor in scenes , which every one would be glad to have shared in ; and have displayed qualities , which those who most felt to possess them , would still be happy to have evinced by trial . His title afforded presumption of a character , which the common feelings of mankind would never suffer to be regarded but with respect . Could the same be said of every other honour ? Of which , nevertheless , the exten- 288 sion and depreciation , would be considered as a ground of complaint . No one certainly could look down upon an honour , which implied that the person attaining it had been accepted on the part of his Sovereign . But , since in this