the inference which was attempted to be made from that distinction , he most decidedly differed , for he never would assent to the opinion , that because no express covenant was entered into between a volunteer corps and government , that such corps should not have the right of electing or recommending its own officers , that such right should not be allowed to them , although , according to its original constitution , the members understood that this privilege belonged to them . Of any attempt of this nature , which would go to evade an implied compact , he would highly disapprove . It would be quibbling with the judgment , it would be breaking faith with the engagements of a gallant body of men , who were intitled to the most respectful attention , the mort honourable dealing ; whose zeal in the public cause , if any thing could damp , might be affected considerably , by any departure on the part of government from the terms upon which they understood themselves to have originally taken up arms . The utmost faith , he repeated , ought to be observed towards the volunteers , particularly in such instances as those he had alluded to . If , at the time , the offer of any volunteer corps had been accepted by government , no notice was ; taken of such a distinction as that which the right hon . gent , had insisted upon this evening , where , he wished to know , was to be found the law to justify , the right to authorise , that any such distinction should be afterwards acted upon : —The same check as to the right hon . gentleman 's advice to his Majesty , respecting any recommendation to a commission , existed as well at the first format ion of the volunteers as at present , but neither then nor now , did there exist any right to prevent that recommendation from being offered . In the former instance , indeed , it was not pretended that it did , and in either case it did not appear to him very prudent or necessary to press such a prohibition . If , however , in the first instance , go- 439 vernment had refused to any volunteer corps the power of electing its own officers , then such corps might have withdrawn its offer of service , and there would have been no apparent injustice ; but if after such corps had been actually formed and made considerable progress to , if not really become perfect in discipline , it should be attempted to deprive the members of a right which they conceived they possessed from the beginning , and without even a hint of the design at the period of their first offer of service , there could be no principle or policy to excuse such conduct , and he trusted , that under circumstances such as those he had described , ministers would not press the plan alluded to by the right hon . gentleman ; but if they really meant to take away altogether the right of recommendation from the volunteers themselves , he hoped that it would not be assigned to the colonel commandants of corps , with whom , for many reasons , he would , least of ail others , wish it to rest , although upon them , as much as upon others , ministers would have the check described by the right hon . gent . There were some instances , he understood , where the agreement entered into with volunteer corps were of a particular nature , where the vender of service was upon certain conditions . In such cases the ministers ought , of course , to be tenderly cautious that the faith of government should not be violated . An hon . friend of his ( Mr. Whitbread ) had the honour to command a corps at . Bedford , which , in its original after of service , stated its conditions , namely—that two gentlemen. , whose names were mentioned , and of