me on the question of the union , it may , perhaps , be a good answer to him to say , that one of the objections ; to the union here was , that it would tend to increase the influence of the crown in this House , and then it was prophesied , that of the 100 Irish members not one would be found to bring forward any charge against I ministers . The prophecy , in this instance , seem ? pretty nearly realized . But , since no Irish member has thought proper to move the inquiry , we see that the Dublin journal , I with inferior authority , indeed , states that the subject deserves inquiry , and the only objection to it is the inconvenience it might occasion to ministers at this critical moment . Now , the call for inquiry even of the Dublin journal , is important in every way ; either as it speaks what is agreeable to the sense and feeling of a part of the people of Ireland ; or as it speaks the sense of the castle , which in the newspapers it influences , admits that blame lies somewhere . To discover and to decide where that blame really does lie now remains for Parliament.—The hon . baronet , who opened his motion which so much ability and good sense , asserts , and offers to prove the various facts , My hon . 783 friend who spoke lately ( Gen. Tarleton ) has likewise stated many important facts . But to these it is said by the right Hon . gent. , they are all hearsay . Why , to be sure , they are hearsay , and what other ground has Parliament to proceed upon in the first instance but hearsay : and what else can we have but hearsay , unless the House will resolve to inquire ? There has been some criticism employed by the right hon . gent , on the word `` surprised '' as applied to the Irish government en the 23d . After what had been admitted almost by every person who had spoke , I did not expect to hear any dispute as to this point . Surprise may net necessarily imply blame . The greatest generals have been surprised . If the Irish government bad fairly said , we have had sc many false alarms , so much false information , that in ibis instance we have been surprised this defence might , perhaps , has been admitted . But they were not `` surprised '' I have always considered surprise to signify being taken unprepared . If then the Irish government had information at o'clock , and were taken unprepared at 9 , I must still think they were surprised , and they are the more inexcusable if they did receive information and did not act upon it . This circumstance renders it more disgraceful , more unseemly , to be taken unprepared . To be surprised may in such circumstances be a great crime . Indeed , to be surprised is prima facie evidence of neglect . If a ship is lost a court of inquiry is held , because the rule is that a ship ought not to be lost `` without an inquiry into the case , and this when there is not the slightest reason to suppose blame.—But there is something prima facie , which demands examination . The fact of the government of a great country being surprised , as that of Ireland was on the 23d of July , is of itself that prima facie evidence of neglect 53 would fully justify inquiry.—With respect to the precautions adopted , let us see what they were . It may not be amiss , however , to notice the extraordinary defence set up for the lord lieutenant against the government , so extraordinary that it is altogether inconsistent with common sense . It is said that communications were made by the lord lieutenant to General Fox , and a letter written on the 18th , acquainting him of the explosion of