question , by any thing that has been said by me or others on the present occasion . On the contrary , I do think it highly indecent in ministers to insinuate , that any measure proposed to be adopted for the benefit of the state , for the safety of the monarchy , and consequently for the service of his Majesty , is or can be in contradiction with the royal feelings . There is no ground for any remark of this sort . If Parliament did not , in the circumstances in which we are placed , call for further information , after so long a period has elapsed , after the information it has received from the physicians , it would , in my opinion , abandon its duty and disgrace its character , and I should have retired this night from the House with a mind dejected and sorrowful , if no member had made this inquiry , and if this discussion had not taken place . Sir ; there are two points to which must beg the attention of the House . I rise for the purpose of denying that ever broached the doctrine which the hon . gent . who spoke last has attributed to me . I said that the argument of the hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Fox ) seemed to imply , that there ought to be always an interference in that House whenever their was any supposed interruption in the personal exercise of the royal authority , but I never stated , that , if there was any delay on the part of his Majesty 's ministers , the House was at all fettered in its discretion , or that the House might not , without any communication on their part , institute any proceeding which the House thought fit . The hon . gent . has also stated that I have set up my own opinion in opposition to his Majesty 's physicians . All I can say on this part of the accusation against me is , that I have stated nothing as matter of speculation or opinion of my own , but upon the authority of the physicians . I wish to be distinctly understood here to restate , that there is not , at this time , any necessary suspension of such royal functions as it may be necessary for his Majesty to discharge at the present moment . —Sir I feel , in common with my right hon . friend over the way , that the hon . baronet who provoked this discussion is deserving of the thanks of the House and of the country , and I am sure he will have them for the motion he has made Whatever difference there may be as to the mode , there is every reason to be satisfied with what has been done . The effect of the motion has been to procure much informa- 527 tion . which would not have been given if the hon . baronet had not required it . If I understood the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) right , he stated that if any emergency should arise , there is no physical cause why the royal functions should not be exercised by his Majesty even now This is a more consoling , and satisfactory communication , than anyone now present could have set out with the hope of receiving when he came down to this House . Whether it be well founded or not , rests entirely on the responsibility of his Majesty 's ministers , and I do hope , that as the attention of Parliament has been called to this most important point , and warning has been given to ministers , that a strict watch is kept over them , the House will not be put back much beyond the proper time , as to any communication which it may be necessary to make . The only question now before the House is , whether , in contemplation of a more speedy termination of the calamity