, as many topics were then omitted , and some important suggestions had since been made , he thought it not wholly unnecessary to say a few words.—His right hon . friend under the garner ( Mr. Pitt ) , had explained and enforced with his usual ability , the measure which he had wished to see adopted for the improvement of the volunteer system ; observing , with too much truth , that his order respect , were diametrically opposite to the Mr. Windham . He lamented the fact , and not the less sincerely , because it must happen in consequence , that his ideas be diametrically opposite to those to his right hon . friend . It was always painful to him to differ from his right hon . friend , with whom he so generally agreed : and independent of that feeling , there was commonly the further cause of regret , that his opinion , so opposed , had less chance of being received . It was not on that account , however , less necessary , that he should state the grounds , on which his opinion was formed.—His objections certainly did not arise from any general feeling adverse to voluntary service . On the contrary , he had always strongly declared himself in favour of voluntary service , as opposed to that which was compulsory : but voluntary service did not necessarily mean service of volunteer corps , such as they were now constituted . Here and there , perhaps , the cases might concur . One of the corps which he should have looked to , though resembling in some degree those to which he was objecting , was the corps of which his right hon . friend was at the head : and which had contributed , probably not a little , to lead him to the ideas which he now entertained respecting volunteer corps in general . This was a corps , formed in peculiar circumstances , and with peculiar advantages both in respect of its leader , and of the men of whom it was composed , His right hon . friend was not 282 to conclude that what could be done by himself , circumstanced too as he was , could be done by any other commander , and with respect to any ordinary corps . His right hon . friend had at once his own personal powers , his general authority in the country , and the authority of his high provincial office . He had a people to deal with tendered tractable by a more immediate exposure to the danger , and animated with something of a peculiar character , and peculiar duties . It was the experience of what might be done in these particular circumstances , which had misled , as he conceived , his right hon . friend in his ideas of this service in general . For his part , he must confess , that the notions which he entertained , and the conclusions which he was led to draw , were altogether different . He must object to the volunteer system ; first , as being very ill-adapted to the principal and more immediate purpose , for which it was wanted ; as increasing most materially the difficulties of recruiting the army ; as being liable to have a most injurious influence on the character and conduct of the army ; as in fringing the just claims , and violating the reasonable feelings , of military men , by confounding those distinctions which they had hitherto enjoyed exclusively , and effecting a general depreciation of military titles and honours ; as confounding the ranks and gradations in civil life , while it disturbed and deranged the ordinary functions of society ; and lastly , as liable to become a source of great future political danger , such as might be apprehended always , from great bodies of armed men subject to no military control , and whose constitution at this moment was , in innumerable instances , precisely that , which would be most likely to give birth to such danger