delay which the bringing forward a new 359 bill would occasion , might detain the House for several days , merely for that particular subject . One can only regret , that a bill of so much importance should have been brought into the House at so late a period , that it can not conveniently be deliberatively considered , nor fully discussed . This bill , my lords , goes only to explain two acts of the last session of Parliament relative to the exemptions to be granted to the volunteers ; but even this , in my opinion , is insufficiently done by it . The better plan would have been , to have repealed the provisions of the two former acts with regard to exemptions altogether , and to mould the whole into a new bill . For in what situation are we placed by these acts , and this bill of explanation ? We impose a task of no little difficulty upon the lord lieutenants , deputy lieutenants , and on the volunteers themselves , by rendering it necessary for them to search into three acts , doubtful in the meaning , if not contradictory . If however , notwithstanding this , your lordships should resolve to pass this bill , trust you will allow me to make one or two observations upon the particulars of the bill which I can not now properly make in the Committee . One of the acts imposes a difficulty which I have felt by experience . The number of days for attendance at drill in order to exempt a volunteer from the militia and army of reserve are different ; I am sure , I know not It why . For exemption from the militia , five days attendance is required , and for exemption from the army of reserve twenty-four days . In one part of the act , the commanding officer is ordered , in making the return of his troops , to declare upon his honour , that he has only returned those who , by having attended rive days ' drill , are exempted from the militia . In another part , he is commanded lo give in a return of the whole force under his command , stating those who are entitled to exemption and those who are not . It is utterly impossible that both these provisions can be complied with ; I myself was forced to give in a certificate differently Worded from that required by the act of ' Parliament , and others must have done the same , leaving it to the discretion of the lord lieutenants , whether they would accept of them or not . But there is another dilemma to which the commanding officer is reduced . He is ordered in one place to make a return , declaring upon his honour which of those included are intitled to exemptions from the army of reserve and the militia , and which are not . Only one of two choices are here left ; but it often happens that many are , by the different number of days required , exempt from the militia , and are not ex- 360 empt from the army of reserve . The commanding officer can not properly , therefore , comply with the act in his certificate , and is compelled to give one in a different form from what the act requires . But further these acts contradict the 42d of the King , which says , that if a volunteer be drawn for the militia , he shall be recorded as drawn , and exempted only as long as he is a volunteer . The moment he leaves the service , he is called into the militia by the former ballot , and obliged to serve as a supernumerary to fill up tire first vacancy that occurs . Now , in the late defence acts , this point is materially changed ; for , as it stands at present , the ballot does not hang over the heads of the volunteers , but any one who is a volunteer on