bad no ; been remiss With respect to the number of arms delivered out : —In the beginning : of 1803 , there were delivered out 101,034 stand of arms , and up to the 27th of Feb. of the present year ( the day on which he was speaking ) , the quantity of 365,426 stand of arms , exclusive of pikes , & c. amounting to 18,000 . Of this number 217,196 were delivered to the volunteer of Great-Britain , and 32,051 to those of Ireland . A very considerable portion of arms had been furnished at the expense of the volunteers themselves ; and from the best information which he could gain , upwards of 250,000 fire arms had been provided , for adding to the general defence of the country . Every thing on the part of government had been done which was practicable.—He then took notice of the letter alluded to by the right hon . gent . as to the resignations . He did not mean to defend or speak in favour of the style , for it was written by himself ; but he wished to explain to the House , that he meant they should be dismissed from : their corps , as a punishment for not having done their duty in such a manner as they ought to have done . He might , perhaps , be asked , why , if he thought so , he had so industriously circulated the opinion of the Attorney General ? His answer to this was , that a difference of opinion having arisen in the minds of many on this subject , it had been deemed necessary to take the legal opinion of his Majesty 's great law-officers , the Attorney and Solicitor General ; and these gentlemen , after a mature consideration , thought , that from the nature of the contract , and the tenor of the several acts of Parliament , the volunteers could not resign at their own will and pleasure . As soon as these opinions were received , he thought it then immediately became his duty to circulate them as widely as possible , both for the benefit of the volunteers , and the justices , who were liable to be called on to act in 542 many cases when fines were fixed , to be levied by them ; and under such circumstances , he would be glad to know what any gent . would have said to him , in case he had not circulated them antecedent to the recess ? The meeting being very short , it was desirable to avoid all differences as to the volunteer services . Since then , the opinion of the King 's Bench had decided that the volunteers had at present a right to resign , but that when called out there could be no doubt they were bound to serve.—He said , that on the subject of beacons , the lords-lieutenants communicated with the generals of the district in the maritime as well as the inland counties ; and the generals of districts with those who were to carry them into execution . He acknowledged that some difficulties had arisen as to the expense ; but it was now settled , that where there were naval signals the Admiralty should pay the expense ; and where they belonged to the interior , it should be defrayed by the commander in chief.—Having thus gone through these several heads , he wished the House to suffer the bill to go to a Committee , in order that it might receive the benefit of the united wisdom of the House . He should for one , be ready to listen to all amendments ; but he hoped gentlemen would content themselves with doing no more than was necessary . The system being altogether voluntary , too much coercion and strictness might be found inconvenient . The first inducement of the volunteers to offer their services had been the love of their country , and the ardent desire and enthusiasm they felt , as well as the necessity there appeared to