by his Majesty , and the situation of that corps after it was completed and acknowledged as a military corps , was pretty obvious ; and indeed , from the very nature of military service , it was impossible that government could accede to I such I principle with any corps as the permanent right of electing their officers—Suppose , for instance , in case of actual service in the field , a body of volunteers going into action beside any other troops of the line , or militia , an that any of their officers should be killed in action ; was that corps , the moment the action was over , to I proceed to the election of officers from amongst themselves to fill up the vacancy , without appealing to the judgment of as commander in chief ? He by no means meant to deny their right of recommending persons whom ( hey conceived eligible for officers ; but there was a material difference between the right of recommending , and that of electing . By denying the later , it was by no means to be . implied , that officers I were to be forced upon those corps without in any degree consulting their wishes and attachments . It was not to be presumed , that in recommending persons as eligible for I officers in such corps , the lord-lieutenant of a county would give such recommendation without consulting the commanding officer of such corps , and exercising his own judgment in chusing such a person ; as was most I kely to bear their confidence and attachment . The hon . member had argued as if the right of permanently electing their officers was the general idea of all the volunteer corps ; whereas , from the best information be could collect on the subject , no such idea was generally entertained But if it was possible , that any such notion had ; generally gone forth , or even that such a principle did really exist , was it to be argued , that if such a principle was found to be inexpedient and injurious to the objects of public service , that Parliament was to have no privilege of revising the volunteer system , and making such amendments as obvious necessity should point out , without incurring the charge of breaking faith with the volunteers ? He trusted , that nothing which he had urged in support of the necessity of such amendments , could be construed to convey the slightest imputation upon that gallant and patriotic body of men ; —but surely , that could not be called a breach of faith which recognized the right 455 of every volunteer , who disliked the continuance of his services , under the new regulation , to withdraw himself from Ins corps ; recollecting , however , at the same time , that by such resignation , he surrendered all claims of exemption from the ballot for other branches of the public force to which he became entitled under tins first regulation . Another point adverted to in the bill , was the increase proposed in the number of days service , from 20 days to 24 days : but this he thought could make no very material difference to individuals . rose to explain . He said , that what he called a breach of faith , was , that after putting men to considerable expense and trouble in acquiring discipline , under certain acknowledged principles , by which they were taught to consider themselves exempt from the militia and army of reserve , a new principle is brought forward , to which , unless they think fit to accede , their former exertions go for nothing , and their exemptions are forfeited . If the right hon . gent , denied the right of volunteer corps to elect from amongst themselves the persons whom they should approve for their officers , he begged to know , how it was that the London and Westminster Light Horse continued to this day to exercise that privilege : for surely if it was the