no measure had so materially contributed to prevent the mischief originating from the rebellion from extending itself , as the very measure which was now made the ground of objection . A great body of loyally had existed in Ireland , during the period that one of the most extensive and most malignant rebellions raged in that country which it was ever the fate of a government to encounter . By the exertions of this assemblage of loyal subjects , that rebellion had been suppressed , and the constitution had been saved from destruction . He must , however , be permitted to say , that it was not till the measure in question had been adopted , that the loyal part of the community were able to feel and to employ their strength . It was not till government was armed with the extraordinary powers with which the measure vested them , that rebellion was attacked in its strong holds and effectually subdued . These were the effects of the measure in putting an end to the rebellion in 1798 , 77 and the continuance of the measure at different periods since that rebellion , had operated consequences no less beneficial . The late mad attempt at rebellion , shewed how much improved the state of the country was , and he had no difficulty in ascribing to the operation of the measure which the hon . member had objected to , that vast augmentation of loyalty which had been obtained during the interval which had taken place betwixt the rebellion of 1798 and the late attempt of a handful of deluded and desperate individuals . The experience of past consequences was the strongest inducement to renew the measure at the present moment . The use that hi d been made of the measure , was a wise reason for again resorting to it . Though the government was vested with extraordinary powers , there was no reason to be apprehensive that they would be wantonly employed . The circumstance of government being vested with these powers , was the means of enabling them to resort only to the civil tribunals of the country . The civil tribunals , notwithstanding the existence of these powers , had been appealed to , and the result had been equally honourable to the laws and to the individuals to whom the extraordinary powers were delegated . This ought , in his opinion , to operate as an additional inducement to grant extraordinary powers , when it was ascertained that they were not in any instance abused , when discretion was employed , not in suspending , but in encouraging the operation of ordinary tribunals of justice . The great principle which a wise legislature wished to act upon , was a principle of precaution . Its object was to prevent , and not punish crimes after they were perpetrated . It might be argued , that there was at present nothing in the situation of Ireland to justify a measure which went to the suspension of the ordinary privileges of the constitution . The recent attempt at rebellion had not surely escaped the notice of gentlemen , and it could not in fairness be pretended that tranquillity could be so soon restored as to supersede the necessity of a measure , the beneficial effects of which had been so signally experienced . By the timely interference of the legislature , a great deal of detailed misery which had formerly afflicted the loyal part of the community , had been avoided . For every man who was acquainted with the situation of Ireland knew , that such scenes of detailed misery could not have been prevented unless government had been armed with the powers adequate to the nature of the circumstances in which the country was placed . On the 78 principle that it was wise on the first appearance of the late rebellion to arm government with these powers , he would contend that it was equally wise at the present moment . It would not be denied , that among those deluded individuals who constituted the remains of the rebellion ,