runs thus : `` I have just heard that `` you have given directions for augmenting `` the guard here to an officer and 30 men . `` I conclude from it , that you have received `` some further intelligence , which induces `` you to think it adviseable , and as an alarm `` is given , that precaution will not add greatly to it . `` —I might possibly be considered here , as wishing to exonerate the commander in chief . I disclaim any such intention , further than that impression which I have received from a careful investigation of the facts . But if there is any cause to blame his conduct , let that , also , be brought forward . The public have a claim upon this House for the truth of the particulars of that , transaction . It is that which I demand , and ; will pledge myself , if the House thinks fit to acquiesce in this motion , to produce to them a scene of weakness and indecision , far beyond the conception of any one who hears me . I will prove a secretary writing letters unprecedented as to their equivocal meaning . I will prove him just as the rebellion broke out , writing this laconic and extraordinary epistle : `` Our accounts grow more serious . `` I am told that men are marching on the `` line of the canal . Appearances look but `` uncomfortable Yours , & c. '' This and the unsatisfactory accounts of the reports which he could neither credit or reject , were the intimations given of an insurrection that threatened to subvert the government of Ireland . I will then move for letters from the lord lieutenant , written after this barbarous and sanguinary rebellion , with an apathy and unconcern , of which nothing but the letters themselves , can give an adequate idea . Nor is there a man in this House , who possesses the warmth of honest feeling , who will not perceive with indignation , the very little anxiety which at this awful moment was manifested for the public safety . The precautions taken for the lord lieutenant will , I think , shew the insignificant opinion originally entertained of this rebellion , and form 743 a history of the minds of government during nine very important hours . At 3 o'clock the lord lieutenant conceived himself sufficiently guarded by a Serjeant and 13 men ; between 8 and 9 he was surprised it should be thought necessary for him to be guarded by an officer and 30 men ; and before 11 , he sent orders to Sir Charles Asgill by Sir Edward Littlehales , for a further reinforcement of a captain and 50 dragoons , and a field officer and 100 infantry . I do not state this as more than necessary ; en the contrary , I think the person of the first magistrate in that country should be held sacred ; but I state , as a criterion of his opinion of the rebellion , and if we proportion the alarm in the minds of government to the number of men , it was just fifteen times greater at 11 o'clock than at 3 , when the precautions were originally agreed upon.—Now , in considering all these facts , I have wished to trace some principle upon which the government acted ; and the only consistent part they appear to me to have held , was a determination to avoid giving alarm . It may , therefore , be necessary to say a few words on the propriety of that determination . It has always been admitted , that it is better to prevent than to punish crimes . It is impossible the government could have intended to wait till this insurrection took place , with a view of discovering the authors ; the risk which every loyal man must have you , the placing the lives of his Majesty 's subjects , even for the shortest period , in such a state of danger , would of itself