as no such proceeding ought to take place , unless a grave case were previously made out.—With respect to the correspondence which had been the subject of an hon . gentleman 's animadversions , it was undeniable that Lord Redesdale had not published his letters , and the mischief , if indeed any had been produced , was caused by the publication of the correspondence . It was rather extraordinary and hard , that the subject of that correspondence should be mingled with the conduct of government ; for Lord Redesdale , in communicating his sentiments to the noble lord , on whom he was conferring the right of exercising the duties of a magistrate , was not guilty of any impropriety in suggesting what he conceived might be useful to the noble lord in the discharge of the duties of his new office . The Attorney-General concluded with declaring , that until a grave and material case was satisfactorily made out , the House could not with consistency agree to the proposed inquiry . rose at about 2 o'clock in the morning . He said , that before he went into the question he would crave the indulgence of the House for a moment , to make a short observation on what had fallen from an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Dawson ) .—It was with sorrow and pain he had heard the hon . gent , express any jealousy upon the interference of English members in the concerns of Ireland . Such a proceeding ought to reconsidered not as an evil , but a benefit arising out of the union of the two kingdoms , as the temperate and dispassionate interference of unprejudiced men would be ever attended with the most solid advantages to that country.—He said , if it had been his good fortune to have been noticed at an earlier I hour , he should have endeavoured to have made some reply to the speech delivered by the noble lord at the beginning of the debate , but those items which he meant to have questioned were now gone by , leaving only one general impression upon his mind , that the noble lord had fallen into that error which the wisest logicians have often experienced ; namely , that he had in fact proved to much . The noble lord had laid it down and asserted , that the conduct of the Irish I government on the 23d of July was better titan well—whereas he ( Lord De Blaquiere ) thought that the government of Ireland on that day was worse , infinitely worse , than bad & —His noble friend and he , were , therefore , completely at issue upon the point , and t a war of assertion was to be continued as it had begun . But suffer me , said Lord De Blaquiere , to call the attention of the House 793 to a distinction which may not be altogether undeserving of notice . God forbid & I should have the presumption to say , that any thing coming from my mouth deserved a bitter attention than that which any other man has offered , but when it shall be remembered that I desire to consign to a committee for the investigation of truth , every thing which I shall advance , and that those on the other : idea , who equally and boldly make their assertions , shrink from the investigation which I court , the House will , I am confident , make the distinction—Upon the subject of the present discussion look , said his lordship , a little back and see if all these disasters have not arisen more from the mismanagement of government than from any other cause . View that fatal system of not alarming the people , that wretched admixture of fear and flight , whose operation upon the minds of men led to doing that which was worse than wrong ; namely , to the doing of nothing at ail ; a system which had brought this country to its ruin , if its feelings had not been roused by