periods of the last war ? Was it not true , that though engaged in hostilities not more than 9 months , the whole regular force was within 15,000 men equal to the highest point during the last war . At the present moment , when the demands for the army were less , in consequence of its being less scattered over the face of the globe , and notwithstanding we had not been at war more than months , though he admitted we began to arm from the instant of the King 's message , we had a greater force in this country and in Ireland , than had ever been known . The right hon . gent , stated , that by the adoption of this system , we were meeting an immediate danger by a slow and gradual improvement of the discipline of the volunteers . In reply to this , he must beg gents , to recollect what was the intention of Parliament when the system was adopted last sessions . He must request the House to say , whether it was in contemplation , or within the scope of their hopes or expectations , that the volunteers of this country would have attained that degree of perfection and discipline to which they had happily arrived , within so very short a period as had elapsed since the passing of the act by which they had been constituted . Could it be called slow improvement in discipline , by those who formerly thought that exertions infinitely more limited than those the volunteers were now capable of , would be sufficient to avert the danger ? When the bill for forming them was originally introduced , training on Sundays and 14 days , commuted afterwards for 24 days exercise , had been deemed sufficient to give to the country that degree of confidence and security which would lead it to look forward without apprehension to the issue of the arduous contest in which it was engaged . But what had taken place ? Instead of 14 or 24 days exercise , the volunteers , with a zeal and enthusiasm worthy their spirits and the cause which animated them , had more than performed their contract . Instead of barely earning their exemptions , they had given the best possible contradiction to the imputation thrown out against them , of having been induced to come forward by the consideration of the exemptions . There was , he could state with confidence , hardly a volunteer corps in this kingdom that had not tripled its en- 992 gagement with the public ; hardly one which had not , instead of 24 days exercise , devoted 3 or 4 times that period in the acquisition of military discipline . And what had been the effect ? Not certainly that they had readied the degree of discipline which it was desirable they should possess , but that they had attained their present state of discipline with a degree of rapidity which neither the hopes nor expectations of the legislature could have anticipated at the time it defined the number of days exercise required of them . The right hon . gent , had said , that he looked with the utmost apprehension to the proposition which had been suggested , that the volunteers were to be calculated upon as part of the means of resisting an . invading enemy , or , in other words , that they were to be brought forward as an army . He had never heard it stated that the volunteers were to be brought forward as an army ; but he had heard it said , and with rapture he had listened to so pleasing a theme , countenanced as it was by opinions far more worthy of reliance than any which proceeded from the right hon . gent , he had heard it said , that the volunteers were capable of being brought forward , not indeed as an army , but , under circumstances , as part of an army . He had the authority of high military characters to oppose to the