the year 1803 , voted at 6,500,000l . to have produced 5,000,000l . in Jan. last . The remaining 900,000 was to be made good out of the produce exported in January , but not yet derived . With respect to the produce of the war taxes , it was not in Jan. , but on the 5th of April , that they were calculated to produce 4,500,000l . The war taxes differed from the surplus of the consolidated fund in this , that the surplus could not be taken till the accounts were made up , whereas the war taxes were derivable as they went on . In the last week there had been paid in , on account of the war taxes , 3,131,000l . leaving 1,379,000l . to be made good by the 5th of April . Whether it would be made good , remains to be seen . The accounts now presented were in the usual form . The balances were not expected to be stated item by item as they arose In answer lei the observation of his noble friend 's ( Lord Castlereagh ) statement of the amount of the forces , he had only to observe , that his noble friend included in his statement other descriptions of force not included in the 66,000 , but mentioned in other parts of the paper . It did not appear yet , whether there was any excess in the military department . As to the vote of credit for 1,500.000l . there was every year an account of the application of that vote . That account would be soon made out , and laid before the House . The reason why a small part of the vote of credit , 5,000l . remained on hand , was , that it was inapplicable to the Service of the preceding year . For the same reason there was 900,000l . of new taxes now laying unapplied . wished to know , whether the saving in the naval department was owing to the economy of the present Board of Admiralty. , or the consequence of fewer sea men being employed than were voted ? said , that the saving was in a great measure owing to economy in the Admiralty , but also in a considerable degree to there not having been as great a number of seamen in the early part of the year as had been voted . Tin demands for naval service were , how ever , so extraordinary and unprecedented , that it was matter of surprise and jey ( hot any saving should have been made , and that that expense did not even exceed the estimate This was the more extraordinary , as the number of seamen and marines now on board was not 1,500 short of the . number voted by Parliament He did not wish to give all the merit of the saving to economy , 958 but if there had not been economy , instead of a saving Parliament would have an excess to make good . wished to know , whether there were any documents relating to the particulars of the savings ? said , that no such accounts had been given in the last war , and in the present instance , when the ablest financier of England ( Mr. Pitt ) , one who combined the largest with the most minute view , was present when the accounts were referred to the committee , and made DO remark on them , there was reason to suppose they were correct.—Some further conversation ensued between Mr. Tierney , Lord Folkestone and Mr. Vansittart , in the course of which Mr. Vansittart stated , in answer to a question asked upon the subject , that the monies already paid into the Exchequer on account of the property tax , amounted to 1,260,000l.—The motion was at length agreed to , and the House having resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow , and the committee to sit again on Friday . brought up the report of the Committee of Ways and Means of yesterday.—The resolution for appropriating