in substance nearly as follows : among the many assaults which I have had to repel this evening , was one from a very brilliant flash of lightning , a meteor which for some time has moved neither on the one side nor on the other ; a meteor whose absence all may with me have regretted ; a meteor on whose return , having concentrated its force , has fixed its rays of resentment and indignation against me—but in whose blazing face I can lock without fear or dread . No insinuations , however bitter or bold , will ever induce me to surrender my freedom in this House . I am fully determined not to renounce my privileges as a member of Parliament . I admire the uncommon valour , extol the vast renown , the glorious achievements of Lord St. Vincent . To him we are highly indebted for shedding extraordinary lustre on our national glory . I did believe , that when his lordship took upon himself the direction of our naval affairs , the public service would derive great benefit from his patriotic exertions , and professional skill . I did believe that his name , in whatever naval capacity , was a tower of strength ; —but I am apt to think , that between his lordship as a commander on the sea , and his lordship as First Lord of the Admiralty , there is a very wide difference , it can not , surely , be a subject of suprize , that Lord St. Vincent should be less brilliant and less able in a civil capacity than in that of a warlike one . And with all my lofty ideas of his character , as a brave and successful naval commander , I shall not shrink from my duty in censuring him when presiding at the Board of the Admiralty , if he deserve it . I do not deny but that my motion for the production of the papers imply blame on his lordship . I , therefore , candidly avow , that I do not come forward 927 on this occasion from a tender regard to the character or conduct of his lordship , while at the Board of Admiralty . I claim this right of censure as a member of Parliament , if I can make out good grounds for the inquiry ; but without I am allowed the official documents , I can not prove the validity of my grounds , I can not follow up my inquiry . If ministers chose to make this a question of confidence , they can not , they shall not , induce me to the surrender of the inestimable privileges transmitted to every member of Parliament by his predecessors in the House . In bringing forward the subject of this present discussion , I have no other motive than merely to discharge my duty to my country . After Sir William Pulteney had said a few words , the question was loudly called for , when strangers were ordered to withdraw , preparatory to a division ; the discussion , however , continued , some time after the strangers were excluded . At length the House divided , when the numbers were , moved the order of the day for going into a further consideration of the report of the Volunteer Consolidation Bill . He said , that previous to the House going into a further consideration of this subject , he must beg their attention to a few observations he had to offer in consequence of some misrepresentations which he understood had gone abroad , but which he had not heard of till that day , relative to a clause which was supposed to have been introduced into the bill in a surreptitious manner . The words , he alluded to were `` the United Kingdoms . '' In his first opening of the plan fur introducing this system , he very well remembered to have stated that the power of the King to call out the volunteers , was intended to be applicable to Great-Britain and Ireland . That