be increased and placed upon a most respectable footing . To the present system he was ready to give all due credit , as calculated to repel a sudden invasion or attack ; but it became the duty of ministers , when they found the enemy had laid his plan , and taken his measures on the most extensive scale , and had collected one of the largest 932 armies in the world , to endeavour to meet him with such a force as should be most likely and best calculated to act against him on as equal terms as possible . When he was first appointed to the Severn district , he had endeavoured , as much as was in his power , to make the volunteers acquainted with all those manœuvres and different modes of turning out of their quarters , and meeting at distant places with other corps , as were most calculated to be serviceable to them in case of any sudden appearance of the enemy but he found them in such a state of insubordination that he could not send a soldier five miles to execute any order of his , because the horses of the yeomanry corps were not found by government . He by no means intended to charge this state of insubordination as a fault of his Majesty 's ministers , but he could not avoid stating it as a very momentous and radical defect in the system . In consequence of this refusal to convey his letters , as lieutenant-general of the Severn district , Col. Peach 's battalion of 500 fine young men actually marched thirty-five miles , in order to meet some other corps on the West Downs , because he could not get a letter conveyed by a light-horseman to apprise the colonel that the meeting was put off from the unfavourable state of the weather . At the time he thought his letter had gone , he was surprised to find it sent back to him , with information that the officer to whom he had entrusted it , could not get it forwarded . He wrote immediately to the adjutant-general , requesting him to lay the business before government , and in about ten days he received a cold phlegmatic answer , not to give himself any farther trouble in the business , for he had nothing to do with the volunteers . He thought , therefore , it was of little consequence appointing field officers as inspectors of corps , if such kind of proceedings were to be looked over , and allowed to go on.—The general then mentioned a corps , called the Selwood Forest Legion , which had actually refused to obey ' the orders of the general of division , or the lord-lieutenant , or any orders but those of their own officers . He had lamented this state of insubordination , and implored them to attend to their duty , but all in vain ; for they afterwards showed so mutinous a spirit , that they said they would rather fight it out on the parade , than yield precedence to any other corps , or submit to the orders of the lord-lieutenant , or general of division , and then actually formed themselves into an independent corps . He made a report of this alarming procedure to the War-Office , which was not attended to for a mouth , and then 933 he received a letter from the secretary of state , desiring that the business might be amicably arranged ; so that insubordination , bordering on mutiny , was to be commuted by ail amicable arrangement.—The next object in the system , which he disliked , was the exemptions . In the battalion of reserve , which he commanded in his district , there was a deficiency of 699 . On inquiry into the cause , the answer was , they can not be obtained on account of the numerous exemptions allowed to the volunteers . In the militia in his district , which now consists of two battalions , they were very short of their complement , and