prisoner , against whom this speech was opened , and who was convicted upon the proof of it , hanged upon a falsehood ? Perhaps it may be said , that the speech of the Attorney General was an exaggerated statement of the facts ; but I should think that a man in so grave an office , on so I grave a subject ; a man I do not , indeed , know personally , but of whom I have always heard much to his advantage as a professional man , and a man of honour , would not have exaggerated at all , for it was certainly a case in which he should say nothing but what was strictly correct , because it was a matter in which his fellow creature was to be deprived of his existence . Now , if that learned gent . did speak the truth on that most solemn occasion , my noble friend has been deceived in the amount of the arms of the rebels , and , consequently , in the amount also of the danger to which Ireland was exposed on the 23d of July . But there are two ways of stating things in an argument , with both of which my noble friend is perfectly well acquainted , and of which he is always well aware : the one is to slate and to prove by facts ; the other is to state a general result of assumed facts , and to prove nothing . My 759 noble friend has taken the latter course , as most suitable to the case on which he was discoursing . He also claimed merit to the government for things in which they had no concern in producing . He told the house that the bank had a strong wall , which I imagine will hardly be considered as a proof of the precaution and the vigilance of government . And as to the castle , although he admitted it would have been disgraceful it should have been occupied by rebels , he says , that if they had entered it in Triumph , they would yet have found nothing in it . I hope ministers do not mean to invert this and say , that if they had entered the bank they would have found nothing there too . But , surely , there is something in impression I upon such an occasion as that of which I am now speaking . There is much to be considered in governing a people of high and quick feelings , and strong attachments ; and , therefore , if the bank or the castle had fallen into the hands of the rebels , if either the castle or the bank had been surprized , and taken , even if there had been nothing & of value in either , it would have , had a very bad effect on the feelings of the people of Ireland.—I shall not follow my noble friend in the papers and minutes to which he referred , but all I can say is , that the statement did not strike me as having much in it . I may be wrong ; ray noble friend may be right ; but nobody knows which of us is right ; therefore , —what ? therefore let the house inquire ; for that will be infinitely better than to depend upon assertions , unsupported by proof , in the speech of any minister , however respectable he may be as an individual.—I have shewn that my noble friend has suffered himself to be misled by defective information in one striking instance , and his other assertions may proceed from the same defective source . It has been said that the assertions of those who brought forward this subject were exaggerated . It has been said , and in one instance already proved , that the states merits on the other side are fallacious ; there fore let the house no longer rest on exaggerated statements on the one hand , or false construction or defective information on the other , but