zeal of Parliament and the people , to give to every department of the public force ample resources to meet the exigences , to avert the dangers of the present crisis , and to oblige the enemy to feel she vanity and wild-ness of the calculations which urged him to occasion that crisis ! denied that he ever meant to disparage the volunteers ; and said that his remarks upon the reduction of the army previous to the commencement of the war , referred to the disbanding of the foreign corps in our service , which was a proceeding that he would ever condemn.—After a few other remarks from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the bill was read a third time and passed . in pursuance of the 355 intimation he had given on a former evening , took the opportunity to deliver his sentiments with respect to topics of which the bill in question formed a part . He professed himself the friend of the volunteer system , which he thought , well regulated and applied , might be rendered of the most essential service to the country . It was not his intention to oppose tile present measure . The volunteer force was a great and desirable accession to the defence of the country , and what he had to trouble their lordships with should principally regard the application of such a force . He begged the attention of their lordships to some circumstances connected with a corps formed in that part of the country where he resided , and composed chiefly of his own tenants : these consisted of about 300 men . From the rank he had the honour to hold in his Majesty 's service , he could not be appointed to the command of the corps himself , but the lord lieutenant of the county had the goodness to appoint his son to that station . He , however , materially assisted in the drilling and disciplining of the corps ; indeed he had or could obtain no other assistance in the business than that of a Serjeant of marines and a corporal ; they were drilled , he believed , about eighteen times before they were inspected ; and the state of discipline and order to which they had attained at that period , was hardly to be credited ; they were , upon the whole , as fine a body of men as he would desire to see , and really belived he should as soon undertake to lead them against the enemy , as the brigade of guards which he had the honour to command in America , and which had so greatly signalized themselves in that country under Lord Cornwallis and other officers ; He was of opinion the . volunteers might be rendered of the most essential service ; but every thing should be done to conciliate them , and to keep up that military spirit and ardour with which , in general , they seemed actuated . Singular as it may appear , it was yet in the conviction of every man skilled in military tactics , that soldiers , particularly that description of them which composed the volunteers of this country , may be over-disciplined ; and it were obviously better to lead men rather minus in that respect , than in the least under the influence of discontent . The enthusiam of that part of the national force should be flattered as much as possible ; they should be as little harassed or fatigued as possible , and , above all , except in cases of direct necessity , care should be taken not to detach them from their homes and families : many of them were in such circumstances , that were they 356 taken from their families and occupations , the former must become parochially chargeable : the poor 's rates were severely felt at present , especially by the land-holders , and he alluded to the ill consequences which might possibly ensue in the event of their being materially increased . He was confident that on the occasion of actual service ,