, paid the same duties as if imported directly into Ireland . This was a departure from the old system in Ireland . There used to be a certain rate of duty retained in G. Britain upon foreign articles imported through this country into Ireland , therefore the duty was less than upon the articles coming directly into Ireland ; but this since the Union had been abandoned . He mentioned this , because the foreign column in the old schedule would not appear in the new one . It would be found in this schedule of rates , that many obsolete articles had been omitted , some articles were taken from the English book of rates , which were not in the Irish book.—So much as to the form of the schedule . The object of the schedule was a consolidation of the subsisting duties , and not an increase of revenue . He did not mean to say , that there was no increase upon some articles , and diminution upon others ; but the object of the schedule was not an increase of revenue , but a consolidation of the subsisting duties , with a view to the case of the merchant , and the better collection of the revenue . In cases where there were two duties upon articles , for instance of 6d . each , they were consolidated into the duty of Is . On some articles there were duties ad valorem , and rated duties , in which case the merchant was obliged to make a double entry . To prevent this trouble , the duty was brought to one denomination , viz . either an ad valorem duty or a rated duty.—Another thing to be observed was , that all fractions of a penny were charged to the nearest integer , that is to say , if the duty was l£d , it was reduced to 1d . 689 if it was a 1½ d. it was raised to 2d . The duties of customs were those subsisting under the following Acts , viz . the 10 Geo . 3d , the 41 Geo . 3d . c. 33 , which related to tea , coals , and sugar ; the 42 Geo . 3d . c. 117 , which was the 3½ . per cent . Act , laying duties upon the import of foreign articles into Ireland ; and the 43 Geo 3. c. 92 , imposing of 10 per cent . These Acts contained the whole of the import duties.—The second column contained the drawbacks relating to the transit trade of Ireland : he meant foreign articles imported into Ireland and then exported . The amount of this trade was very small , and did not ordinarily exceed 250,0001. or 300,0001. a year . Of this , 150,0001. consisted of the articles exported to G. Britain , tad the remainder to foreign countries . The principles adopted with regard to drawbacks , were two : the 1st . was a principle that prevailed in Ireland before the Union , which was a principle of a full drawback of all duties ; and so far as the duties of 1800 were consolidated , the old principle of drawbacks was adhered to . There was another principle of drawback , arising out of the Union ; it had been adopted by Parliament as a principle of sound policy , that whatever regulations either country might make internally , with regard to its trade , taxes , or manufactures , yet with regard to their trade with foreign countries , a principle of equality should be maintained as tar as it was practicable , in order to give both countries an equal chance for the transport of their produce and manufactures . The new duties laid on since the Union were not drawn back , because there were corresponding duties laid on in this country . In the last session there was a duty laid on in this country of 12½ per cent , winch as it was considered as a war tax was not drawn back : there was also a