conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , in adopting that system , going over nearly the same ground which had been traced , both on this and on former nights , by Mr. `` Windham , and by the learned doctor himself . It . had been the fashion , he said , for his Majesty 's ministers and their supporters , to endeavour to calumniate , and run down the characters of those men who have the honesty and the boldness to deliver their candid sentiments in that House , in opposition to the measures of ministers , which , they conceived to be impolitic ; regardless of that temporary popularity which ministers were so anxious to obtain from gratifying the whim of the moment without looking to future results . Of this illiberal disposition too many instances had been given with respect to the conduct of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , the purity of whose motives no man could question , and the ability of whose ; mind even his adversaries were forced to ; acknowledge ; but yet he was the subject of much undeserved censure , and extremely culpable misrepresentation . The latter , some persons out of doors seemed encouraged to promote ; and the effect of that 348 misrepresentation in the circles of the minister 's friends , was quoted in that House as an objection to his right hon . friend 's opinion A right hon . gent , on the other side of the House , whom he did not now see in his place ( Mr. H. Addington ) , had this night stated , in a very confident tone , that his right hon . friend was unpopular ; he had expressed his astonishment at the sedulous perseverance of his right hon . friend , in reprobating the volunteers , and asserted that every corner of the country echoed with censure , disapprobation , and disgust , at the conduct of his rt . hon . friend . What , he would ask , was the cry of unpopularity , even if it attached to a particular course of policy , to weigh with the mind of an enlightened statesman , to urge him to the abandonment of that course , against the conviction of his own judgment The idea was too ridiculous to be entertained . No sound politician could support it . That popularity was highly desirable , was an indisputable proposition , because it was , independently of other considerations , a powerful instrument for a politician to work with ; and , whatever the advocates of ministers might assert or insinuate , he would contend , that his right hon . friend did possess a very high degree of popularity , which was particularly owing to his opposition to the volunteer system . This fact he knew from his acquaintance with the sentiments of the people throughout the country , and particularly those of the more intelligent description . He said he was himself present when a large company , consisting principally of the friends of administration , drank that gentleman 's health , and made him the bearer of a complimentary message to him , for the part he had taken with regard to this subject . The learned member observed , that the company he alluded to was composed of men whose talents and characters were such as to entitle their opinion to respect—men to be esteemed by whom was indeed a flattering evidence of the popularity which his right hon . friend enjoyed ; and he could not help saying , that any people who could condemn the motives which manifestly actuated his right hon . friend , or who could not respect the line of public conduct which he had pursued , were incapable of understanding their own interests , were scarcely worthy to be served . Yet , however much he regarded public opinion , however much he respected popularity , he must observe , that too much was generally said in that House about following the sentiments of the people , for if the people