those who made it what it is In saying this , I am not actuated by any private or personal motives whatever : but I certainly should not be surprised if I was told , that in so frequently criticizing the military measures , my only object is to find fault with ministers ; for I have lately heard such things said in this House , respecting the motives of those who condemn their conduct , that I shall not hereafter , he much surprised at any thing that may be thought about my own . I was ? indeed , completely astonished , when , upon 965 a motion lately made for an inquiry into the conduct of the Irish government , we were told by a right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) , in the most unqualified terms , that the motion was a mere trick , contrived for the purpose of bringing together two or three discordant parties in opposition to his Majesty 's government . I was also no less astonished when , upon an inquiry into the state of the navy being moved for by a man , scarcely less distinguished for his incorruptible purity and immoveable fortitude , than for his extraordinary talents , we were told by the same right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , that his conduct smelt of a contract , or that he was acting under the influence of panic . For my own part , I am not disposed to call in question the motives of gent , on the other side of the House ; but I should be glad to know upon what grounds it is that his Majesty 's present ministers can be supposed to possess more vigour and fortitude than other men t I should be glad to know , since when it is that purity and patriotism have been confined to the precincts of the Treasury , or of Somerset-house : I should be glad to know , why those who uniformly support the measures of an administration , which nine-tenths of the thinking men of the country believe to be totally unequal to the direction of public affairs in the present emergency , are entitled to more credit for sincerity than those who openly avow in this House the same opinions which the great majority of the public entertains respecting them ? And that the great majority of the men of sense in the kingdom do consider the ministers to be unfit for their present situations , I believe to be the truth.—Sir , I am sorry to have been led into this digression : and , to return to the subject immediately before us , I must say , that whatever is good or admirable in the volunteer force , has sprung up and maintained itself , not only independently , but in despite of his Majesty 's ministers . What I admire in the volunteers , is that patriotic zeal and excellent spirit by which they are animated : but to what is it owing that this spirit was called forth ? It arose from a conviction that their country was in danger : and to whom are we indebted for having impressed this conviction on the public mind ? Is it to his Majesty 's ministers , who , actuated by a sort of Stock-exchange policy , did , as we well recollect , use their utmost endeavours to prevent its 966 being believed that we were in danger of the enemy 's effecting a powerful invasion ? Or was it not the salutary alarm which gave birth to this spirit of resistance , rather to be attributed to my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , whose patriotic labours in the two last sessions have been such as to deserve , and I hope to acquire for him , the gratitude of his country.—As to the manner in which his Majesty 's ministers have taken advantage of this spirit , which they did not rouse , and of those powers which Parliament put into their hands , I shall