the occasion came , the volunteers would be equal to encounter the soldiers of France . They must surely be equal , at least , to forced conscripts chained hand in hand . He felt that the stake at risk was great , but was confident that the volunteers would prove equal to the trial , and repel any force that could be brought against them . Were the danger even more pressing , we should not imagine , for a moment , they would shrink from their duty . I On these accounts he thought they should be encouraged , and officers of service should mix among them . One eminent officer had given a great example of this . General Harris , the commander of the Indian army at the siege of Seringapatam , had not thought it beneath him to accept ; the station of lieut.-col. of a corps of volunteers . He thought , however , that the proportion should have been greater in the maritime counties than in the inland . The policy in this was so clear , as to admit of no doubt , notwithstanding ministers had pursued a different course . With respect to this bill , he thought it contained many regulations which would tend to improve and meliorate that system ; and therefore he should give it his entire support . said a few words , but in BO low a tone as almost to be in- 1035 audible . His Grace spoke in favour of the volunteer system in general , without touching on the regulations immediately before the House . began by expressing his satisfaction that those who found it their duty to oppose the bill , were not now supposed to be enemies to the volunteer system . It would , indeed , be strange , that those who had used the utmost exertions to consolidate that system , should for a moment be considered as individuals who wished it to be dissolved , even under the present critical circumstances of the empire . No man , he would affirm , could entertain a higher idea than he did of the zeal , the energy , and the spirit of the people of England ; and no idea could be more monstrous than to suppose that 400,000 volunteers , who had stepped forward in defence of who liberties and independence of their country ; would not be found capable of the most important services . It was not that he doubted of the courage of the volunteers of England , but it was keeping in view , that those whom they were to encounter were troops of undoubted courage , and who had enjoyed the advantage of a degree of discipline obtained in not less than 12 campaigns , in which they were opposed to all the best disciplined troops in Europe . With the knowledge of the enemy to be opposed , it was undoubtedly the duty of ministers to have directed their principal attention to that description of force which was to be encountered . In the present bill , his Lordship declared that he saw not the slightest evidence of a regular military system . Since the commencement of the war , he had hitherto seen no evidence of a system adequate to the crisis in which we were placed , the various parts of which had any reasonable degree of relation or connection . What he had principally to object to the volunteer system , as it at present stood , was , that it had stood in the way of every other department of the national defence . The recruiting not merely of the regulars , but the filling up of the militia , had been materially affected by the provision which the bill now contained . A noble Lord had stated one fact , which effectually proved the assertion which he had submitted to their Lordships ' consideration . The fact to which he referred was , that in the county of Kent , at the breaking out of the war , there were not more them 37 individuals embodied 1036