they will do well to recollect , that 100 the mischief will be in their conduct ; and not in my statement , and I have felt it my peculiar duty to seize this opportunity of expressing my sense of the danger of their system , because we are still in time to anticipate it . For the reasons I have assigned , Sir , I shall not negative the bill ; I but I do most earnestly exhort and conjure his Majesty 's ministers , for the dignity and character of our proceedings , for the sake of constitutional precedent , and injustice , as , well as policy towards Ireland , to defer its further stager. , until sufficient parliamentary information , in respect to the situation of that part of the united kingdom , shall be furnished to the house . considered the greater part of the speech of the right hon . gent , to be directed more against the general conduct of the Irish government , than against ( he bill now before the House . The hon . member had thought proper to assert , that the affairs of Ireland did not occupy so great a share of the attention of government , or of the house , as their vast importance required . This was a very strong charge , but of the facts on which it was to be supported he professed himself to be totally ignorant . When the hon . member thought proper to give notice of a motion respecting the affairs of Ireland , and that motion came regularly before the house , he should be ready to meet any charges which were brought forward . Till this was done , he must content himself with giving the assertion a general denial . A charge of so important a kind would require strong evidence to support it , and he did not see the propriety of bringing it forward in a loose , unsupported manner . The hon . member had said , that it was particularly the duty of those who had voted for the union , to pay the utmost attention to the affairs of Ireland . For himself , he thought it equally the duty of all members to pay every possible degree of attention to this subject whenever it came to be fairly discussed , and he had no doubt that it would at all times receive the gravest and most mature consideration , such as its high importance was entitled to . A great deal had been said in the hon . gentleman 's speech about additional information . He wished to know of what description the information was which was required . The information before the house was , that the rebellion in Ireland had been suppressed , that measures of precaution were , however , indispensably necessary , more especially when it was considered that the enemy had avowed his de- 101 termination to avail himself of the insurrection of die disaffected to aid his designs of invasion both against this country and Ireland . These appeared to him simple , clear , and satisfactory grounds for the renewal of the bill , as the best measure of precaution which could be adopted . The hon . member , in reference to the late rebellion which broke out in the capital of Ireland , had thought proper to assert that the government was surprized , and that sufficient measures had not been adopted to pre vent this desperate attempt of a few enthusiastic individuals . He must now , and on every occasion where such an assertion was made , distinctly deny that the government of Ireland was in any degree surprized . It was equally remote from the truth , that proper measures of precaution find not been adopted . The measures of precaution consisted in a numerous and well appointed garrison . When he stated to the house , that there were on the night of the insurrection in Dublin four veteran regiments , besides the l6th reg . of light dragoons , one of the best appointed regiments in