three or four hundred thousand men armed and associated in defence of their country . But the effect of the argument of the right hon . gent , was to degrade the volunteers in their own eyes.—He did not say it was the intention of the right hon . gent , so to do , but it was the tendency , and if assented to , would be the effect of his observations.—No man could hear or read the words of the right , hon . gent , but must , if he gave credit to the observations , look upon the volunteer corps as a body of a very low estimation . But was that ail ? Let any one who heard the hon . gent , to night , or indeed at any time this session , ask himself , whether , if the volunteers had that respect for the opinion of the right hon . gent. , which his opinions in some other matters were entitled to , they would have confidence in themselves ? —Could they have any such confidence , if the language of Parliament , of these who had encouraged them to come out for the service of their country , was to be on the model of the right hon . gent. , and Parliament were to say to them— '' At best you will be little better than a rabble—you may depend upon it , no useful service can be expected of you . `` —Now , as to the corruption of which the right hon . gent , spoke , as being found in the volunteer corps , the right hon . gent. , in his predilection to finding fault with all volunteer corps , might have been able to find out some of them who had behaved improperly . But was it fair to argue against the whole of such an immense body as this , on account of the conduct of a few who might have disgraced themselves ? The persons to whom the right hon . gent alluded , had been a disgrace—to whom ? —to themselves ; but not to the whole corps of volunteers , who were as unconnected with those persons as possible , and stood as distinct from them , as they did from their faults . If the right hon . gent , took the character of the volunteer corps from the character of those who disgraced them , there was an end of every thing like reasoning upon human affairs : as well might the right hon . gent , go to the goal of New gate , and insist upon taking out of the cells there , characters from which to form a general opinion of human nature . This was only an error of the right hon . gent. , in his predilection to finding fault with the volunteer system—not that he himself would make a bad conductor of a volunteer system ; on the contrary , he 301 was persuaded , that if the right hon . gent . were to set his mind to it , no man would be more active , or heartily employed in forming a good volunteer corps than he would . But if he went and told them , `` You have made me a captain , and you are going to make me a colonel ; but if you ask me my opinion , I am of DO use to you , nor have I any opinion of you . I know , indeed , that I am an Englishman , and that I will run against a bayonet certainly . You must run too against a bayonet , but that is all we can do ; we have no skill to meet the enemy , we can only be destroyed . '' Why , if that was to be the language of the right hon . gent. , it would not be wonderful if the corps were to say , `` We do not like tills gentleman ; '' for if a man became an officer of such a corps ,