, they suddenly put a stop to the acceptance of offers , when they found that the exemptions , unnecessarily given , left no men for the ballot.—The next point in the papers was the indemnification for property taken by the enemy or lost . In that paper there was a paragraph well worthy of attention . In order to animate the inhabitants where the descent should be made , it was said , that it must , at the same time , be understood , that no indemnification was to be made for the property of such persons as were of age to aid the public service , and whose names were not on the roll , either as drivers , pioneers guides , & c.—Another point extremely inforesting , that of the election of officers , I had undergone a very useful discussion on the day on which the bill was introduced . The view was , whether the right existed ; another , Whether if it did exist , it Was prudent to continue it . The Secretary of State had clearly explained , that the right was at first exercised , but that he would have thought it his duty , if it were afterwards ? insisted upon , to advise his Majesty to refuse the services of the corps so insisting . The noble Lord ( Castlereagh ) who followed the Right hon . Secretary , on that occasion , with some little difference , maintained the same principle . But , in opposition to this , there were the public orders for the regulation of the pioneer corps , in which 535 it was established , that no corps should consist of less than 25 , nor more than 75 , that they should recommend their own leaders ; and , when the corps amounted to 50 , they were to have a captain in addition to the leader . The next point was , the inconsistency of government in increasing the volunteer force , by ( he acceptance of offers in every possible case . In the first instance , the volunteer force was to be increased by all possible means , where it had not reached a certain extent ; a few lines below , it was mentioned by way of encouragement , that 25 firelocks were deemed sufficient for drilling 100 men . No explanation had yet been given of the omission of ministers to provide arms . If we had been taken by surprise , there would have been some excuse ; but his Majesty 's ministers had seen all along the continued offences of the French government , and they had themselves commenced the war in consequence . Under these circumstances there was no excuse for not having the arsenals properly supplied . It could not have been regarded as a symptom of hostility by the French government to have the arsenals thus supplied.—The object of his Majesty 's ministers , with respect to the volunteer force , should have been to increase it as much a possible , without interfering with the ballots : not thinking of the probability of this interference in the outset , they found themselves embarrassed by it when they were not aware.—The right hon . gent . then proceeded to observe upon the circular letter of the 28th Sept. to the lords lieutenants of the counties , respecting the exemptions ; wherein it is expressly stated , that if any members of the corps shall neglect to attend at the proper times and places of muster , and exercise , then such members shall not be entitled to the exemptions allowed by the act , and to which members regularly attending , are justly entitled . By this letter it was manifest , that the system upon which ministers built so much faith , was full of incongruities and inconsistencies , or it could not have been necessary for the rt . hon . Sec . to resort to that mode of explaining the meaning of the intention of the legislature.—He then referred to the opinion given by the Attorney general upon the