the noble lord , under the present circumstances , to withdraw the motion.—Lord King , after a few words in explanation , consented to withdraw his motion.—When one or the subsequent clauses was come to , again rose , and made some general observations upon the injurious effects of excessive issue of paper in Ireland , as well in reference to the course of exchange , as the depreciation of the currency . Under these impressions , he proposed the introduction of a clause tending to set a limit to the issue of paper by 'he Bank of Ireland : his clause would go to fix the limit of the paper issue to the amount it was on the 25th of Nov. last , the latest period to which the accounts were made up : this would give room even for an excessive issue , as it was upwards of 2,900,000l . which was 300,000l . more than what it was in the year 1802 He entered into calculations respecting the injurious effect the increased issue had on the state of the exchange , and concluded by moving a clause to the above effect . deemed it his duty to resist the adoption of the clause proposed by the noble lord , against which he argued , chiefly on the ground of the impropriety of legislating on such a principle , in bills of the description of that before the House . It would go to legalize and to sanction the issue of paper to a particular amount , to a degree beyond what the legislature could intend to do in such a case ; and further , it would be giving an express opinion on the part of the legislature , as to the precise amount to which the issue of bills should extend . Under the present circumstance 's , he thought it would be preferable to trust to the discretion of the bank directors , which he thought would be soundly used , and their issue regulated according to circumstances , which was the case with the Bank of England , sometimes more and sometimes less ; fluctuating in their issues , with a reference to existing circumstances . Such a provision was the less necessary , when the controlling powers of the clauses in the bill alluded to in an early part of the discussion , were considered . He hoped the noble lord did not mean to press the clause . said , be did not mean then to give any opinion upon the points under discussion . He entertained a favourable opinion of the Irish Bank directors , who he trusted would not make an improper use of the discretion vested in them ; but he 718 thought it would be best to wait until the result of the pending inquiry was known , and not to take any legislative step which , may have the appearance of prejudging the question.—Lord King shortly explained his reasons for wishing to adhere to his proposition . The question thereon was put , and negatived . The remaining parts of the bill were then agreed to by the committee , and the House resuming , ordered the report to be received to-morrow . brought up a bill for making provision for widening the entrance into the City of London by way of Temple Bar , for erecting buildings at Snow-hill , and for raising further sums of money on the credit of the Orphan 's Fund , for that purpose . Read a first and ordered to be read a second time.—The Scotch creditors bill was read a third time , passed , and ordered to be carried to the lords on the motion of Mr . Win . Dundas.—Mr . Corry moved the order of the day for the House to go into a committee of the whole House , to consider of the Irish revenue acts , as far as they related to Salt , Hops , and Coals . The House being in a committee accordingly , Mr. Corry briefly stated , that the duty on Salt which was now to be proposed ,