to a committee , in order that the merits of it may be tried . said , he felt himself hound to vote for the affirmative of the question now before the House ; and it did appear to him to be a question of infinite importance , and much beyond the point of the merits of the case . The House was now hitting in its judicial , and not in its legislative character . That House , although a supreme court of judicature , was as much bound , by the law of the land , as she meanest court in the land , and indeed it was more dangerous for such a high court to do any thing contrary to law ; than any other court , on account of the example of it . Now , considering this question as a lawyer , he could not say there was much doubt upon it . He was sorry , indeed , that the objection had occured , for it might deprive the freeholders of the county of Middlesex of redress in this case ; but whatever right they might have , and however they might he infringed upon with impunity , it was better to surfer that inconvenience and adhere to the general rules of law , whatever might be the effect of such rules in a particular instance , than to bend such rules to suit the rule to any motion , real or imaginary , of she substantial justice of any particular case . A great deal had been said on the equitable construction which ought to be put upon this statute . He did not assent to this doctrine , for he conceived that all acts of parliament should be construed with 406 strictness by that court which was to judge of its own power as it was derived under such acts . He had heard it said , that nothing which was done by Parliament could be undone by any power but that of Parliament , and Parliament might be induced to do something in this very case if the petition should be rejected : but that had nothing to do with the present question ; and , as to an equitable construction of an act of parliament , especially when proposed to that House in judging of its own power under it , he objected to the principle altogether , because equitable constructions were very vague in their nature , and what appeared equitable to one man might appear quite unjust to another , and therefore it would be extremely dangerous to construe acts of parliament upon the vague notions of equitable construction , on the determinations of the House , upon questions relating to the extent of its own power . As to what had ; been said on the subject of precedents , he did not assent to it , for they appeared not to have been in force more than sixteen years , nor were they uniform , for there might be twenty instances , even in that time , of petitions being different from those which had been quoted . He had looked into many upon this subject lately , and the result of his research entitled him to say this upon the current of precedents upon this subject . He agreed it was not necessary that the petition should state , in express terms , that they had or claimed the right of voting at the election of which they complained ; but then he insisted on it , that it must be collected from the petition somewhere , that the petitioners either had , or claimed to have , a right to vote at the election of which they complained , otherwise mere strangers might complain as well as electors , a grievance which the legislature intended to prevent . Precedents were well enough to be resorted to , if the act of parliament was dark , or obscure ; in such a case it would be well enough to look to former decisions ; but if the act of parliament was clear , whatever number