secure in its stability ? The ultimate security of the paper issued by the country banks now established in every corner of this island might be as perfect as that of the Bank itself The facility which they give in ordinary times to the commercial transactions of the country is unquestionable . But no man can look without the most serious apprehension at , the temporary effect which the first moment of actual invasion might produce on those , local establishments ; at the extent to which such an evil might spread ; or at the consequences which it might produce , in a country whose circulation is almost entirely composed of paper . To represent this danger to Parliament , even if no remedy for it occurred to the person stating it , would not only be a blameless , but a laudable and proper discharge of public duty . When the subject was brought under the consideration of Parliament and the public , if 309 its importance engaged their attention , the wisdom and experience of men much more conversant than he pretended to be , would doubtless suggest every remedy or precaution which the nature of the case admitted ; suggestions which might well escape the researches of individuals far superior to him in knowledge or ability . But if the subject should continue to be wholly disregarded , overlooked by negligence , or put out or sight by hopeless despondency , the evil would corns upon us at the last ; it would overtake us in the midst of difficulty and distress , when precaution would be too late , and remedy impossible he therefore earnestly recommended , after the recess , if it could not be done before , that Committees might be named by Parliament , to take this subject into the most serious and attentive consideration . To such Committees it would naturally belong to suggest those remedies , which , on full discussion and consultation with men experienced in such matters , might appear most practicable and useful . Any suggestions of his would in the present moment be premature , and certainly must be in a great measure crude and undigested . Bat ho by no means despaired of seeing the most beneficial consequences result from such an investigation . Two objects it would naturally have in view . The first to reintroduce into the circulation of the country such a quantity of coin as might at least suffice for the ordinary dealings of life ; that coin which was now vanished by the excessive issues of paper of all descriptions , no longer checked by the natural limitation , that of being immediately convertible into cash . The next object naturally would be , to provide , as far as possible , for the stability and credit , even during the existence of actual invasion , of such paper as would still continue to circulate . These objects would both of them , as he apprehended , best be obtained , by recurring , not suddenly nor abruptly , but by well considered gradations , and with every possible attendant precaution that the wisdom of man could devise , to that first principle by which alone paper issues can be limited , and on which it alone can securely rest , namely , the power of their immediate conversion into cash . He spoke on this subject with all the distrust of his own opinion , which lie ought to feel ; but at least he spoke not without much consideration of the question ; and the conviction of his own mind was , that this was the end to be kept invariably in view , to be accelerated as could be found consistent with prudence and due regard to public safety , and to be considered as the only fundamental cause of 310 the evils now felt or apprehended . With respect to the paper , if resting on a solid foundation of ultimate solvency , it might be provided for by some mutual guarantee , so far removed from the scene of immediate alarm , as to place