subject . If it were possible to afford any Parliamentary relief to Ireland , he was sine there was no person more able to point it out than the right hon . gent , to whom he alluded.—He did not agree with those who thought that no advantage could result from the appointment of committees of this kind , for if they were not able to suggest every practical measure that could be adopted , at least they pot the House in possession of facts that could be depended upon , and upon which they might from their judgment.—With regard to the state of exchange of Ireland , for the last 5 years , mote money had flowed into Ireland from this country , than had been drawn from it , in consequence of the lo ins which she had made in this country , and the balance of trade , if carefully examined , would not , he was sure , be found to be against Ireland . Therefore , it was not a real exchange against Ireland , but a depreciation of her paper , because if a person were to pay a hundred pounds in Ireland , in Bank of England notes , or a hundred guineas , he would obtain a draft upon England for the whole amount , without any deduction . With regard to the bill before the House , he should give his vote for going into the committee , because , in the present situation of affairs , he did not see how the restriction could be taken off the Bank of Ireland . was against the bill , considering the present circumstances of both countries . When the restriction of the Bank of England was first laid on . the notes issued by it amounted to between 6 and 700,000 , but now they amounted to more than 2 millions . The difficulty would be greater now to the Bank it the restriction were taken off ; but whilst it was to be taken into consideration , on the one hand , the loss which the Bank of Ireland would sustain by resuming payment in specie ( and in which case it ought to have the assistance of the 710 government ) , so , on the other hand , it ought to be seriously weighed , the enormous loss which is sustained by the whole of the people of Ireland , by the considerable depreciation of their paper money . It was impossible to calculate the vast extent of the mischief which was occasioned by this circumstance . The incomes of the people of Ireland were already lowered ten per cent , and this alone was a greater injury than any which the Bank of Ireland could sustain , by resuming its payments . Besides which , it ought to be considered , the corporation of the bank must feel an interest in what so nearly concerns the welfare of the whole people of Ireland . In Gt . Britain , although Parliament has restrained the issue-of coin from the bank , yet it has put no restraint on the medium of circulation between one part of the kingdom and another ; but , for the people of Ireland , no common medium is provided , by which they can carry on their commerce with facility ; this was felt by Ireland , as a great evil , and he thought it was incumbent upon Parliament to provide a remedy . A noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) had admitted the existence of the evil , but it was with concern he heard him speak so doubtfully as to the practicability of the remedy This did not sound like the language of an ; able statesman and politician ; for it was the duty of such to seek for , and to apply such remedy as the exigency of the case might require.—The present bill , his lordship was convinced , would only prolong the cause and increase the effect . For the first time , it was continued during the war , and not made annual , as former bills