, but he owned he thought the summary power of other punishment might be more effectual than the fines themselves.—After some further conversation , the clause of the Secretary of State was received and agreed to , as were all his other clauses . After which Mr. Pitt proposed his clauses , which , he said , he submitted to the committee without saving any thing in their behalf at present . The first clause for providing for the fines being read , thought , as a permanent system , the clause a very wise one , but doubted whether it was advisable to adopt it at the present moment under all circumstance , He was afraid it might be , under all the circumstances , endeavouring to do too much ; it was better , perhaps , to do a little less , although the system was defective , than by endeavouring to make it perfect , possibly in some measure to overturn it . He was afraid of proceeding too far upon the compulsory system with volunteers ; that might be reserved in case his Majesty should call forth his subjects under the compulsory enrolment . suggested , that much of the , objections which seemed to be misnamed 834 against too much of the compulsory system being applied to volunteers might be done away , by making a distinction between those receiving pay , and those who did not . He thought , upon a moderate computation , the system he proposed would improve the military discipline of 150,000 men in a very short time ; an object well worth attending to at this important crisis : and this he meant as applicable to those who might not come forward , under an invitation , to put themselves on permanent duly , which , after all was the very best way to make them good soldier . This was a matter not to be neglected , for we might look for the event in which we should have to resist the enemy , in the course of a few weeks at farthest ; now he could have no hesitation in saying that might be done effectually by the volunteers , discreetly mixt with the forces of the line ; and to do so effectually , care should be taken of the improvement of the volunteers in their discipline . Pie felt this so forcibly , that he must press it upon the House . agreed with the Attorney General upon this subject , that it was dangerous to try to accomplish too much in the system of military exercise of the volunteers ; but he thought the volunteers had already made great progress in that matter . It was supposed that 25 days would be sufficient to instruct them tolerably : now , there were hardly any of them who had not been instructed for 40 , and some of them for more than 60 days He was persuaded that Parliament had acted wisely in giving the volunteers an opportunity of acting as they have , and be could not help thinking that the degree of discipline they had acquired already , would afford us all a degree of confidence , not only in their further improvement , but also warrant our reliance on their sufficiency to meet any veterans of the enemy . He conceived , that at this moment , the volunteers had attained such a degree of discipline as no one at the time of their first establishment had any idea of , nor even at the time when the first volunteer bill was introduced ; and he owned that he contemplated with astonishment , as well as satisfaction , the degree of perfection at which the volunteer system was now arrived , and this justified the hope that a very large portion of the volunteers of England , mixed with the regular troops , were fit to meet the veteran troops of France , and that our meeting of them so would give us nothing short of hope and full confidence of immediate success . But he did entertain strong doubts of the