for the regulation of the volunteer institution , it will net be improper to say a few words respecting the use and purposes of such an institution , the history of its original formation , the actual circumstances in which it is now placed , the inconveniencies which are admitted to exist , and others which , though held cut as inconveniencies , could not be proved such in point of law and of fact . While I enter on these topics , it is of course , at the same lime , my object to point out the remedies which appear most applicable to existing defects , and the improvements which are conceived to be the most adapted to complete the perfection of an establishment at all times useful , but more peculiarly important at a crisis when the fate of the whole empire is involved . These remedies are to be obtained , and these improvements are to be effected , by a very simple process . They are such remedies as depend on the implied prerogative of the sovereign , or they are such improvements as are fully within the reach of the legislature . As to the nature and purposes of the volunteer establishment , it will net be necessary for me to take up much of the time of the House . It is hardly necessary for me to advert to the present situation of the country , to the present enormous aggrandisement of French power , contrasted with the humiliated condition of the rest of the continent of Europe . Even with reference to a defensive system , it will not , I believe , be contended by any gentleman , that a larger additional military force is not necessary than many former period of our history , Great and powerful as our navy now is , it Would be improvident and criminal in the I highest degree , to trust to the exertions of our sailors the defence of the United Kingdom . We have to consider the immensity of coast which was to be guarded . This was an extent of no less than 2 500 miles ; and with such a compass of territory to protect , it behaved us to use all those means of protection which were placed in our hands . While I admit that the navy of this country , however powerful and victorious as it has long been , is not adequate to the protection of our coasts against a roost inveterate enemy ; it is , at the same time , necessary to declare , that we have not the means of keeping up such a regular army as can at all secure the protection of Great-Britain and Ireland against fie menaced invasion of a most formidable power . In a military point of view , perhaps , the regular force of the country could , tinder particular arrangements , and by the 428 observance of the most rigid economy , be augmented to a certain extent . I do not , however , think , that the regular force , now amounting to about ninety-thousand , could be augmented to any very considerable amount , if any regard was to be paid cither to views of constitutional liberty , or any considerations of financial resources . Deficiencies in our regular military establishment may and will be filled up , bat the augmentation to our regular standing force , can not be expected to be of such a nature as to weigh much in the scale . At present the militia of Ireland amounted to 18,000 , and , during the late war , they were more numerous by nearly 2000 . With respect to this part of the national establishment in that part of the United kingdom , I certainly can entertain no wish of any augmentation . On the other hand , a large proportion of the regular army from this country , is necessary for the protection of this part of the empire , against intestine commotion or foreign attack . Under these circumstance , Sir , it became a matter of