entirely of the opportunity of discussing the propriety of those exemptions which deprived us of an armed peasantry , and if the hon . baronet 's clause was not to be brought forward on another night , he would offer his observations now . said it would be extremely convenient for the House , before proceeding 669 farther , to understand what was the mode to be adopted . He had no difficulty in saying that the convenience of gentlemen would be suited if the amendments were brought in , and the House put in possession of the clauses , if it did not interpose too long a delay to the progress of the measure . It had been the custom to agree to clauses and amendments pro forma , and afterwards to recommit them for the observations of others . But he hoped that before the committee closed , or before the House separated , he should have an opportunity of stating the substance of his own amendments , not pledging himself to move them , nor even to state them , if the amendments of the right hon . gent , met his objects . explained the object of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) which , was to consult the convenience of the House . His right hon . friend would still hear what he had to offer in the nature of amendment , and others would be at liberty to say how far these amendments met their views . said , he should not press his amendment after what had been said ; but he thought it would be no breach of faith to take away from the volunteers , what was never given to them.—The proposed amendment was then withdrawn.—A further explanation took place betwixt Mr. Pitt and Mr. Yorke , the result of which was , that the right hon . Sec . of State should generally explain the nature of his amendments , and that Mr. Pitt should he permitted to put the House in possession of the scope of his intended improvements . said , if he understood the wish of the committee , it was , that the clauses he had to propose should be received pro forma , and that he should state his view of the provisions suggested by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , with his reasons why he thought some of those ought not to be inserted in the present bill . He set out upon the basis , that the volunteer system must at present be preserved , that it would be unwise at the present moment to lay it aside , but that it must be rendered as effectual as possible . He thought that a great deal of misconception had taken place with respect to the volunteers . The volunteer system had arisen out of the Defence Act ; by that act his Majesty was empowered to call out the classes , in case a sufficient number of volunteers did not come forward , or to fill up any part of the system that might be done away , but he was of opinion , that that act ought to remain in reserve , to be only executed in case there was a necessity 670 for it , as it was certainly much better that what was wanted should be effected by the volunteer system of the country than by compulsion.—Many opinions had been , thrown out , that the voluntary system was not carried to that extent which it might have been , and some gent . were of opinion , that clauses ought to be introduced for that purpose . He wished to state the necessity there was , that they should not attempt to do too much in the way of regulations . He asked gent , to consider under what regulations the volunteers at present subsisted , and what had been done upon that subject . The act of 1794. did no more than enable his Majesty to accept corps , to grant exemptions from the militia ballots , and to make