lord should be adverse to any plan or measure , for the suppression of rebellion . On the other hand , it was a very serious matter to vote for measures of such magnitude as those now before the House , independent of all evidence of their necessity . At this moment , the only official information which the House had of the state of Ireland , was contained in his Majesty 's speech from tire throne . He desired their lordships to consider what was the effect of the information so communicated . Why , the fact was , that four months after what the noble Secretary of State had been pleased to call the transaction of the 23d of July , his Majesty 's ministers had advised his Majesty , in his speech from the throne , to assure Parliament , that , since that time , there had been no appearance 252 of insurrection , but that , on the contrary , Ireland had remained in a state of undisturbed tranquillity . How far this was an accurate view of the state of Ireland , he had not tire means of ascertaining . This , however , he had to observe , that it was the only official knowledge since the 23d of July , laid before Parliament , relative to the present state of Ireland . It was worthy of observation , however , ' the language used respecting this transaction . On the one hand , it was represented as a most formidable conspiracy ; while , on the other , it was described as a most contemptible riot . How were their lordships to judge amidst such contrariety of statements ? How were they to judge of the necessity of measures , the necessity of which could only be judged of by an accurate knowledge of the circumstances on which the bills were founded ? Their lordships must see that they were proposed on grounds very different from any that had hitherto been brought forward . In proof of this , he needed only to refer back to the circumstances under which they were introduced at former periods . At their first introduction into the Parliament of Ireland , their lordships were aware that rebellion actually raged in the country that armies were levied by the insurgents , who disputed with the troops of his Majesty the possession of the island . After the experience of such circumstances , the bills had been repeatedly renewed by the local legislature of Ireland . How did the matter stand at the commencement of the first session of the United Parliament ? By the local legislature the duration of the bills was limited to the twenty-fifth of March . At that time , certain circumstances which would be in the recollection of their lordships , but which it was not now necessary for him particularly to explain , prevented the necessity of any inquiry being instituted , as to tire propriety of renewing the bills . It was judged , however , and in his opinion very properly , that it was not giving too much credit to the local legislature to allow them on their authority to be renewed for a short period . The bills were accordingly renewed on the same grounds . But what was the course which Parliament immediately thought it expedient to adopt ? A Secret Committee of both Houses was appointed , and it was not till the report of these Committees was produced , that the legislature re-enacted the bills . So far , generally , he must be allowed to say , that no evidence of the necessity of either of the bills was laid before Parliament.—He wished to make some observations more particularly calculated to explain his objections to 253 the Martial Law Bill . In the outset of the few observations which he had thrown out to their lordships , he had remarked that the noble lord who began the discussion , had not been altogether correct in mixing the question of the renewal of both the bills . As to the bill for the renewal of