the powder-mill or magazine on the 16th . The fact is , that General Fox had been absent on a military tour . He arrived in Dublin late on the 21st , so that he did not receive the letter and communicated papers till that day . But , in truth. , what is it to 784 have communicated such intelligence with out adding the view in which the matter appeared to them on the spot , and whose business it was to examine such matters . It is perfectly well known , that to communicate a mass of papers without pointing out the mode in which the circumstances they state may or may not be founded , according to previous information or observation , is communicating just nothing at all , and is worse than no intelligence . Next day , the 22d , the lord lieutenant wrote to General Fox , saying there was nothing new , and expressing a wish that the General would call at the lodge on Saturday upon his other business . Nothing was said or written to enable General Fox , who had been absent , to judge what importance was attached to the explosion of the 10th . Of what use , in God 's name , was it to send such communication , unless the commander in chief was expected to do something on it ? And had he any reason to suppose that the government expected he should do any thing ? The informant ion of Mr. Clarke , on Thursday , though ; afterwards repeated on Friday , should have ; been communicated to General Fox with the weight that belonged to it . But nothing was done that indicated that government attached importance to the information they had received , or expected the commander in chief to do any thing in consequence of it . Is it then fair to say , that the commander in chief had the same information as lord Hardwicke ? The latter had been more than two years in Ireland . He had an opportunity of observing the state and the sentiments of the people , and had 60 , OOOl . a year to spend in secret service money , to I procure intelligence . He was able there- : fore , or ought to have been able , to discriminate information , and to distinguish true from false . The commander in chief had been in Ireland only about six weeks . He had been absent on a military tour , and had no secret service money to facilitate information , nor was it his business to attend to the I detail and examination of its results How , then , was Gen. Fox to know whether the information received was important , but from the impression it made on those in the habit receiving and criticizing it ? When he saw that no information was sent to the lord mayor of the intended rising , that the lord lieut . went to the Phoenix Park , unless indeed for the purpose of leaving it empty , and that the rebels should find nothing in it , how could he imagine that the information was of a serious nature ? what else could he I have concluded , than that Lord Hardwick ? 785 did not believe the intelligence received ? The right hon . gent , has read a letter from the lord Heat , to Gen. Fox , written on the evening of Saturday . At first I thought that the letter must contain something which shewed that the lord lieut believed that a serious rising would take place : but , in fact , it states nothing more than that the lord lieut . had received a communication from Col. Aylmer , and which neither the Col. himself , nor Lord Hardwick seemed to attach much credit to . In fact , if the lord lieut . did believe that a rising W3S 10 take place , why did he leave the Castle and go to the Phoenix Park ? Surely , if there was danger , his