and they were foreign oils and foreign hops , the latter he conceived ought to be admitted ' to be imported free of duty . also expressed his thanks to the rt . hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , for the attention he bestowed upon every suggestion or objection that was made to him . But there were some 812 points in which he still did not approve of this schedule . In the first place , he agreed with the hon . gent . ( Col. Hutchinson , ) with regard to what he had said about the importation of foreign herrings ; but the subject to which he wished principally to advert , was the importation of the article of deals into Ireland . He was sorry to find there was an increased duty upon that article . The peasantry of Ireland had of late expressed a wish to have their cottages slated instead of thatched ; this disposition he thought ought to be encouraged , because he knew that several villages were actually forced into the rebellion , by the threat of having their cottages burnt , which could be easily accomplished while they were covered with thatch . He therefore really hoped that this duty would not be increased . approved of the schedule in general , but wished merely to advert to the increased duty in grocers licences . He did not know upon what ground that duty had been increased , and he did not think if it was persisted in that it would be productive of any increase of revenue . after expressing the satisfaction he felt at the approbation which had been expressed of his conduct by so many members from that part of the United Kingdom , proceeded to answer the different objections which had been made . He said that though these duties were now to be voted without limitation , they would of course be liable hereafter to revision , alteration , or repeal , and therefore he hoped that no apprehension would be entertained upon the idea that these taxes were to be voted permanently.—Another observation he wished to make was , that all the duties laid on in Ireland , to correspond with war duties laid on in this country , would of course cease as soon as the war ceased , and the duties were taken off in this country.—With regard to the provision trade of Ireland , it certainly did languish , but he hoped it was only for a time ; the fact was , that the war-demand had ceased and the peace-demand had not begun , which was a reason for a temporary diminution of the trade ; but he had no doubt but that war would soon revive , particularly as there was a large army maintained in Ireland and a large fleet on the coast , and-the consumption of provisions by them would at least compensate for the temporary decrease of the foreign trade.—With regard to the drawbacks on sugar , they certainly ought to be the same in both countries , and if there were any instances in which from any mistake they were not so , they would be rectified.—With respect to the leather trade , he 813 did not conceive that any reduction of the duty was necessary , because it had continued to prosper , and he believed those who were engaged in it were perfectly satisfied . With regard to the duty upon the importation of foreign herrings , he could not agree will the hon . gent , that it ought to be reduced ; the duty was 6s . 7d . a barrel , and under that duty the trade had increased , and he was sure it would not be denied that Parliament ought to adopt every means to encourage our own fisheries . With regard to tobacco , the reason why it could only be shipped on board vessels of certain size was , because it was necessary , in order to prevent its being smuggled into the little creeks and harbours ot Ireland in small vessels which