occupied the serious attention of his Majesty 's ministers ; but while he made this avowal , he wished to be understood , as by no means committing himself with respect to the introduction of any specific measure upon the subject . said , that if he had been present at the second reading of the bill , he should have thought it his duty to have urged , at some length , those arguments of justice and policy which struck his mind forcibly , as militating against the principle of the bill . The present not being the regular time for discussing the general principle , he should say very little on that part of the subject . He could not , however , avoid expressing his surprize , that a measure of this importance should be so much treated as a matter of course ; that the bill should be read twice within two days after it had been sent from the other House , and that it should have been read for the second time without any previous notice , and without even the usual formality of a few introductory remarks from one of his Majesty 's ministers . No inquiry was instituted ; no reason was assigned for the passing of the bill , nor was any information laid before the House to prove the expediency of persevering in a system , which violated all general principles ] and could only be justified by the most urgent necessity . Some very strong reasons ought surely to be assigned for continuing , to a distant and indefinite period , a measure which had not been found necessary in former wars , nor at any period prior to the year 1797 , when the restriction was first adopted . It was at that time acknowledged to be a measure of the most questionable nature , and open to the most dangerous abuses . It was now asserted by ministers , and the partisans of the Bank , that die privilege had not been abused , and that no public inconvenience had been experienced . His lordship thought , that it was a great deal too much to take all this for granted , and that it ought , prior to a continuance of the measure , to be made the subject of inquiry . He was convinced , for his own part , that the contrary was the fact ; and , though die abuse had not been flagrant or excessive , that the Bank had yielded , in a certain degree , to the temptation , and extended the quantity of their notes beyond the proper limits . By the present measure , the interest of the Bank was put in opposition to its duty ; and in such a competition it was not difficult to conjecture which principle was likely to prevail among a commercial body . Whilst the measure was recent , the Directors appeared to have conducted themselves with great prudence ; but since the end of the year 1708 , there was reason to believe , that they had uniformly , though in different degrees , been guilty of a breach of their trust . He proceeded to slate shortly the principles upon 154 which this opinion was founded . An excessive multiplication of Bank Notes , so long as they can not be exchanged for specie , had precisely the same effect as a debasement of the current coin ; and as the bullion price of silver was the most accurate test of the purity of a coinage , it was the best standard of the degree of depreciation produced by an excessive paper currency . In ordinary circumstances the bullion price of silver seldom much exceeded the mint price , or 5s . 2d . per ounce , or if there was any occasional excess , it was not of long continuance . But , since the year 1798 , it had uniformly exceeded that price , being at some periods ( in 1800 and 1801 ) 5s . 11d . and 6s . At present it was 5s . 8d