have not exposed it to other dangers ; finally , whether we had not better trust to an armed peasantry to resist an enemy , that every moment is acquiring additional vigour and strength . I repeat , I do not profess the skill and knowledge of an officer , but I do not think there is that mystery in the military service which may not be learned by men determined to he instructed and improved under the discipline of general officers , with the assistance of being inspected and brigaded . What has already been done ? Was there any power in any officer to bring the volunteers in the field to be brigaded at all ? Yet we have seen with what readiness they have come forward . As there was nothing in the formation of the corps that entitled any one to call out a single volunteer , with his musket on his shoulder , except his own officer , what reason is there to suppose that they will not all shew the same alacrity they have done , if they should feel that it would he for their advantage ? I have only o add , that if government give proper directions to those small bodies of men , who have no field officers at the public expense , I see of reason why the system may not he improved . The question is , whether we are to retard our steps , repent of what we have done , make a new system of defence , and disparage the efforts of our volunteers by the adoption of such language in Parliament as has been used this night ? rose in explanation : he did not mean , he said , that the field officers whom he proposed to add to volunteer corps , should be placed over the commanders , but should be subordinate to them.—As to the circumstance of a commanding officer 's applying to his corps for their consent , it never entered into his contemplation . He had heard that night , for the first time , of a committee for the regulation and management of corps , and he had heard it with regret , as he conceived that such corps could never be well disciplined , and could never be made either useful or energetic . With respect to the corps which he had the honour to command , the fact was , that whatever superiority of discipline it had acquired , it went in support of his suggestion , as it was entirely to be attributed to the assistance of regular officers of ability , whose exertions had been unremitting in bringing the corps to that state of discipline . declared that , he never heard such an extravagant speech from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , even when he was a minister , as he had delivered this evening ; men seldom improved in extra 297 vagance after they had been deprived of power ; but such seemed to be the case with the right hot . gent . ; however , with respect to the right hon . gentleman 's sentiments upon the subject of the volunteers , it appeared that after a great variety of distinctions and super-distinctions , his object was to depreciate that force , of whom two of the most skilful and gallant officers in the British service , had spoken in the highest terms of praise ; the one . Lord Hutchinson , stating his opinion , that they would overwhelm a French army , if directed to a vigorous and prompt attack , similar to that which the suddenly raised levies of the his made upon the first detachment of the French troops : this noble lord said , that if invaded , the contest with the invader must be short , and he would slake his life upon the sue of such an assault ; the observation of Ford Moira to the Scotch volunteers , was well known . Indeed , the opinions of these two celebrated generals , were those of all experienced men