strength to his Majesty 's government in Ireland , to enable them to meet and put down the efforts of treason and rebellion with vigour and effect . His Majesty , in his gracious speech from the throne , has acquainted the house that the principal actors in the late atrocious insurrection have been brought to justice , and that the deluded multitude are returning to a sense of their duty ; it is , therefore , essential to give such powers to his government in that country as will enable them to maintain the tranquillity so happily restored . Besides , the manner in which the Irish government have used the extraordinary pow- 74 ers given in the last session , is the best security that the same powers will not be abused in the present instance . No gentleman . I am sure , will object to the motion of the right hon . Secretary , if he calls to mind the manner in which the rebellion was ; conducted up to its breaking out , the circumstances of atrocity with which it was then carried on , the manner in which it was put down , and the effect that the first burst of it had on the public mind . The conduct of the Irish government has been characterised by humanity and mildness . Its great object has been to pass over the circumstances of former insurrections , and to extend the benefit of the ordinary course of justice to the guilty , and that , too , at a time when traitors had returned from France , for the purpose of exciting rebellion in the country . I am , therefore , of the opinion , that the proposed measures are necessary for maintaining tranquillity . As to the other topic which has been adverted to on the first day of the session , as well as on the present occasion , I have ever entertained but one , and only one opinion , and that is , that something should be done , but I do not consider this the proper time for entering upon the question . said , that he was not unwilling to give his consent to the motion , trusting in the assertion of the right hon . gent ( Mr. Yorke ) , that the necessity actually existed for the renewal of an act which in its preamble stated `` the spirit of rebellion and insurrection to be now actually raging in Ireland . '' His hon . friend , ( Gen. Loftus ) had said , that a time of war and of danger was not the moment for entering into any question affecting the constitution of Ireland . He begged leave to recall to the memory of his hon . friend , and of his Majesty 's ministers , ( he was sure it was unnecessary to recall it to the memory of his noble friend , Lord Castlereagh , opposite to him ) that during a period of war and a moment of danger very nearly equal to that which now threatens the country , the House of Commons had passed a measure of no less importance than the Act of Union . could not help feeling some surprise , that any doubt could exist as to the propriety of the time for improving the condition of so important a member of the empire . He meant , however , to make only a few observations on the subject of the motion . To ascertain the situation of that part of the empire it was scarcely necessary to advert to the situation of its capital , in which every inhabitant was obliged to place a list of all 75 the inmates of his house on his door . In such circumstances there could scarcely a doubt exist of the propriety of making some efforts to establish the tranquillity of the country upon some solid and per ma meat grounds . It had been said that this was not the proper time ; but the noble lord would ask , what would be a better time ?