privileges to the great mass of the population of the country , which , by the former laws , were only claimable by persons under peculiar circumstances . The lamentable result of this principle , he might say of general exemption , was , that the recruiting service , whether for the army , or even tor the militia , was completely cut up both root and branch ; and all the vigour and activity of the country were protected and locked up , as it were , from the defence of the empire , at the most momentous crisis in which it . was ever placed . Three fourths , at least , of the people , of such part of them as would have enrolled themselves in the militia , or enlisted into r-he army , were , by the ill-considered measure of the I lib of August , sheltered against that prerogative , almost coeval with the monarchy , of being required , in time of peril , to come forward in defence of their country . The hon . member called emphatically on his ministers and particularly on 467 the Secretary of State , to recover that high ground on which they stood previous to the 11th of August . He called on them to unfetter the hardy and gallant population of the country , and to subject very man , indiscriminately , to be required to contribute every exertion he was capable of to defend the constitution . He even wished to see the good old system revived as practised in the reign of Henry the Eighth , when the flower of the English youth was to be seen on the sabbath day exercising with the bow and arrow , and the other military weapons then in use . This was a duty to which they were compellable by particular statutes ; and he could see no great impropriety at the present day , of compelling every man capable of bearing arms , of being trained to the exercise of the musket . Were such an wholesome and excellent practice revived , then , indeed , he should have no hesitation in saying , that the armed force of this empire would not only prove a terror to the French , but might bid defiance to the combined hostility of all Europe . He would not , at present , make any opposition to the motion of the right hon . Secretary , but resered to himself the privilege of arguing it fully and minutely hereafter . He , above all things , conjured the House not , by any acts of theirs , to lock up all the population ( when he said all , he meant , the active portion of it ) from serving in the militia and the army.—The question was then put , and carried . The Secretary at War , the chancellor of the Exchequer , and other members of his Majesty 's Privy Council , were ordered to prepare and bring in the bill . reported from The . Middlesex Committee , that it had not been able to proceed to business this day , in consequence of the absence of Benj Walsh , Esq . a member of said Committee , which had been occasioned by indisposition , and that a medical gentleman was ready to very the same upon oath at the bar . Dr. Armstrong stated , that he had been to visit Mr. Walsh about three o'clock , when he found him much better ; that he was then informed that Mr. Walsh had been so violently affected with a cholera morbus in she morning , as to be unable to leave his house ; but that he expected he I should be able to attend his duty to-morrow.—Mr . Walsh was then , on the motion of Lord Marsham , excused for his absence . made a motion that the order for taking the Stirling petition into consideration on the 1st of March should be discharged , to await the decision of the House of Lords on an appeal from an adjudication of