of Lord St. Vincent , I am confident that he must disclaim such a mode of proceeding . I am confident that he would countenance tip shuffling or evasion to suppress inquiry ; and that he would not be content if he thought that it could be suspected he was adverse to have his administration canvassed . Thus ministers , knowing that the conduct of the first lord of the Admiralty is in every respect a contrast to their own , wish to make common cause with him , in offering a mode of defence to which , on a future occasion , they themselves may resort . Towards Lord St. Vincent I feel much personal friendship , and this renders ; me anxious that his reputation should stand high ; but public motives give me a still greater interest in his fame and honour . Of his glorious achievement on the I4th of February no man can think higher than I do ; but his conflict with the abuses and corruptions of his department appears to me , though less brilliant , not less arduous and meritorious . On the 14th of February he engaged and vanquished the enemy ; but he has waged a war no less difficult , with jobs , and contracts , and frauds . He Jus broken their em- 909 battled line , no less arduous than to penetrate that of the enemy . My admiration of him is increased to find him possess , in so high a degree , that which is more rare than gallantry in the field : civil courage and decision as well as personal courage . I feel that his virtues and public deserts in this contest with corruption have natuarally led to that obliquy by which lie has been pursued . The attempt to put to rout the hosts of corruption have created him enemies . Such may have been the persons from whom an hon . gent , opposite ( Mr.Wilberforce ) obtained the information he mentioned ; but let the miserable witnesses be brought forward , that their testimony may be examined and disproved . This calls to my mind an anecdote of a risible nature . It happened that when Mr. Justice Willes , a man who to many eminent qualities added a considerable portion of humour , was one day employed in trying a cause , I believe of murder , and one of the witnesses deposed that a ghost had said so and so ; — '' O , very well , ( said the judge ) , I have no objection to the evidence of a ghost ; let him be brought in and sworn ! '' So , provided the witnesses alluded to by the hon . gent , can be brought forward , I have no objection to receive their evidence at the bar of the House , that we may afterwards decide upon it.—During the whole course of the debate , , the only person who has made any direct charge against the conduct of the Admiralty in general , is my hen . and gallant relation , ( Admiral Berkeley ) , who spoke lately . As to the right hon . gent , who made the motions , I confess , that lie seems to me to have made out little or no case . With respect to the number of gun-boats in employment now and at former periods , the comparison affords no conclusion , unless it be shewn likewise that the exigency of the case was such , as to demand greater exertions and a greater proportion of this species of force . Unless too it can be shewn , that of gun-brigs a greater number ought to be employed , the late period at which the Admiralty made the contracts for such vessels proves nothing . The right hon . gen. likewise proposes to address the Crown , recommending greater exertions in this way ; but any measures for the improvement of our defence must be left to those who are in official situations . But in viewing our state of defence ,