any facts stated to shew that the re-enactment of the bill was essential to the maintenance of tranquillity in Ireland ? Had the house obtained even the bare responsibility of a minister on the subject ? Not one of these grounds of the necessity of the measure had been brought before the house . Independant of all information , Members were called on to give their assent to a measure which confessedly violated the free principles of the British constitution . When any description of subjects were to be deprived of a constitutional privilege , it was necessary to proceed with coolness and deliberation . Even while rebellion raged in Ireland he had not heard of resorting to martial law , and suspending all appeal to the civil tribunals , without a considerable portion of anxiety and alarm . But what he desired the house to consider , were the specific grounds on 80 which the introduction of martial law was defended . It was on this principle , that jurors were over-awed in the discharge of their duty , and that witnesses could not come forward to give their testimony without great personal danger . It was because the ordinary tribunals of justice were necessarily shut up , from the causes which he had now stated , that it became necessary to have recourse to military decisions . If the same circumstances now existed , he should , however reluctant to violate the constitution , give his assent to the motion . No such circumstances did , however , exist at this period . Jurors could discharge their duty with the utmost safety . Witnesses could come forward to give their testimony without any apprehension of danger . Persons guilty of rebellion had been arraigned before the ordinary tribunals of justice , had been convicted on the clearest evidence , and had suffered the sentence of the law . If the grounds on which martial law was formerly resorted to did not exist , it was not surely asking too much to require some new grounds for re-enacting a bill vesting the executive government with extraordinary and unconstitutional powers . It certainly was not too much to ask , that if new grounds did exist they should be stated . To assent to a bill of this kind without any grounds was what he never could , under any circumstances , do , acting as a representative to parliament . If the hon . sec . of state was determined to persist in pressing the bill , it was at least fair that he should not precipitate its progress through the house . It would be fair to allow those gentlemen who were more particularly connected with Ireland an opportunity of offering their sentiments on the subject . The number of Irish members now in their place was very inconsiderable , and they had a right to be consulted before the constitutional privileges of their constituents were suspended or violated . He had thought it his duty to throw out these few observations to the house . Before he sat down , he begged leave to repeat , he did not oppose the re-enactment of the bill from any want of confidence in the mode in which it would be applied by ministers . He had no doubt that their application of the powers with which it vested them would be mild and merciful . His objections were , however , founded in respect for the constitution , and the character of the government , and should not induce him to vote for a bill , of the necessity for which not the slightest evidence had been adduced . rose to make a few observations 81 in reply . The hon . gent , had said , that in all former cases of the passing of the martial law bill , rebellion actually raged , or tranquillity was very seriously disturbed . He begged leave to set the hon . member right on that head . In the year 1801 , this very bill had been not only once but twice renewed in the coarse of the same session