to teach that I which is not necessary , and which they never can completely learn . By such a mode of proceeding much mischief is , and much more may be , done . To this , indeed , the words of Pope may be applied `` A little learning is a dangerous thing ; '' and for this reason , that men are apt to draw inaccurate deductions , and to rest upon imperfect grounds . The volunteers , by such injudicious instructions , are withdrawn from , that which they might acquire with facility and use with much more effect , and the operation of such a system will be to give their minds a wrong direction . If , however , it was wished to render the volunteers perfect in this system of discipline , how came it that the instructions should have commenced so late that , but a few months ago , many volunteer corps were without a single musket , and even at this hour there are several volunteers who have never fired a ball in their lives ? Men should not be obliged to travel through the tedious course of military tactics when the danger was so urgent as it is admitted to be on all hands . A force not thus perplexed with circuitous lessons would be much easier collected , and nice effectual ; armed also with other weapons than muskets , they , perhaps , would be able more completely to annoy the enemy , remember that some miserable expedient have been resorted to in order to depredate the opinions of the hon . officer . His recommendation of pikes was at first discountenanced , and yet , since then , his plan has been adopted and acted upon to a considerable extent . Above 100,000 pikes have been distributed by government , and I have no doubt those weapons will be more useful in the hands of peasants who shall not undergo the trouble of any rehearsal 617 before they come to action , than volunteers trained to the musket.—I have heard that some gentlemen are of opinion , that the volunteers might be most advantageously employed by attaching them in the hour of service to battalions of the line . Of such a plan I very much disapprove , or of any project to bring them into action , in a solid body , When the hon . officer on the lower bench recommended pikes to be distributed to the volunteers , ministers confessed there was a scarcity of muskets , and that circumstance alone , independently of the known efficacy of that weapon , particularly manifested in the course of the French revolution , was sufficient.—The hon . member behind me ( Col. Eyre ) has insisted upon the importance of the volunteers , for a very strange reason indeed , which he urged with great confidence , namely , that the volunteers however , as he said , they were depreciated in this country , were held to be so formidable by the enemy , that they operated to prevent him from attempting his threatened plan of invasion , although he was ready in June last ; but , if he had come then he would have surprised a vast proportion of the volunteers without arms . If however , the one my was completely prepared in June , and the volunteers in their then state were really sufficient to intimidate him , there can be no danger whatever , now that that body is so much larger and so much better disciplined ; nor can it be necessary to introduce this bill , or to make any farther bustle of preparation . However , perhaps the enemy has postponed the execution of his design for other reasons . Possibly he waits until the volunteers shall learn their exercise—until they are properly drilled ! This would be a magnanimous proceeding—but to be serious . I know that there are many different opinions upon the mode provided for disciplining the volunteers , and I have my doubts . Upon this , however , I have no