volunteer system in general , and most particularly so by the provisions of the present bill . He censured the ministers for the various incongruous measures they had brought forward at different times , for the defence of the country . The militia and army of 1030 reserve , are in direct opposition to each other , and the volunteer system is in positive contradiction to both . He combated the prerogative , as asserted by a noble and learned Lord , and denominated it , a jacobin principle , not unbecoming the worst period of the worst part of the French revolution . He denied that the King , consistent with the principles of the constitution , did possess , or could possess , any such inherent right , as it was recited and asserted in the preamble to the bill . His Lordship placed the different provisions of the bill in a variety of contradictory lights , deprecated the idea of ever employing the volunteers as troops of the line , gave it as his opinion , that an armed peasantry would be found much more serviceable and efficient ; and concluded with expressing his disapprobation of the present measure . spoke in terms of high praise of the volunteers , and entertained no fears of their having any disposition to disband . He did not see much to praise in the present bill , but approved of giving the volunteers the advantage of the militia , when called out . After the many contradictions of last year , he thought it would be rather too sanguine to look to the perfection of the system by this measure . thought the country was at a most critical moment . The die of its fate was in the air , and every nerve must be exerted in its cause . For that purpose there was need of the efforts of all , though not perhaps of that co-operation of which he had heard mention of certain great and honourable characters , whose talents he most highly admired , and who , he was sure , would not co-operate from any selfish or party view , to gain place or power.—Respecting administration , which had been accused very strongly of inability , he confessed he was not a sufficient judge on that subject . He had seen no proofs , no documents , from which he could establish that conclusion . But if any mistakes had been committed , it should in fairness he remembered , that the present circumstances of public , affairs were new , and that , he thought , should form an excuse for mistakes ; at least it was so to him.—Of the volunteer system , he would say , that it was most noble in principle , most difficult in execution ; but he trusted confidently , it would prove most successful in its effects . Who were the volun- 1031 teers ? they were not low , mean beings . They were men of all ranks , even of the highest . They ware many of them of the greatest stake of property , and of the first respectability . They comprized all professions , nobility , men of letters , merchants , manufacturers , artizans , yeomen , and the respectable of every description ; and they all came forward , animated with glowing enthusiasm and valour . And why did they feel this glorious stimulus ? Because they knew that they possessed at present more liberty and more happiness than was possessed by any other nation on the face of the earth . Because they knew that the success of the invader would be the loss of them liberties and of their happiness . The system might not be perfect , but surely it was susceptible of improvements . The question was not upon the principle of the system . It had been adopted , and it must now be maintained . And was there any thing their Lordships would not do to make it as perfect as possible , as a great means of defence ? My Lords , do