they had been trained for at least eighteen months in every other species of military duty . This was particularly the case at Jemappe , where the battle was fought in November 1792 , and the volunteers that fought there were those raised in the beginning of 1790—The bill , in his opinion , might be considered as a new mutiny bill , printed on fine white satin . He ridiculed the measure in toto , and described it as having been formed in a smithery near Westminster-Hall , where every one was at work at it , and amongst the rest , the Attorney-General , hammering away and fetching it up with John Doe and Richard Roe assisting him . He was fully satisfied , that out of barren moor like this , not one good crop could be got , and he was the more convinced of the folly of resorting to it , when such a rich and abundant field presented itself as the army . The right hon . gent , concluded with expressing his decided opposition to the whole of the system . began by observing , that , considering how often the subject had been discussed for the last three weeks , it Was with extreme unwillingness he rose to comment on the speech which had been just delivered . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) seemed to have compressed into his speech of this night the various remarks which , in the course of this session and the last , he had adduced against the volunteer system , with one exception only . The right hon . gent , wished his speech to be , considered as a protest against measures , which he had stated as leading to consequences not short of absolute destruction . It would , however , be recollected by many , that the right hon . gent , had applied this description to a system , which , at the close of the last session , and during the debates upon the defence bill , he had pronounced to be that on which the House must rest for the protection and security of the country . After what he had heard from the right hon . gent. , and comparing what he now said with what he had said , considering , too , that he had attacked the structure of the army , though it was the same as it had been during the whole time he was See at War , he was not surprised at the course of argument he had thought proper to pursue , because he could not bat recollect that the right hon . gent , who ridiculed the idea of a militia being an efficient force , was the same person who , when he was one of his Majesty 's confidential servants , saw the militia extended to a much larger number than it was at the present moment . The House had heard a violent attack upon the volunteer system by a right hon . gent , during whose administration the system had originated , and who had extended it to 150,000 men . Under these circumstances , it was impossible not to have heard , without surprize , the objections the right hon . gent , had urged . He had attacked the system , because he thought it inefficient to repel the danger . He conceived it a weak substitute for that force the country had in its power to command . Now , was that the fact ? Could the right hon . gent , make out the truth of his statement , that , by the adoption of the volunteer system , the regular force of the , country had been neglected , or , on the contrary , that it had not increased beyond what it ever had been at any former period ? Was it not true , that the regular force , was greater in 991 G. Britain , than it had ever been ? Was it not greater in Ireland , than even at the most critical