in raising the Army of Reserve , there was the same want of attention . After men had paid £40 or £50 to find a substitute for the Army of Reserve , and the substitute had marched to the appointed rendezvous , he found no one there to receive him . This had happened in many instances , and the substitutes net knowing what to do with themselves or their money , had deserted in post chaises and four . Was there ever an admistration so trusted , so supported—so left with almost ? uncontrolled power as the present—with the spirit of the country raised to the highest enthusiasm—with no party differences to mo- 222 lest them—with the Lords Lieutenants of the Counties all eager to second their views ; and yet what had they done with all this power ? Had it not been the chief employment of those Lords Lieutenants to comprehend the instructions they had received—the explanation of the explanations had occupied almost all their time ; and not merely in regard to their signals in Norfolk , but to all their system there had been such a system of confusion , contradiction and vascillation as to make it impossible for the proper officers to understand what they were to do . I am speaking now of their military system , not of their boasted income act , of which we shall hear enough hereafter.—Now I am speaking on the general subject of ministerial changes and confusion , I am led to mention a circumstance respecting a near relation of mine ( General Fox ) , concerning whom the conduct of government has been such as I can not comprehend . He was sent , after the commencement of the war , to a very high and important command ( in Ireland ) ; an appointment at which I felt much more of anxiety than of pleasure , notwithstanding the knowledge I had of his character . A disturbance broke out in Dublin on the 23d of July , in which Lord Kilwarden was murdered . It excited universal astonishment , and in a few days : he was no longer commander in chief . I may be told , indeed , that his departure thence proceeded from his own request : but from all I have been able to learn upon the subject , a wish on the part of the civil government of Ireland was expressed , that he should be recalled . After this , there was no man of spirit but would say , `` I will no longer stay in your way , since you wish my removal . '' When becomes over here , he is immediately entrusted with the high and honourable command of a district near the metropolis , a clear proof that ministers did not think ill of his conduct . But why then was he recalled ? Because , it seems , it was the wish of the Irish civil government . I say , that this circumstance happening so very soon after the 23d of July , who would not feel themselves justified in saving that it was in consequence of misconduct ? Did both parties , the civil power and the commander in chief , act perfectly well ? How ? By getting intelligence ? By following up that intelligence ? Was it true that the Lord Lieut , instructed the commander in chief , and then withdrew to the Phoenix-Park , a few hours before Lord Kilwarden was murdered ? Nothing that I can see but a surprize , a total and complete surprize , can justify the Irish government in that affair , 223 or they must be a sort of accomplices in the murder of Lord Kilwarden . It ought to be publicly known , that whatever intimation was given to the commander in chief , was given with an idea that it was not to be relied upon . Not even the Lord Mayor knew any thing of it : and , when it is alledged ( pitiful excuse ! ) with great formality , that the superintendant magistrate of the