upon him . A noble lord ( Limerick ) had quoted the opinions of certain state doctors , viz . M'Neven , Emmet , and O'Connor.— '' For my part , '' said Lord Darnley , `` experience has taught me to expect no `` good in politics from a doctor ! '' said , that he would not have troubled the House on the present occasion , had it not been for the concluding observations of the noble lord who spoke last . He knew that no blame did attach to government on that day . They were aware of the attack , and had given intimation to the commander of the forces and to the Superintendant of the Police . Government could not divine in what street the insurrection might breakout ; but had the rebels proceeded to the Castle , to the Bank , or to the depot of arms , they would have found every thing in readiness for their reception . He thought it proper to state , that no blame was imputable to the commander of the forces . His dismissal from that situation was at his own request , and his immediate employment afterwards was not meant as a recompence for that situation , but because government would have deemed themselves culpable , had they allowed the military talents of an officer of such known abilities to remain unemployed at the present period.—The two bills were then read as cond time , and ordered to be committed tomorrow . presented a petition from the prisoners confined for debt in the county gaol of Cardigan . Ordered to lie upon the table.—Mr . Corry brought up an estimate of the expenses attending 261 the Linen Board in Ireland for one year , from Jan. 5 , 1804 , to Jan. 5 , 1805.—Leave was given to bring in a bill to enable his Majesty to grant certain lands in Chertsey , & c. to H R. H. the Duke of York . Mr. W. Dundas gave notice , that he should not bring forward , till after the recess , the motion which it was his intention to make respecting this militia of Scotland.—Leave was given to bring in a bill for punishing mutiny and desertion , and for the better payment of their quarters.—Leave was given to bring in a bill for the regulation of his Majesty 's royal marine forces while on shore.—Mr . Secretary Yorke moved the second reading of the bill for explaining two acts , passed in the 12d and 43d of his present Majesty , relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps . It was accordingly read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The House resolved itself into a Committee of Supply , in which a variety of small sums were voted for the maintenance of convicts at home and abroad , and oilier miscellaneous services voted annually.—Mr . Corry also moved the miscellaneous services for Ireland , which were agreed to ; and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . rose and spoke as follows : —Sir ; in he debate which took place on Friday last , the Committee was so long occupied in attending to the speeches of gentlemen either the most distinguished for their talents or of the greatest weight from their official situations , that I thought it better to defer offering my opinions on the subject until the report should be brought up.—Amongst the various topics which have been , or naturally may be introduced into this discussion , there is to one which more prominently presents itself to my mind , than that which in the last session formed the ground of a specifick motion in this Mouse . I mean , the establishment of a military council.—At a time when ( in addition to the immense sums that the public is called upon in other ways to contribute for military purposes ) Parliament deems it necessary to vote establishments so large and expensive as those contained in the estimates now before us : at a time , Sir , when we are engaged in a war the