be depended on , if their services were required . However their intentions were laudable and generous on their part , to assist the crown in any part of the empire , and to make a return for the liberal assistance which had been afforded to their country at a former period , would any military man say that it was consistent with sound policy to withdraw disciplined troops from a country which was particularly and avowedly threatened with an immediate attack , and to place in their stead the same number of raw , undisciplined troops , which might require 2 years before they would arrive to an equal state of perfection ? Was it wise , or was it just or politic , he would ask any gent. , when a country was threatened with immediate invasion , to withdraw 10,000 of as line peasantry as any in the world , from its native resources of defence , and to withdraw along with them the gent of the first respectability in wealth or influence within that country , from the assistance which they could otherwise afford it by their wisdom , their power , and their connexions ? If England were situated as Ireland now is , would the country gent , of England think it reasonable ? He knew that his Majesty 's ministers did not possess the power to enforce the extension of the services of a militia force , but he implored the country gent , to consider whether it would not be better to recommend a change of the militia of the two countries , than to leave 10,000 recruits to be raised in the place of an equal number of well-disciplined troops , which were to be withdrawn from its defence . He had often recommended to his Majesty 's ministers to inquire into the state of Ireland ; but unfortunately for that country , and to the disgrace of the ministers , they had never thought fit to inquire into the business . He was convinced , however , that , if a number of the enlightened part of this country , the superior officers of the militia , were to go over to Ireland during a time of such peril as the present , and were to see the struggles that would be made by the great majority of that people in the defence of their king and of their constitution , they would , nay , they must , consistent with their own good sense , come back when the contest was 1093 over with a thorough conviction on their minds that those people deserved better treatment than they had hitherto received from the servants of that crown for which they were ready to face any foe , however formidable or however specious might be his pretences.—He would not consider himself hound to the support of any future measure that might be brought forward by the bill ; but , inasmuch as the address expressed an approbation of the loyal and gallant offers which had been made , he would for the present give his vote in support of it , but would at a future period declare his sentiments freely with respect to any provision which might tend to weaken the native defence of the country in a moment so important as the present . thought this a matter of very serious moment , which deserved the most mature consideration , and , therefore , he should be inclined to vote for delay . The House , by this address , would , he thought , be in some measure pledged to reciprocal services ; and this was a question of such magnitude , that some time ought to be allowed to consider it properly . He thought it highly dangerous to draw troops from Ireland at the present moment , as that country was in greater danger than this country was . He was of opinion , that nothing could be gained by hurrying the measure , as the bill could only be read a first time before the recess . He had opposed the sending of our