the service , making a total of betwixt 3 and4.00O men , it could not be pretended with the smallest justice that the government had been wanting in measures of precaution for the defence of the capital . He would venture to affirm , and he would defy any gentleman to disprove his observation , that the force in Dublin on the 23d day of July , in the evening of which the insurrection had broken out , was adequate to the suppression , not only of the miserable mob of infatuated individuals then engaged , but of a number more than ten times their amount . With equal confidence he would assert , that the safety of Dublin was never , even for one moment , in danger . The best proof of this was , that after the military were brought to act , an hour had not elapsed before the rebels had dispersed and tranquillity was restored . It could not be seriously pretended , that the wretched mob of the 23d of July could ever have put the capital of Ireland in a state of the smallest-danger . Their number , according to the confession of their own leaders , did not exceed SO , and their progress commencing in Dirty Lane , had been terminated in Cutpurse Row . They had not dared to approach any of the principal parts of the town , and , as to the idea of their ever marching to the attack of the Castle , it really was altogether ridiculous . This appeared by the conduct of their principal leader . When he found the contemptible state of his followers , either in point of numbers or of discipline , he had taken his 102 road down a street leading to the country , where he threw off his rebel uniform , re gardless of the fate of his deluded partners in rebellion . Much stress was laid by those ; who blamed the conduct of ministers , on the circumstance that they ware not aware of the existence of the rebel magazine in the heart of Dublin . True it was , that this circumstance had not been discovered previous to the insurrection of the 23d of July . Ministers , however , were apprised , that a rising was intended on that day , and such precautions were adopted , as left Dublin fully protected from all danger . True it was , that a respected magistrate : had fallen a sacrifice to the fury of the rebels ; but this atrocity was , in no degree whatever , imputable to the negligence of ministers . From certain circumstances , that nobleman had heard of an intended insurrection in Dublin , and he was in consequence induced to proceed to town at a late hour . Perhaps it would have been more prudent if he had not thought of entering Dublin that night , or at legist that he had not entered it at that particular part of the town , where individuals ready for acts of atrocities could always be without difficulty collected . Much as the atrocity was to be lamented , it was it no degree brought on by the misconduct of the Irish government . Bui , to return more directly to the question before the house , though the hon . member appeared to consider it but of secondary importance . It was argued , that it was contrary to practice , to pass such a bill without previous information . He begged leave to recal the honourable member 's recollection to the . case of 1801 , when it was passed without any detailed information being communicated . He wished to ask the hon . member , if he felt himself authorised , without further in formation , to give his negative to the bill ? He wished to ask , if he would insist on delay , even at the risk of leaving the government destitute of powers adequate to meet any emergency which might occur ? As to the general charge against ministers for with holding information ; this