The exemptions granted to the volunteers , without doubt , make the ballot both for the militia and the army of reserve fall more severely upon persons not enrolled in these corps ; and as we know that , in point of fact , few ballotted men ever serve in person , it certainly operates as an increase of tax upon those who are not thus enrolled ; but in what shape can this be said to lock up any part of our population , so as to interfere with their becoming regular soldiers ? Is there any thing to prevent a man serving in a volunteer corps from entering into the militia , or the regular army ? Is it not , on the contrary , an ascertained fact , that any description of military service ripens and prepares the feelings of men for one more extended ? It must then appear evident , that however it may shift the question of expense , in providing substitutes , from one class of the community to another , yet , so far from narrowing the amount of substitutes to be procured , it has the directly contrary effect , inasmuch as it can not fail to infuse a military spirit into many men , whose minds would never otherwise have received the same direction.—Having , I trust , removed the main objections that have been urged against the system itself , I wish to state to the Committee what has been the result of it , as administered by his Majesty 's minsters , and to afford them a general outline of the means of defence that have already been provided , under the heads of army , navy , and ordnance.—In stating the present military force , it appears most satisfactory , to combine the whole number , of every description , at present subsisting in Great-Britain and Ireland . The gross force naturally divides itself into troops on permanent pay , and those liable to service in the event of invasion . Of the first description 205 there are at present in Great-Britain and in the islands of Jersey and Guernsey , 130,000 men ; and in Ireland , 50,000 men , making in the whole 180,000 rank and file . The right hon . gent . who spoke last ( Mr. Grenville ) seems to have been impressed with an idea that , of this force , but a very small proportion was disposeable for general service , and he attempted to prove to the committee , that we had not the means , if a favourable opportunity presented it ; self for offensive operations , of furnishing ? an adequate force for that purport : . To prove this , he supposed the militia quite complete , and deducting the whole number to which that force may by law be carried , he thereby diminishes the real amount of the disposeable force.—I can , however , have no objection to state distinctly the actual composition of the 180,000 rank and file , of which the army of the United Kingdom at home at present consists . The effective rank and file of the militia in Great-Britain and Ireland amount to 84,000 men ; the regular force to 96,000 , 'of which 27,000 are for limited service , and 69,000 at this moment disposeable for general service , in whatever proportion circumstances may render it prudent so to apply them.—The next great feature of our military strength is the volunteer force , of which there are at present in Great-Britain , accepted and arrayed , 340,000 men , and in Ireland 70,000 , making a total of 410,000 rank and file in the United Kingdom , to which must be added , as connected with our defence on shore , though also applicable to service afloat , the sea fencibles , exceeding 25,000 men he gross force of rank and file , at present on foot , is therefore as follows : army in the field 180,000 ; volunteers 410,000 ; sea fencibles 25,000 ; total rank and file 615,000 , adding thereto officers , non-commissioned officers