effects of the advantage thus given , service , in the army , should be changed from life to terra of years ; drafting should be formally abolished ; means possibly devised to render service in the West-Indies less frequently necessary ; and some other subordinate regulations adopted , calculated to give to the profession of a soldier advantages and attractions , additional to those , not inconsiderable ones , which it already had . With these things done , he was of opinion , that the condition of the country was not so changed , either as to the wealth or inclinations of the lower orders of its inhabitants , as to make it impossible , that , upon a greatly increased population , the army should be recruited as in former times . He was by no means sure , that if these methods had been adopted , at the time when they were first suggested ( and still more if they had been adopted at a period somewhat earlier ) the army would not have been recruited , and the general defence of the country increased , even at this moment , far beyond what it had been by the boasted measure of the army of reserve . That it would be so in the end , there could not be the smallest doubt . In a comparison of these measures , the same distinction must be observed , as gentlemen , accustomed to planting , knew how to make between a sown and a planted tree : though the latter would have the advantage at the beginning , and it might be , for some few years , it was known which would outstrip the other at the long run.—But should the danger at any moment be such , as not to wait the gradual progress of recruiting , however successful ; or should the general success of recruiting , even in the new circumstances proposed , be less than he was willing to imagine , it would be then open to have recourse to compulsory mea- 182 sures ; but measures so chosen , ( that is to say , of which the abolition of substitution should make part ) , as to become a powerful stimulus to recruiting , instead of presenting any impediment to it . He was as little a friend to compulsory measures , where they could be avoided , as any other gentleman : but he would not court popularity , nor discredit his own judgement by decrying them as unconstitutional . He had shewn , on a former occasion , together with several of his hon . friends ; that so far from objecting factiously to any measure of government , or lying in wait to raise a cry against the hon . gentlemen , he was more ready than the hon . gentlemen had seemed to be , to brave that cry , in support of any measure of the soil alluded to , which the circumstances of the times might render necessary.—These were his ideas of the measures to be adopted , for creating that first and most indispensable requisite in the present state of he world , as well for the sake of immediate safety , as with a view to the future condition of the empire , —a regular and disposable military force . Instead of this , the hon . gentlemen seemed by their measures to be looking to any other force , rather than that of a regular army , the augmentation to which was as yet , by their own account , only 7OOO men ; while by their general conduct they had brought the country to a state , in which , at the end of nine months , a line of cruizers , or ( according to the expression of an old poet , whom he did not dare to quote in the original ) `` a single plank of wood , '' was all that protected the country , he would not say , from the `` grave , '' but from evils and dangers , of a magnitude