that of the gun-brigs , a much better kind of vessel , orders had been given for building 23 of them but the first lord of the Admiralty , deeming it advisable to complete other vessels that were in hand , had ordered the sloops of war to be previously launched ; and if more gun-brigs were not in service , it certainly was because the first lord of the Admiralty was of opinion that another and superior kind of force was preferable . It had been , said , 914 that the number of ship-wrights in the yards was 800 deficient . The fact , however , was , that more men were now in the yards than during the first year of the last war , and only 53 less than during the highest year of last war . It was to be considered , too , that as nearly 400 persons had been discharged who received 6s . a day for doing nothing . the number of efficient men now was greater than it had ever been.— : But it was unnecessary for him to go further into detail which had been so much better handled . He agreed with the right hon . gent , opposite , that it was because Lord St. Vincent had shewn himself so inexorable a foe to abuses ; because he had shewn himself determined to lay the axe to the root of the tree ; that he had incurred so much obloquy . There were other great men engaged in the same arduous career , who had their share of that obloquy ; but he was convinced that to this chiefly were complaints owing ; and sometimes , perhaps , those men , from their habits of life not calculated to give grace to refusal and to soften denial , might have excited the animosity of those whom it was impossible to gratify . The public indeed , had a deep interest in the character of such men , and of the first lord of the Admiralty . No man was better qualified to serve the country than that noble lord.—Of him might be said , what had been said of Lord Chatham , that he had the flame of an Englishman respectable in every quarter of the globe `` clarum et venerabile nomen , '' & c. The House and the country will judge who best consult the fame of Lord St. Vincent in the present occasion , and if no ground of inquiry be laid , surely nothing could be more to be deprecated , than at so critical a moment throwing suspicion on so important a branch of the public defence , and wasting the time and attention of the House upon unnecessary inquiries . was sorry to see an imputation brought against his hon . friend below , that was of all others , he thought , the least likely to be brought . He would ask the right hon . gent , opposite , if he had preserved his friendship inviolate to such a degree as his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , or if he in every instance had carried his friendship to the same extent ? Had his friend by him tapped the right hon . gent , on the shoulder , and bid him look behind , that right hon . gent , would have seen a quondam friend , for whom , perhaps , he had not preserved all the attachments nor all the sympathies of friendship . Why should any wish exist to conceal the naval situation of the country ? The more our state is known , the more respect will our naval force command . He could perceive 915 no ground of delicacy on this question , when our naval superiority was so confessedly admitted even by our enemies . The : more , in fact , our naval force is known , the more we must be dreaded . Nor could such an investigation as that proposed by the motion , give greater information to the enemy than what they already possessed , which was