so deadened , as not to beat responsive to the intimation , or feelingly to appreciate , in its full extent , its magnitude and importance . Weil may his Majesty rely upon the zeal and services of his people . Should such a contingency ever arise , the whole population of the island would rush forward , and interpose its myriads between his sacred person and danger : though an attack should be made by hosts gorged with the spoils and blood of Europe , the result would be , not only security , but triumph to our beloved Sovereign and those who have the happiness to live under his auspicious government . Upon the whole , he was induced to think , that , from the present favourable appearance of the national affairs , and the system adopted by government , that such effects would ensue as must tend to the establishment of a real , permanent , and honourable peace , because founded on the genuine balance of power in Europe , and duly regarding the liberties and independance of the various states concerned , and above all , on the broad principle of reciprocity of benefit and advantage . The noble earl concluded with expressing his hearty concurrence with the address.—The question was put , and the address was immediately voted new . diss.—A committee of their lordships then retired formally to prepare the address , and on their return the Marquis of Sligo reported from the same , when the House ordered that the lords with white staves should wait upon his Majesty tomorrow with the said address . moved that Lord Walsingham be appointed chairman of the committee of privileges for the present session . in seconding the motion , took an opportunity to pay an handsome compliment to the talents and assiduity which the noble lord , who was the subject of the motion , had displayed during so long a period , in his official capacity of chairman of their lordships commit tees.—The question was put , and the appointment forthwith ordered by their lordships , nem . diss . then rose , and observed , that he was not in the habit of trespassing upon the attention , or taking up the valuable time of their lordships ; but , after what had just fallen from the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , he could not avoid saying a word or two on the occasion . He had to return his thanks to the House for this additional manifestation of their lordships favourable opinion of his official conduct ; he trusted he should persevere in that line of conduct which had met their lordships ' approbation , which principally consisted in a strict and uniform adherence to the rules and orders of the House , without which the business could not be conducted duly to the honour of the House , or to the advantage of the public.—It was then ordered , on the motion of Lord Hawkesbury , that Lord Walsingham be appointed chairman of the committees of their lordships ' House , except in cases where it shall be otherwise directed ; and also that his lordship be appointed chairman of the private committees during the present session.—The usual order respecting the committee of privileges was then made , on the motion of Lord Walsingham ; as were the several routine orders usually made at the commencement of a session ; after which their lordships adjourned till to-morrow . acquainted the House that the House h3d , in obedience to his Majesty 's command , attended in the House of Peers , to hear his Majesty 's most gracious Speech from the Throne ; of which , to prevent mistakes , he had himself obtained a copy . Ho then proceeded to read the Speech from the chair , for which we refer to our account of the proceedings of the Lords . ( See p . I . ) After the Speaker had finished reading the Speech , rose and spoke as follows . Sir ; after having heard the sentiments expressed , and the statements