those which had existed in the late war : the system in the present case must be gradually ameliorated , and in the course of time rendered still more efficacious , and less exceptionable . The original principle on which the force was created and the services of its members accepted of , should not at the same time be lost sight of . The volunteer system was also to be regarded in a certain view , which , under the consideration of the contest in which we were engaged being a protracted one , was one of considerable importance , namely , economy . At the first glance it would appear , that the services of the volunteers were to be acquired incalculably cheaper than those of any other description of the national force . The consideration of the volunteer system , was not only to a certain degree , a novel one , but it proceeded on distinct principles on its own peculiar nature and merits then , was that system to be considered . On these principles it was regarded by his Majesty 's government , who , he repeated , certainly contemplated the subject with the most serious attention . then rose and observed , that he entirely concurred in the sentiments of the noble lord , whom he had in his eye ( Grenville ) , with regard to the volunteers . He approved the system , but was satisfied that it required a great deal of improvement . He did not intend at present to enter freely into the question ; as , after what the noble lord opposite ( Hawkesbury ) had said , with respect to the intentions of government , any long discussion now was totally useless . And , indeed , it must be apparent , that till the imperfections that no doubt prevailed in the system of the volunteers were ready to be corrected , the less that was said about the matter the better . He would therefore take his own advice and instantly sit down.—The question was then put : the bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow ; after which their Lordships immediately adjourned . who entered into the general subject in some degree of detail . In the course of his observations , his lordship made a variety of remarks upon certain provisions in the existing acts upon the subject particularly upon the 42d and 43d of his Majesty , and also upon the act of the 33d He expatiated upon the principle on which the volunteers had originally tendered their services , and the terms upon which they were accepted , and which he seemed to contrast with the system which had subse- 365 quently been adopted for their regulation : from the tone and direction of the noble earl 's voice , we were precluded from hearing many of his observations ; but he argued that the entire system required , and speedily , a considerable degree of revision : doubts had arisen , and difficulties were daily experienced which required legislative interference for their explanation and removal . Many of the provisions to which he had referred were inconsistent with the principle upon which the volunteers originally came forward , and , from his view of certain parts of the acts , he deemed it matter for consideration , how far , in certain cases , the volunteers were or were not subject to particular provisions of the martial law . These were points which required the most serious consideration . With respect to the point of exemption , the bill , lie seemed to think , was neither sufficiently efficacious , nor did it extend far enough : there were , several doubts and difficulties which it would not tend to remove ; and he remarked upon what he conceived to be the hurried progress of the bill through the House . He therefore , in order to afford an opportunity of considering the introduction of some farther provisions to obviate the difficulties to which he had alluded , would propose that the bill be