in Ireland , the system of terror was carried to such a pitch , that it is almost impossible to obtain intelligence . In the present , it was equally difficult to obtain intelligence , though from a different reason , for the secret was in so few hands , that there were scarcely any means of obtaining information . The explosion of the powder-mill in Patrick-street , however , determined the conspirators to lose no time in carrying their plot into execution ; yet the secret was still confined to very few persons , namely , those v. ho were suffered to go to the depot , and t hey were not above eight in number . But after the explosion of the powder-mill , go- 748 vernment did obtain intelligence , for the conspirators wrote from Dublin on the I8th of July , to some persons at Belfast , requesting assistance , and that circumstance was known to the government on the 21st in Dublin . Information was also received from many channels of the intended rising on the 21st , 22d , and 23 of July . Upon the ground , therefore , of information , it does appear that the Irish government were not deficient.—I come now to consider whether they had adopted proper measures of precaution and , in order to decide that question , we must estimate the extent of the danger , to know whether the measures of precaution were sufficient . I shall first examine the extent of the danger as it appeared a priori , and then as it appeared in the actual result of the insurrection . The conspirators had not determined to act till after the explosion in Patrick-street , and then , instead of adopting the conduct which was adopted in the former rebellion , of communicating the secret to a great many persons , they only communicated it so a few . I beg the House to consider , what was the situation of the government of Ireland : they knew that an application had been made to the people of the north to rise , which application was so coldly received , that the report made to the conspirators was , that the north would not act . It was also known , that almost ail the counties in the interior had refused to act , and that the only support upon which the rebels could depend was from the counties of Kildare and Wicklow , and one barony in the formerly rebellious county of Wexford ; and it was known that there was not any considerable body of rebels that could move speedily to Dublin . If , under these circumstances , I had been called upon to consider the subject , I certainly could never have entertained the supposition that the rebels of the city of Dublin could have entertained so absurd and mad an idea , as that they could , considering the garrison that was in that city , have entertained any hope of taking the castle . The man who , however , did attempt to carry this scheme into execution was a Mr. Emmett , a young man of an enthusiastic mind , who , in consequence of the death of his father , became possessed of about 3000l . and this sum he thought proper wholly to embark in the project of overturning the government of his country ; he did not , as had been done on former occasions , run the risk of detection by applying for subscriptions , but proceeded upon his own capital , and collected a very considerable quantity of pikes ; but , certainly , not so many as has been slated , for instead 749 of 8000 there were not above 3000 ; but even it he had collected 8000 pikes , it never could have entered into his head that he could find 8000 men in Dublin to use them ; which certainly would not have been very easy in such a city as Dublin , and with such a garrison . Indeed , Emmett does not seem : to have