every case where this restraint did not exist . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) called himself the friend of Lord St. Vincent , and solicitous for his fame ; but the hon . gent , had on former occasions professed himself the real friend of great men , and on these occasions he had always acted that part , which the friends of those men did not support . When it was proposed to vote thanks to Lord Cornwallis , the hon . gent , opposed that vote , upon the ground that it was better for the reputation of that noble lord that the vote of thanks should not pass . In the same manner , professing to be the friend of Lord St. Vincent , he scrupled not to expose that , noble lord to the suspicion of mal-administration by supporting a motion for inquiry , for which he admitted that no ground had been laid . I confess , however , ( said Mr . A . ) I intend to shew my respect and friendship for Lord St. Vincent by a conduct the reverse of that of the hon . gent . With respect to the system of degrading our navy to the same level with the miserable species of naval force to which the enemy 's want of means compelled them to resort , he agreed entirely with the hon . baronet , who spoke so ably . It surely would be strange indeed , if with giants at our disposal we should employ pigmies ; but whenever 913 an inferior species of naval force was necessary , it would not be wanting . It had been already stated ( by Sir E. Pollew ) , that on She coast of France such was the nature of the shore that no species of craft could prevent the enemy 's boats creeping along . In addition to the powerful testimony of that officer , he could produce that of another naval officer ( Captain Day ) who had been employed by the Admiralty to examine arid report his opinion as to the possibility of giving any effectual check to the communication of the enemy 's gun-boats along their own shores . That officer , in a letter to the Admiralty , states , that oh account of the shallowness of the French coast , and the number of batteries on shore , It was impossible for us to send any species of vessels close enough to make any material impression on the enemy ; and as the enemy had horse artillery continually moving along the shore , it was impossible even to send in boats for the purpose of annoying the squadrons of the enemy 's flotillas . Such was the case as to annoying the enemy on their own shores ; but in every situation where our Smaller vessels could be of use to the protection of our own coasts , at every fit station and exposed point from the North Foreland to Portsmouth , there was scarce a point for the defence of which ample provision had not been made . It had been said that there was a larger number of gun-boats last war ; but of the value of such vessels , he had a letter in his hand from au officer of merit , ( Lieut . Tokeley ) , which would give the House some idea . That officer states in the letter , that he was once commander of one of the Dutch vessels which had been fitted out as a gun-boat , and it was almost impossible to keep her from sinking . Twenty fine schooners had been fitted out with one 24 pounder , which did not answer , and they were armed with carronades . These Vessels had commonly lain idle at Plymouth , and were good for nothing but a parade on a fine day , so that if they should have ventured so far out as the Edystone Lighthouse , they never would have returned to port had a topgallant breeze arose . The Chancellor of the Exchequer said ,