of any such thing having ever happened . On the whole , in considering the nature of the present motions , he , for his part , must say , that personal motives were to be presumed . If the right hon . gent , or any other person , had any fixed and determined charge to bring forward against the noble , lord who had the direction of the naval department , he would wish rather that they should state their charges directly and openly against them , than go about in the manner they seemed inclined to do . expressed himself to be also at a loss to know what convoy the hon . admiral had alluded to in the course of his speech ; because he , too , might have had an unlucky hit among the number . He begged , to know where the right hon . gent . would 921 wish to place his gun-boats , could a greater number be immediately procured ? They were only fit for assembling to protect the coast , and he could venture to say , that merchants vessels were never so well protected as at the present moment . In the year 1793 , the number of vessels taken by the enemy was 418 ; in 1794. they were 484 ; in 1795 , 493 ; and in 1796 , there were no less than 793 vessels of various descriptions lost . He did not know what gentlemen would wish to have , when we had at present fleets every where For his part , after having heard the discussion which had taken place on this subject , he could venture to say , that he should this night repose upon his pillow with a greater degree of satisfaction than he could have done , had not the conduct of Lord St. Vincent been called in question by the present motion . said , it was highly gratifying to observe , that every one who had spoken of the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty , had done so in terms that implied there could be no doubt what would be the termination of any inquiry that might be instituted . The present question had led to a discussion which convinced every gentleman of the firm basis on which the security of the country reposed . As long as eloquence shall consist of correctness of judgment , simplicity and truth , it will be admitted that the gallant admiral under the gallery ( Sir E Pellew ) has defended Lord St. Vincent with some of those rhetorical powers for which seamen are not always distinguished . He was one of those who considered , that of all others , a professional mail was the most suited for the high station occupied by Lord St. Vincent ; and he deemed it as absurd to place a person in different habits in that situation , as to advance a sailor or a soldier to the highest rank in the Courts of British Jurisprudence . On every ground , whether he regarded the character of the noble lord or the public welfare , he considered the present motion fit to be supported . observed , it was contended by many gentlemen , that the character of the first lord of the Admiralty was a sufficient answer to the inquiries which were the object of the present motion . Did gentlemen mean to say , that the right hon . gent . who had so long directed the councils of the state , had no character and no opinion which ought to be regarded ? It was , perhaps , his own private sentiments , that the war of France is not against our navy , but against our finances ; but if there be any neglect in the naval department , no doubt 922 can be entertained but they will avail themselves of it . It is , therefore , of the highest importance , not only that the present force may be competent , but that it may be continued in a condition adequate to the complete