the trials , to which we have been referred , do not come within the description of parliamentary documents . Now , Sir , in the King 's speech the conspiracy is alluded to as a past event . We are told `` that the public tranquillity has experienced no further interruption , and that a hope is indulged , that such of his Majesty 's deluded subjects as have swerved from their allegiance are now convinced of their error ; and that having compared the advantages they derive from the protection of a free constitution , with the condition of those countries which are under the dominion of the French government , they will cordially and zealously concur in resisting any attempt that may be made against the security and independence of the united kingdom . '' We have generally , Sir , been accustomed to hear the advantages of the British constitution described as positive benefits , and I can not help remarking , that this is the first instance within my recollection , in which they have been in a state paper exemplified by a mere comparison with the miseries of surrounding nations . Bat to proceed , Sir , the only other source of information is the report of the proceedings of the special commission in Dublin for the trial of the conspirators . This , however , I must again deny to be a parliamentary document ; bat I have recourse to it , partly for want of other intelligence , and partly because I understand his Majesty 's ministers have in a former discussion on this subject recommended us to resort to it . In making this reference , I naturally look to the opinion of the first law-officer of the crown , who must be supposed to have the best means of information , and I shall therefore take the liberty of reading to the house two or three passages from different parts of the speech 95 of the attorney general to the jury , on the first trial that took place under the special commission , from which gentlemen will be able to collect his sentiments , both with respect to the general state of the country , and to the magnitude of the late conspiracy.—Speaking of the disastrous transactions of the 23d of July , he says : `` Certainly it is matter of some consolation to know , that the conspiracy which broke out into open insurrection on the 23d of July last , was confined within much narrower limits than the promoters of it are willing to inculcate . Whether we consider the numbers who have embarked in the enterprise , their wealth or their character , it will appear contemptible in the extreme . So far as it had for its odious object the subversion of the government and constitution of this country , it was absurd and romantick , it was idle , and visionary even in the opinion of many of those who embraced it.—Again , notwithstanding the horrors of that night ( 23d July ) which no man can regret more than I do , yet I think they furnish some ground for reflection , that the people , who had been worked into arms from one end of the country to the other in . 1798 , could not be roused beyond the assemblage of a DESPERATE MOB , as contemptible in number as it was atrocious in disposition . After avowing their object to be to overset the government of the country , and to break the connexion with England , they state that 19 counties will come forward with promptitude to effect it . But five weeks have since elapsed , and not one single county has come forward at their call . THE CONSPIRACY SEEMS ALMOST ENDED WHERE IT BEGAN . And in another passage the learned gentleman observes , though from the abandoned profligacy of those who were employed in the execution of it ( the conspiracy ) , we have to lament many private calamities and disgusting horrors ; yet perhaps they should be considered as the visitations of