This now had become a precedent , and he was sorry that , as it had been once enacted , this was not a time to repeal it . Government ought to be aware how it passed measures of this magnitude at the desire of persons , by whose means they might become independant of Parliament . If ministers would , whenever the Bank directors pleased , come to Parliament are obtain a law to protect those directors against the legal demands of their creditors , it might be feared , that in return those directors might , at some time or other , give ministers such aid as would enable them to dispense , for a time at least , with the concurrence of Parliament . rose to explain some misstatements of his positions by the noble Secretary of State . Particularly , he observed , he had been completely misunderstood in the plan which he suggested for giving greater security to private piper . He did not at all mean that government security v. as to be given to individuals as in 1793 . His plan was this , that as the individuals of the nation were concerned in the capital of the whole nation , a general plan should be entered upon , under the countenance of Parliament , to support the credit of : any particular private bank , whose paper should be effected by a landing of the enemy , or any other alarm in the place where it was situated . denied , in the most positive terms , that the bill was introduced at the request , or even at the suggestion of the Bank directors ; but that government had brought forward the measure solely from 319 their own conviction of its necessity.—The bill was then read a third time , and afterwards passed . moved the second reading of the Pancras Vestry and Overseers ' Bill ; which was read a second time , and referred to a Select Committee.—Mr . Byng brought up a petition from certain inhabitants of the parish of Pancras against the bill ; which was referred to the Committee on the bill , and the petitioners ordered to be heard by themselves , their council or agents , against the bill , & c.—Lord Henry Petty moved that the report of the Committee on the petition of the Sierra Leona company of the year 18or , be referred to the Committee appointed to consider their petition presented in the present session . Ordered.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the Mutiny Bill ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time tomorrow.—Mr . Johnson presented at the bar , from the office of the chief Secretary for Ireland , an account of the amount of Bank of Ireland notes in circulation at the different periods mentioned in the order of the House . Ordered to be on the table , and to be printed.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the Committee of supply or yesterday . The resolutions were severally agreed to.—A message from the Lords informed the House , that their lordships had agreed to the following bills without any amendment , viz . the Malt Tax , the 5,000,000 Exchequer Bills , the Pension Duty , the Qualification Indemnity , the Irish Promissory Note , the East-India Bonds , the Irish Sugar Drawback , and the Seamens ' Desertion Bills.—Admiral Berkeley brought up a petition from the debtors confined in Gloucester Castle . Ordered to lie on the table ; as was also a petition from the debtors in the King's-Bench , —Sir William Elford gave notice , that , after the recess , he should bring forward a motion , to institute an inquiry into the cause of the dismissal of a very respectable individual from office , by the commissioners of naval inquiry.—Mr . Secretary Yorke brought up an account of the numbers of the volunteer corps , on the establishment , in Ireland , and of the number of corps that had been accepted by his Majesty . Ordered to lie on the table