protector and guide : that he was engaged in a business which he could not leave without ruin , and without ruin to those who depended on him for their support . There was no reproach in all this ; but there was a great deal in it , which must prevent corps , consisting for the most part of men so circumstanced , from either performing for any length of time the duties of soldiers employed on service , or from acquiring the expertness and habits by which those duties must be performed . These were truths which would not probably , be much disputed . All the world would agree , that to talk of giving to citizens and householders , ( 'to resident inhabitants paying scot and lot ' ) to men engaged in professions and callings , who were compelled to live on one spot , were tied down by the care of families , who rejected military controul , were serving without pay , were officered in a great measure by persons of their own description if not of their own choosing , —that to talk of giving to such men the character and qualities of regular soldiers , was the greatest of all absurdities . Yet this which every one would agree in , which no one would be hardy enough to deny , was the utmost that had ever been said , in disparagement , as it was called , of the volunteers . All the rest was a mere military question , by which the volunteers were not at all affected . Once admit that collections of men such as he had just described , were not capable of being formed into regular regiments , that is to say , regiments possessing the properties which were looked for in troops of the line , and it then became a question , to be decided on general military principles , and in which the volunteers were 170 no longer concerned , how far corps of a certain acknowledged inferiority ought to be employed in certain services , or to be placed in certain situations . And here a great mistake seemed to prevail of supposing , that whatever possessed in itself a certain degree of force or strength , must by its addition to any thing of the same description , produce a degree of force more than would be found in either of the parts separately : that strength added to strength would always produce strength . But this was evidently not so . If the addition supposed was not judiciously made , weakness , instead of strength , might be the consequence . No one could doubt that a regiment of four or five hundred men , volunteers or others , must possess some power of annoying an enemy . But was it sure that your line would be strengthened , and your general power of annoying and de-defeating the enemy be increased by such addition ? He would take an example from a profession with which the House and he were , in general , probably less acquainted than they were even with military affairs , but which might happen to be more familiar to them in this particular view . What was the reason that in naval actions , frigates and even fifty gun ships were not suffered to make part of the line ? Was it , that fifty gun ships or even frigates were of no force ? That their balls did not hit hard ? That some of ( heir guns were not even heavier than a part of those which formed the battery of a ship of the line ? By no means . It was , he must conclude , because a line of battle at sea was a species of machine , so constructed , as to require a certain proportionate strength in all its parts , the failure of any one of which would draw after it the failure of all the rest . The same was the case with an army . There also was a line , and which ,