in support of the volunteer system , when I found it was to be resorted to , I as the only means of our general defence : but I am still of opinion , that it is not the best system that could have been resorted 445 to , for the general defence of the country in time of need . And here , Sir , I can not help accusing ministers of wavering from day to day , in their system ? proving thereby , that they had got into a path in which they had met with great difficulties and perplexities , and out of which , I am afraid they are not yet extricated . They first attempted to produce a General Defence Act , out of which arose the volunteer system all over the country . At that time they found , that 450,000 men had inrolled their names for the service of their country . Here I must beg to be understood , as not , in the slightest degree , wishing to depreciate those men , on the contrary , no one has a higher opinion of the goodness of their motives and principles , in thus rushing forward in defence of their country ; but yet I can not help thinking , that it is of essential importance to look back upon this matter , to examine into the question of what we had really to trust to in this mass of 450,000 men ; to see what was this great body , who are now the grand mass of the army of England . I am persuaded , that a great portion of this mass is such as could not be depended upon for effective strength . They were too indiscriminately accepted by government ; persons of all ages and of all descriptions , without regard to infirmity or any unfitness , among whom were many who were not able to march , were received as volunteers . There certainly was a great enthusiasm , and all descriptions rushed forward as volunteers ; this , undoubtedly , did honour to the zeal of the country , but it must not be disguised at the same time , that , among those who came forward , there were many who were quite incompetent to the carrying of arms : in some instances nor above one-half of a whole district were actually fit for effective service . Then came the order of government to reduce their number to that of six times the amount of the militia . This sudden measure had a serious and alarming effect ; it damped the ardour of the country so much , that it became a matter of considerable difficulty to bring men back again , and to persuade them to inrol their names when they found that their friends , with whom they had associated , were not to be allowed to go with them into the field . Now , after all this , and time being given us by the enemy , for he did not appear on our coast , although we all expected him , as explanation came forth from the ministers , the spirit of the people revived , and appeared again in its wonted lustre . Now , what was the intention of ministers at that time ? Did they or did they nor then intend to exempt the volunteers from the 446 army of reserve ? No , they did not ; and so I informed the volunteers then raising , and which I have now the honour to command ; and , to their immortal honour , every man entered as a volunteer , although he thought he would have been liable to the service of the army of reserve . I told them all , that there was not one of them who would have any exemptions by entering as a volunteer , yet every one of them entered , notwithstanding that apprehension . But what was the effect of this ? they were afterwards exempted both from the militia and the army of reserve . And what