of great effect in the hands of a Briton , fighting for every thing that was dear to him . He wished the House to reflect , what would be the situation of these pikemen , at Aldbo-rough for instance , one of the places , where there was a corps of that sort , and which was situated on the part of the coast to which he had been alluding . Here was a straight shore with deep water , and a beach , on which in moderate weather vessels might run with confidence , without even shortening sail : and in these circumstances it was supposed , that when vessels should thus arrive , containing each a hundred soldiers , and carrying a four-and-twenty pounder on its bow , men were to stand on the shore with their pikes , 175 and push them off ! Was this the idea of a bold Briton ? or was it the idea of master Fribble ? `` Begone , fellow , '' You might as well suppose , that the enemy was to be kept off by bodkins or knitting-needles . It was certainly not by a force of this sort , that the coast could be defended . The great argument , indeed , was , that it could not be defended at all , and that therefore no defence should be attempted . And here he wished to recall the attention of the House to that sort of loose , vague , inconsiderate style of reasoning , to which he had before alluded , and to which , it was melancholy to think , the very life and being of the state was sometimes entrusted . When a proposal was made , for securing a part of the coast by works , as happened in the case of an hon . friend behind him ( Colonel Cranford ) the answer universally made was , that you could not fortify every part of the coast ; and thence it was meant to be inferred , that it was useless to fortify any . But what was the sort of reasoning that could lead to this as a conclusion ? In many cases , he was ready to allow , that an argument to that effect would be just . If the question was of shutting mice out of a pantry , the conclusion would be correct , that to stop up one hole was useless , while any other was suffered to remain open . The strength of a chain , according to an old observation , was the strength of the weakest link . To fortify those above it was useless : to add to the strength of those below it might be injurious , as well as useless ; because , without adding to the general strength , you might add something to the weight . But were any one to apply that same reasoning to a chain in a figurative sense , to a chain of posts , nothing could be more false and inconclusive . It is not here as in the other case , that the force applied acted through every part . The force acted only on the part to which it was applied ; and if that part happened to be the strongest , would be resisted with the power of the strongest . It was true , that if the enemy knew your weak point , and could be sure of carrying his attack there , all that he was arguing against , must be admitted . But would any one maintain , that such was the fact ? Was this , what they heard on other occasions ? When the danger of invasion was in discussion , how were those laughed to scorn , who seemed to reason upon the idea , that the enemy , once embarked , could say either where he should , or where he should not , touch the land ? How much of our confidence was founded , and justly founded , on the uncertainty which belongs to all the enemy 's operations ,