who spoke last but one , to read and consider the act of the 42d of his Majesty , as he seemed not to be aware of its provisions . Referring to the remark of the last speaker , which would imply some ; want of patriotism and public spirit in London , he had to observe , that from one instance which came within his own knowledge , that insinuation would not appear to apply . When he was Secretary at War , an otter was made to him by the Drapers ' Company of London , immediately after the commencement of the war , to raise 200 or 30O men for the public service , to be attached to any regiment of the line which government might think proper . This proposal he submitted to the consideration of H R. H. the Duke of York and General Hewit , and it was the opinion of those high authorities , that it would be imprudent to accede to it , for this reason , that it was found that this respectable and wealthy company had not the means , through their own influence and connexions , to raise the number of men specified : and that the probability was , they would offer such high bounties as would interfere with , and do much injury lo , the ordinary course of recruiting for the regular army . This instance he mentioned merely as an answer lo the statement , that the City of London was not sufficiently forward to contribute to the public defence : and he had no doubt , had the offer he described been accepted , that many others of a similar nature ; would have been made . wished to know , whether the proportion of the army of reserve , which London was to furnish , was yet complete ? stated , that there was a deficiency in the city quota , as well as in that of Middlesex ; but that such deficiencies arose , not from the tardiness of those with whom the duty of providing the men rested , but from the frequency of desertion , which took place to a greater extent in this city than in any other district ; and this be conceived it impossible to prevent . It arose from the nature of our police , any change in which , however , he could never persuade himself to propose or to meditate . argued , that from the reading of the Volunteer Act , the distinction taken by the hon . baronet ( Sir W. Young ) was 347 unfounded . This act described only two descriptions of service , namely , volunteers and voluntary services ; and the fact was that not one of the latter description was entitled to exemptions . The hon . baronet had been also erroneous in stating , that the prospect of exemption from the militia and the army of reserve influenced the volunteers ; in contradiction to that assertion , he had to mention a fact which he knew , in consequence of the situation which he held as one of the deputy-lieutenants of Hertfordshire , namely , that the number of volunteers accepter in that county was 2800 , and the number who offered for voluntary , services were 6.600 . The latter were not entitled to , nor did they ever look for exemptions ; though the hon . baronet had stated generally , that almost all the men in the country , capable of military service , were locked up in the volunteers ; and that of course the exemptions were so extensive , that it would be found quite impossible to provide recruits for the regular army . Upon inquiry he had no doubt that such circumstances as he had described in Hertfordshire , would be met with generally throughout the kingdom . said , that his meaning was misconceived by the hon . member who spoke last . rose , and , in a speech of considerable length , took a general view , as well of the volunteer system , as of the