committee . The noble Lord then moved , that Sir John Sinclair be added to it ; agreed to : also Mr. Kinnaird , also Sir William Erskine ; agreed to : also Sir William Pulteney . But here it was observed , that the hon . Baronet 's name stood already among those who had been appointed on the committee . thought that England was as much interested in the consideration of this question as Scotland could be : he should therefore move to-morrow ( not being now prepared with the names ) , that 4 gents , from the latter part of G. Britain be further added to the committee . observed , that the addition proposed by his noble , friend was not intended as increasing the number of voters , but the mass of information that might be brought before the committee . rose to present a petition on the part of . T. Sheridan , Esq . complaining of an undue return for the above borough at the last election . The hon . gent , said , that he should move that the petition be taken into consideration on as early a day as possible after the 17th of April , on which day the petition on the question of right was to be discussed . Indeed , he did not imagine that the petition presented by the other candidate , and which stood for threfore of next month , could with propriety be considered and decided upon , until after the question of right should have been settled . The decision of that question might materially affect the fate of the petition which lie had just presented ; and he could not see that the delaying of the former petition till after the decision of the question of right could be attended with any disadvantage.—Monday , the 23d of April , was accordingly fixed upon for taking into consideration the petition in behalf of Mr. T. Sheridan.—Mr . She- 1062 ridan then proceeded to move , that the order of the day for taking the other petition into consideration , be now read , for the purpose of next moving , that the said order , be discharged , and another made out for a further day . complained of irregularity on the part of the hon . gent , in having omitted to give notice of this motion . He also contended , that , consistent with the usual proceedings of the House , and the fair , claim of the other candidate , the motion could not possibly be acceded to . observed , that the right hon . gent , seemed also to be a wandering light , and not a fixed star ; for had he been in his place yesterday , he would have known that a regular notice had been duly given of his present motion . Mr. Sheridan re-stated , and persisted in his arguments in favour of the motion . differed in opinion with Mr. Sheridan , and thought it unfair that-the business should be brought forward in the absence of Mr. Huskisson . was also of opinion , that the order for taking Mr. Huskisson 's petition into consideration on the 9th April , could not be withdrawn.—After a few words from Mr. Sheridan , who declared he did not know that Mr. Huskisson was out of town , the question was put on his motion , and it was negatived . moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a committee of supply , and that the papers respecting Lord Hood 's claims relative to the captures at Toulon , should be referred to the said committee ; which was ordered . The House having resolved itself into a committee , the right hon . gent , said , he had to call the attention of the committee of a subject , which he could not help thinking required all that indulgence and liberality which they were always accustomed to shew to the exertions of the British navy , a subject which connected itself with one of the