for a complete revision of the system , in order to a complete and effectual amendment of all its detects and errors , instead of tampering I with temporary experiments , which would only expose the system to new difficulties , 457 and to the necessity of resorting , again and again , so the legislature , for new alterations I and amendments ; to the production of new I disputes and discontents . He did hope , that in proposing an effectual amendment to the errors of a system upon which the security and existence of the country so principally depended , the proposition would have been submitted originally to a Committee of the whole House , in order that it might have the advantage of suggestions from gentlemen of great talents on both sides of the House , many of whom had much experience in the volunteer service , and had spent : the greater part of their lives in the army . A measure thus originated would come for ward in a form much more perfect and satisfactory , than that which this night was proposed by the minister ; and would have been much more likely to remedy all errors and defects , and prevent all future cavillings , than one brought forward in so crude a form , without the advantages of such a consultation . He concluded by pressing en the wisdom and prudence of the House , the necessity of a lull deliberation upon a measure of so much importance , and of rendering it , owe for all , so complete , as to obviate , as far as possible , all probable uccessity for further alteration or amendment . in answer to the observations of his learned friend behind him ( Mr. Sturges ) , observed , that it was the duly of government to bring forward such plans and projects of measures , as they deemed advisable for the public service . There was every opportunity for discussion , amendment , and improvement , in the sub-Sequent stages . He had also to advert to another point laid down by his learned I friend , who carried the idea of breach of faith to far greater length than it had been carried before . In his opinion , the power of resigning put a bar to all possibility of breach of faith . It never could have been meant , or understood , that government should be bound up by the original terms of the first I volunteer acts ; and when the right of resignation was recognized and established , Parliament had a right to make every alteration that was deemed just and proper.—With respect to the opinion which he had given , and which had been determined , on the I highest authority , to be erroneous , he did not wish to say any thing . That opinion was now nothing , any farther than it regarded him and he was far from thinking , that the attention of the House would be well taken up by any thing that concerned so humble an individual . But to those who expressed surprize that such an opinion 458 could have been entertained , he could not help observing , that they should consider what the nature of the volunteer contract was . He wished to ask them lie question , whether a volunteer entered into any engagement or not ? He would ask , whether there was not an engagement to come forward , and to be ready in case of invasion ; and was every roan who entered into this engagement to be free from it till invasion came ? It was very strange that an obligation which became so absolute and peremptory as that was , should make no provision for the person being forth coming on whom the obligation was to fill . But it was idle to engage the House in defending an opinion which was nothing more thin a mere conjecture , more or less founded on rational grounds , of what the decision of the judges would be . The decision of