insurrection should render the process of the ordinary law impracticable . He could not avoid Considering the arguments this night offered against the adoption of this bill , as very extraordinary , considering the . persons at which , and the persons from whom , they came , and more especially front the right hon . gentleman opposite to him , ( Mr. Windham , ) who was a member of his Majesty 's government , when a measure exactly similar to the present was first introduced , and was himself can of its most strenuous advocates and defenders . The right hon . gentleman , this night , was loud and vehement in his reprobation of this bill , and in his declaration , that it most undoubtedly was a measure which violated the constitution , and ought not to pass in the present posture of affairs . He remembered , however , when a similar measure was proposed during the administration of the right hon . gentleman ; and when it was resisted by the opposition of that day , as one calculated to exasperate the people of Ireland , and to dispose them still atom to re- 128 bellion , the right hon . gentleman 's language was— '' who is it we are to conciliate ? Is it those who are conspiring in rebellion against us , and against those whom we know to be the loyal supporters and friends of government ? In favour of whom is it that we are called on to relax , in exercising the powers of government ? Is it in favour of traitors , to the abandonment of our loyal fellow subjects ? '' From this language of the right hon . gentleman , upon a former occasion , he begged leave to furnish himself with arguments this night in support of this bill ; and he would ask if there was a loyal man this night in Ireland , who could conceive , from the passing of this bill , the most slight cause to abate in his loyalty and attachment to government ; and if , on the contrary , it would not be received as an additional pledge to every loyal subject , of the care and protection of the government . He was clearly of opinion that the people of Ireland would not be satisfied that parliament had done its duty , if it were to separate without passing the measure . wished the honourable and learned gentleman to consider , that if he meant to expose the opinions of any one , he must take care to state them correctly : for that otherwise the triumph which he would obtain , would be a triumph only over himself . He ( Mr. W ) had never said , that the measure in question , though proper in itself , ought to be rejected , because it would be complained of by those , on whom it was likely to operate . He had never said , as a foundation for such an opinion , that the measure in question was proper . On the other hand , he was as little inclined to say , that it was improper . What he complained of was , that proper or otherwise , the house was adopting it without proof . —Sir , while I highly admire the display of talent which has characterized this debate , I can not but be of opinion , that many of the observations which have been made , might have been well spared . I confess , Sir , that I felt during a great part of the discussion , as a parent who had been just deprived of a beloved child , with the physician seated by me , detailing the circumstance , and reminding me of the agonies under which my child had perished : whilst I eagerly watched the opportunity to exclaim , `` spare me , Sir , this torturing and now unavailing narrative ; my child is gone—Hat loss is irretrievable : but , in the same of God , try and avert the