support of it ; when every possible energy pervades the whole 'branch of the public service over which the noble lord presides ; when naval skill , vigilance and activity , are displayed in every quarter , and the best officers are employed in every direction , with the highest honour to themselves , and the greatest advantages to their country . But Lord St. Vincent , we are told , has prepared , or is preparing , only 23 gunboats , to oppose to the enemy 's attempt at invasion . This accusation , which seems calculated to dispirit the country , comes , let me observe , rather oddly from the right hon . gent , who has called loudly for every confidence which could not be reposed in govt . and has deprecated , in the most earnest language , every appearance of party spirit . The fact , however , is , that there is a greater proportion of force , and of that peculiar kind of naval force adapted to meet the enemy 's armament on the coast , to which the right hon . gent has alluded , than gentlemen expect . They will hear , not per- 884 haps without some surprise , yet I have no doubt with real satisfaction , that our naval strength is not only immense , but admirably composed for a great variety of service . The particulars of a short statement , which I have the honour to submit to the House , can be justified by the roost authentic documents , The ships of the line , frigates , sloops of war , bombs , and other vessels , amount to 511 ; block-ships supplied by the Trinity House are the lighters and small craft fitted in the King 's yards , are , according to the last returns 373 ; the ships furnished by the East-India Company 19 ; and the flotilla completely equipped and ready for immediate service , amounts to 624 . Making all together 1,536 ; and yet , Sir , this force of 1,536 vessels has been prepared and completed by this unworthy First Lord of the Admiralty I But , unfortunately for the safety of the country , the right hon . gent , has discovered , that only 23 gun-brigs have been contracted for . Will the House agree upon the bare assertion of the right hon . gent , that Lord St. Vincent is to blame , and requires a great deal of looking after ; or rather will they not agree , that the opinion of the right hon . gent , has less weight with the country than that of Earl St. Vincent ? `` With respect to building ships by contract , which the right hon . gent , so strenuously recommends , he says , it is nearly impossible to build vessels in the King 's yards in time of war ; but although this assertion may be admitted to a certain extent , it will not , I trust , be denied , that ships may be completed and repaired there . However we consider the question , it is evident , that we have no case made out by the right hon . gent , and that we require some proof besides his bare assertion—I have also to observe , that the merchants ' yards have been tried , and have been found not altogether so well suited to the building of ships as some persons seem to think . Are contractors so fully to be ; relied on , that the right hon . gent , has had no cause to be dissatisfied with them , after an experience of seventeen years ? Besides , Sir , Earl St. Vincent may be so very parsimonious of the public money as to be inimical to all idle expenditure . The speech of the right hon . gent , on this point appears to me to smell of a contract . I shall content myself with an instance of building in the merchants yard ; The Ajax was built for 41,0001. and the