of Parliament is not to be taken up with this matter ; if this is to be the specimen of attention—this the sample of diligence—this the scale of vigilance by which the anxiety of Parliament for the welfare of Ireland is to be measured , . I must repent of the vote I gave , as an English member , for the union , and now , as an Irish member , protest against this apathy in the House towards the interests of Ireland . Such must be my feeling , and such my sentiment if this inquiry is to be refused . I must repent of what I did as an English member before the union , and in my present capacity of an Irish member , complain that Ireland has not her fair share of your attention.—But not only is this motion supposed to be improper , on account of the valuable time of Parliament which would be taken up by it , but it is improper also , because the valuable attention of my Lord Hardwicke would be taken up by it ; and it is asked how the government of Ireland is to go on , if this motion is carried , for then he will be compelled to come over to this coun- 755 try for his defence ? And here , Sir , I must disclaim every thing personal in the present motion : the noble personage supposed to be the most interested in it , I have no knowledge of , otherwise than from the government of which he is the chief magistrate . I have no knowledge of my Lord Hardwicke . I never saw him , nor ever heard of him but as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland . I beg leave to say , that I am not to be understood to intend any thing personally disrespectful to that noble lord ; I speak of him merely in his official capacity on this occasion : but sti11 when the question is whether he has governed Ireland well or ill , I must be allowed to speak ray mind freely , nor will I take the plea in bar which has been offered to this inquiry by my noble friend , that the noble lord has no time to defend his conduct . What if he be obliged to come away from Ireland ? What if he be a valuable chief magistrate ? `` I hope we have within the land five hundred good as he . '' I see no absolute necessity for his remaining in Ireland . If he has incurred the suspicion of Parliament , I see no reason why he should not be recalled and brought before this Parliament to make his defence , and another appointed in the office which he now holds . It may be urged , that this course would be indecorous towards the noble lord , but I would ask whether a similar delicacy has been observed in other instances ? Has it been observed with regard to General Fox ? Has it not been thought necessary to recal General Fox , even although it is admitted now that there was no objection to him ? —And why , if the lord lieutenant has incurred the suspicion of Parliament , should not he also be recalled ? It is now plainly admitted , that there was no objection whatever to the conduct of that gallant officer , and yet he was recalled , know not by what chain of necessity Lord Hardwicke is so bound to the office of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , that however he may be accused , he can not come home to defend himself.—As to the arguments of my noble friend in bar of inquiry , he seems to have rested them upon three different grounds : 1st , that the government of Ireland had ample , information ; 2d , that the danger of the day was not so great as it has been represented ; and 3dly . ( aground which has no relation to the mot on ) that since the surprize into which government