when such circumstances are likely to arise in the estimation of ministers , for , from their conduct heretofore , it seems impossible to calculate ; they have been ministers during peace , and during war , during rebellion and after rebellion has been put down . They have in fact , been nearly three years in power , and have gone through every variety of change and circumstance , and yet , to them , the time for considering the means of improving the condition of Ireland , has never yet arrived ; for by them , every season has been deemed improper for the redress of its grievances , and of course under their auspices , the beneficial conseces promised by the advocates of the union , can not be looked for . On the part of the Irish I complain , that the minister of that day urged as a motive for hurrying on that measure , that the subject of the grievances of Ireland would be brought where it could be discussed with temper , liberality , and wisdom ; but , no sooner Was it brought to this side of the water , than it was discovered that it ought not to be brought forward , and for the very same reason , namely , that it would agitate the country and produce the most mischievous consequences.—I big the house to understand that the condition of that people can not be ameliorated by one , two , or three measures , but by a great and comprehensive system , the result of a fair , and full view of the whole question ; adapted to the wants , and calculated to have a permanent operation on the interests of the country . In giving my support to the bills before the house , I confess my disposition to do so , is considerably damped , by observing that mi- 73 nisters manifest no inclination to take such steps as can alone prevent the recurrence of that calamity , against which , these bills are intended to guard , namely by sifting the state of Ireland to the bottom , by deliberating upon it , week after week , and session after session.—I can not help indulging an ardent hope , from what passed on the first day of this session , that this delicate and important question , will soon be taken up by that great character ( Mr. Fox ) the enlightened champion of the happiness and independence of mankind , the benevolence of whose heart is as entensive as the views and energies of his mind.—I feel deeply impressed by the liberal indulgence I have experienced from the house , on whose patience I have too much trespassed , but when the affairs of Ireland are agitated , I can not induce myself to remain silent . —I rise , Sir , to give my most perfect support to the measures intended to be brought forward by the right hon . Secretary . They are certainly strong measures , but they are the only ones that will give security to he loyal inhabitants of Ireland . I have listened with great satisfaction to the early part of the speech of the hon . gent , who has just sat down ( Col. Hutchinson ) , because I know there is one part of Ireland in which the opinion of 'hat hon . gent , will have considerable weight . As to the question to which the hon . gent , afterwards alluded , I think that a time of war is not the proper period for the discussion of it , or of any question tending to interfere with the constitution . I felt it my duty to say thus much , and I shall sit down with giving my cordial support to the motion . —I shall support the motion , Sir , because , from the observations which I had an opportunity of making during the summer , I am convinced that the measures proposed are necessary for the security of the country . It is of considerable consequence to give