be a friend to the present volunteers , because it appears to him that the discipline of the volunteers is not such as the nature of their service require , and he 626 looks to the application of another species of force directed in a way totally different . He professed himself an advocate for die services of an armed peasantry , as infinitely preferable to any voluntary service derived from the present system of voluntary service . I wish , Sir , on this point , to recall to the attention of the House , that the question we have now to consider is not what , under given circumstances , would be the best system of national defence , but what is that which can be obtained in the shortest time possible ? I have already declared , that the volunteer system was far from appearing to me in its present state to be perfect ; but the question is , whether we shall allow a bill , designed to improve that system , which has been read a second time , to go to a Committee , in which a variety of important alterations maybe introduced ; or whether we shall allow the bill to drop , and at a moment when the great crisis may be at hand , enter on a system entirely new in all its parts , and crude in all its dependencies ? We have only to consider at present , how far it would be proper to allow the blanks to be filled up in the bill this evening , to give every gentleman to-morrow a fair opportunity of delivering his thoughts on a subject so interesting to every order in the community.—With many of the remarks of the hon . gent , who spoke last , I do most heartily concur ; but I am sorry that I have the misfortune to differ with him in one or two instances , which before I sit down I shall have occasion to state . To the subject of the limitation of the number of volunteers , I request the attention of the House for a few moments ; and I shall first allude to the number of volunteers in the counties situated on the coast . It will be recollected , Sir , that in fixing the amount of the number of voluntary offers to be commuted for compulsory service , ministers agreed to fix the general standard at six times the amount of the militia . The policy of making such a limitation was never to me very apparent ; but it struck me as particularly objectionable , as applicable to the situation of Kent and other maritime counties more immediately exposed to direct invasion . In the county of Kent , with which I have the good fortune to be connected , the public spirit rose to a pitch far beyond the most sanguine expectations . It was lively and vigorous . It was adequate to any emergency , and never exhibited the least evidence of decay , till it was checked by the restrictions of ministers . It appeared clear to every man who reflected for a moment on the subject , that the same criterion as to the number of ve- 627 lunteers , could not be applied to Kent or any other county on the coast , as to Derby , to Warwick , or any other county in the interior . The gentlemen and magistrates of the county of Kent were soon so fully aware of this , and convinced that the adoption of the limitation of ministers would be highly inexpedient , that they actually met for the purpose of preparing a representation on the subject . Such a representation was prepared , and ministers so far yielded to these remonstrances , that the amount of offers of voluntary service was by one-half extended . But even alter this concession on the part of ministers , I have to state , Sir , that 50O0 individuals had offered their services , which ministers have not thought proper to receive . I , in the