a long course of danger , which might last with more or less interruption and remission , and possibly with great occasional increase , for a period , as was well stated in the present instance , of which the youngest of us might not live to see the conclusion . In the latter of these cases , it was idle to say , that we could confine 975 our thoughts merely to the consideration of the danger of the moment . We could not do so , without an abandonment of all the principles of right reason , and of civil prudence , both public and private . It might be admitted , if any one pleased , that the character of the present danger was such us to allow of no comparison with any consideration of a different sort ; that no thought of future prosperity or greatness , of riches , of commerce , or any other object of national interest , could be opposed to that first and paramount consideration , the salvation and actual existence of the state . But the comparison which he was contending for , and which the present case required , was not of Safety against interest , life against money , & c. & c , —quantities between which there might be no comparison or proportion , but of safety against safety , danger against danger , the danger of the present moment against that of the next and every one that was to succeed it . There was the same fallacy in the reasonings which he was adverting to , as occurred often in discussions upon the treaty of Amiens ; and other occasions of that sort , where the question used to be described as a question between war and peace . The answer was , that it was not a question between war and peace , but , as we now experienced to our cost , between war and war—war such as it was at that time , and war such as we now find it to be , when we are shut up as prisoners in our own island , and are lighting , not to conquer the enemy , but to preserve ourselves from destruction . We must inevitably , therefore , and whether we would or no , take into our consideration the interests of future moments , as well as of the present , and not be guilty of the folly of trying to save ourselves from the present danger , by means that must ensure our perishing under the selfsame danger the moment after . The only possible case in which we could justify the disregard of all precautions for our future safety , would be , the certainty that the present danger must overwhelm us . If he were sure that he must perish to-day , he might safely neglect all provision for to-morrow : but if he were not sure of perishing to-day , and . that the danger was of that sort which , even if averted for the moment , would not thereby cease and pass away , he must , upon every principle of reason , in considering the means necessary for his present safety , have a view 976 to the dangers which were immediately to succeed.—Under this conviction , therefore , and upon these principles , the House must come to the consideration of that third proposition which he had adverted to , and on which the present bill was founded ; namely , that the improvement of the volunteer System , supposing it to be the best for present defence , was for that reason , and without further inquiry , to be adopted . Two questions were for this purpose equally important . Was the improvement of the volunteer system , the measure most efficacious for present defence ? And admitting it even to be so , was it the measure ( taking in , agreeably to what he had just been contending for , both present and future dangers ) which would most conduce to our safety upon the whole , and