out of the whole quota required for that district . Could there , he desired to ask their Lordships , be a more decisive proof of the improvidence and culpable neglect of ministers ? Was it not admitted that the peace was not considered to be lasting ? Was it not allowed by ministers themselves , that during the short interval of peace , the whole conduct of the enemy had been one uniform system of violence and aggression ? On what principle it was , then , that the ministers disbanded the militia , or were so backward in re-embodying them , he could not pretend to decide . Their conduct in this instance was hardly reconcilable to any of the ordinary principles of human affairs . It was a subject of considerable interest to look to the successive measures of Ministers for the defence of the country . The first in any point of view calculated to secure the augmentation of the regular army , was the bill for raising the army of reserve . But how was the operation of this act encouraged by subsequent proceedings ? The conduct of Ministers was characterised by their usual confusion and irregularity . They immediately introduced the General Defence Act , and much time was employed in reducing this measure to any degree of consistency . Hardly two days elapsed , before in two or three lines the whole measure is rendered nugatory . Ministers take on themselves to hold forth , that voluntary offers of service shall be commuted for the provisions of the General Training Act . Not contented with this , they introduce a most extensive and unparalleled system of exemptions . They go so far as to introduce into a volunteer bill provisions , exempting not only from the ballots for the militia and army of reserve then in existence , but from all ballots which might afterwards be appointed by a solemn act of the legislature . What the effect of such a system was , he needed not to enlarge on . It must be obvious to every noble Lord who took the trouble to exercise his judgment on the subject , that such provisions were utterly incompatible with the existence of a regular army . He desired their Lordships to reflect on what had been done for the military defence of the country since the commencement of the present session of Parliament . About 5 months had already elapsed , and all that had hitherto , been brought forward to perfect our military system was , to lay on the table of their 1037 Lordships a bill which he must be forgiven in pronouncing altogether nugatory . I struck him that the bill was quite inefficient to any great object , not only from the absence of many important previsions , but from the presence of others which were not only useless , but , in his view , highly reprehensible . How far the present objectionable clauses might be removed or amended , he would not now pretend to decide , though he certainly had no very sanguine hope , that even after every effort to improve it , the bill could be rendered adequate to any great permanent object . Considered as a separate measure , it was altogether inefficient . Viewed as a part of a whole , it was utterly incompatible with every other part of the system applicable to the crisis in which the country was placed . He was hardly required to repeat what he had said at the outset of his observations , that he had the most perfect reliance on the zeal and spirit of the volunteers in every part of the empire . At the same time he could not help saying , that the species of force most applicable to the national danger , was that which ministers were in duty bound to bring forward with the least possible delay . Of the courage of the volunteers it was impossible to entertain a doubt ; and after the previous experience which had been obtained of the service of the militia , no man