law , to go on with their ordinary functions . Such a power as this , which he 246 had now stated grew out of the constitution , and was essential to its perfect application . It was an arrangement for affording to the well-affected part of the empire , the enjoyment of their usual privileges , and , at the same time , arming government with such power as would enable them to put down rebellion , whether openly arrayed in the field , or secretly meditating the means of renewed insurrection . It was to the government , a measure of strength ; to the well affected , a measure of confidence and protection ; to rebels , a measure of punishment and terror . In whatever light he regarded it as applicable to the present situation of Ireland , it appeared to him the wisest measure of precautionary power , that , under existing circumstances , could be adopted . Nothing but a conviction of its absolute necessity , could have induced his Majesty 's ministers to urge its adoption . They had hitherto shewn no disposition to innovate on the privileges of the constitution , and , therefore , in proposing measures at this moment , which every friend to the constitution could propose only from a persuasion of their necessity , they were entitled to full credit for the sincerity of their motives . The noble lord , after a few more observations to the same effect , sat down by moving , first , that the bill for the continuance of the Irish Habeas Corpus Suspension Bill be read a second time.—The question being put from the chair , rose , to offer a few remarks to the House . It was not his intention to oppose the motion of the noble Secretary of State for the second reading of the bill more immediately before the House ; nor for the second reading of the Martial Law Bill , by which it was to be followed . He lamented exceedingly the necessity of such measures , but , believing them to be necessary , he could not , consistently with his duty , object to their adoption . What he chiefly rose to advert to at present , was the extraordinary deficiency of information which their lordships had to complain of respecting the present situation of Ireland . For his own part he was quite at a loss to know what was the state of that country , from any thing which had fallen from his Majesty 's ministers . This was , however , a subject so extremely interesting , that he could not reconcile it to himself not to make some attempt to obtain fuller information . The adoption of measures of severity proved that there was considerable disaffection , and that the people conceived themselves to labour under grievance 's which alienated their affections from the govern- 247 ment . When he heard of the existence of such grievances , he was naturally induced to inquire from what causes the complaints of the existence of these grievances proceeded . He really knew not where to apply for an answer to this question . he was at a loss to ascertain where he had reason to expect the solution of his doubts on the subject . With this view of the subject , he could not but think , that it was the duty of Parliament to make it the ground of specific inquiry . Till the real situation of Ireland was known , it was impossible for the Legislature to know what were the measures most expedient to be adopted . When the grievances under which the people laboured were considered and understood , then , and then only , could an adequate , extended , and permanent remedy be applied When insurrection existed in a country , and when that insurrection was suppressed , it then became the duty of a wise government to endeavour to discover what was the leading cause which induced the people to desert their allegiance . An inquiry into the stale of Ireland was the