and the House would have discharged its duty with attention and with due regard to the interest of the people of Ireland . Every body would be satisfied with the degree of alleviation , if net of remedy , which this might produce , or they would be convinced , after full inquiry , that it was not possible to do any thing upon the subject.—With regard to the circulation of Ireland , the House would bear in recollection , that this subject had not escaped the 655 attention of ministers . It had been repeatedly adverted to in the last session , and in the session before . In the last session an act was passed to prohibit the circulation of what was called silver notes in Ireland , from the 1st of Jan. 1804 . The propriety of that act was at that time doubted , and as many Irish members were prevented from attending Parliament by their military duties , an act was passed at the commencement of this session to suspend the operation of that act for six months ; so that it appeared that the statement of the right hon . gent , though true , had not escaped the attention of his Majesty 's ministers.—With regard to the at ate of exchange between Great Britain and Ireland , when it appeared that the balance of exchange was in favour of Ireland in those parts of that country where gold was in circulation , and that it was against Dublin , where there was only paper in circulation , the quantity of paper issued must be looked upon as one of the causes of the depreciation of paper . But besides this , there was , he was convinced , a very considerable degree of management in the subject of exchange . When the treasury of Ireland ceased lo draw upon this country for the amount of the loan , it was observable that the exchange rose considerably in four or five days . There were violent fluctuations of 2 , 3 , and even 4 per cent . He had , therefore , no doubt , but that a very considerable degree of management was used in creating these violent fluctuations of exchange , which were so advantageous to individuals.—With regard to what had been said on the subject of remittances , there was one species of remittance to Ireland which had not been alluded to . The loan remitted from this country to Ireland certainly affected the immediate balance ; but the fact was , that the expenditure in Ireland was greater than its contribution to the joint expenditure , of the United Kingdom . The consequence of that was , that very considerable sums were remitted to that country , and that was one reason why Ireland had been better able to go on than she otherwise would have done.—Then was one subject adverted to by the right hon . gent , who had made the motion , upon which he could by no means agree with him . The right hon . gent , in stating the balance of trade to be against Ireland , had argued entirely upon what was called the original value , but it was perfectly well known that the official value was very considerably or low the real value . It was certainly true , that if gentlemen were guided by the official value of the exports , the balance of trade would appear to be against Ireland , whereas , 656 if they looked to the real value of the article exported , which certainly was the only true way of knowing whether the balance was for or against a country , the balance would appear to be in favour of Ireland . To illustrate this point , he would mention one or two instances . It was perfectly well known , that the second great article of export from Ireland was provisions . The barrel of beef exported from Ireland was valued in the official books at l6s . per cwt . whereas , in fact , the real value , that is to