reigns of Henry VII . of Ed . VI . and of Henry II . This , my Lords , is a right consequent to the sword , it does not exclusively belong to the sovereign of this country , but is inherent in whom ever may possess the executive power in any state . If the noble Lord will refer to Vattel , or any other of the writers upon the laws of nations , he will find that they are unanimous in declaring , that such a power makes part of the prerogative , whether royal or executive , in all the countries that possess any thing like a legitimate or civilized government . As to the noble Earl 's supposition , that this prerogative conferred the power of throwing all classes of persons indiscriminately into the ranks , I must decidedly oppose it . No , my Lords , no such abuse of it can ever be committed ; men are to be employed according to their states , to their habits of life , and to the modes in which they may be most useful . But I trust , that in case of extreme necessity , no man , who bears the semblance and appearance of a man , who values his country and his domestic ties , and who is to fight body to body , pro aris et focis , will stickle about the mode in which his energies can be most advantageously brought into action . My Lords , unfitted even as I am by habit and education for maintaining such a contest , yet in such a case of extreme necessity , I should not think I did my duty to my country , or to my . children , if I did not cast this gown 1029 from my back , and employ every faculty of my mind , and of my body , to grapple with the enemy . I shall not at present make any observations on the principle , or the provisions of this bill . I rose merely , conceiving myself alluded to by the noble Earl , for the purpose of declaring what I understood the law to be as to a particular point , and I trust I have satisfied him , as well as other noble Lords , professed that he was by no means convinced by the arguments of the noble and learned Lords . Having proceeded to some length in repeating his former reasoning , he was called to order by who gave it as his opinion , that the whole of the noble Earl 's speech was irrelevant to the bill before them . stated , that he rose for the purpose of explanation , a privilege seldom denied by the courtesy of their Lordships ; and if they should on the present occasion deviate from their usual practice , it was competent for him to move for a Committee , in which he would have the liberty of speaking as often as he pleased . His Lordship resumed his argument , when he was a second time called to order by who expressed his extreme reluctance to interrupt the noble Earl , but he thought it due to the dignity and regularity of their Lordships proceedings , not to suffer such irrelevant matter to be introduced into the debate ; he must , therefore , be under the necessity of appealing to the standing orders of the House.—The order was here read by the Clerk , which was in substance as follows : `` that if any noble Lord should desire a committee , it should not be refused him . '' wished , as the present was , in all probability , the only opportunity that he should have to debate the principles of the bill , to trespass , for a few minutes , on their Lordships attention , He would confess that he saw no advantages whatever likely to arise from the present bill , and he conceived that the defence of the county , so far from being improved , was materially injured by the