. gent has said that if any corps should persist in the right of recommending to his Majesty its officers to command them , that he should advise his Majesty to dismiss that corps ; that he should advise his Majesty , in the first instance , not to listen to such recommendation ; and , in the second , to dismiss such corps if they should persist in such recommendation . This , Sir , I apprehend , is much too genera . The terms of the corps which I have the honour to command were , that they should serve under officers specifically named by themselves ; not only so , but also such as they may recommend hereafter to his Majesty , through the medium of the lord lieutenant of the county . Their services were accepted after they sent in these terms , nor were the terms in the least degree qualified when the service of this corps was accepted . If they had been told that they should not have this choice or recommendation not only of their present commander but also of their other officers , or that they should not be allowed to continue to have that recommendation , I really apprehend , Sir , that no such corps would have been formed at all . Now I should like to ask the right hon . gent. , whether he would think himself consistent if he attempted to take away from that corps the right of recommendation at all ? As to the distinction between election and recommendation , I can hardly perceive it they are in substance the same ; for neither means any more , than to submit to the lord lieutenant the propriety of his transmitting to the Secretary of State , the names of the persons whom they wished to be commanded by ; but , of course , the crown , acting on the advice of its ministers , would have the right of judging whether 443 such person ? were fit to be commanders or not . Upon this subject there can be no doubt . Now , in the corps to which I have the honour to belong , the terms of their services are such , that if any vacancy were to happen for an officer , I should apply to the corps to say who they would wish to fill it : undoubtedly I should feel myself bound to do so . Why , then , what is this but an election ? And where is the evil of all this ? The lord lieutenant has a right to say , I will not forward this recommendation to the Secretary of Stale , for I do not think the person recommended is fit for the office , or if the lord lieutenant should forward it , the Secretary of State may say that it shall not take place , and advise his Majesty to that effect ; then it will come back again to chuse another , and they must go on with their recommendations until they have hit upon somebody to whom neither the lord lieutenant nor the Secretary of State has any objection ; so that no one can ever have a commission in any volunteer corps , without the approbation of the crown ; and this is in itself , as it appears to me , desirable , for the men ought to know the character of the person under whom they are to serve . But the right hon . gent , adverted to volunteer corps under establishments , like those of the last war , or if not those of the last war , of establishments different from those under which the present volunteer corps were formed . They have hitherto , all enjoyed the power if not of electing , of recommending their officers : now I wish to know , whether this power was given to the volunteer corps by law , or by connivance of the crown ? If by law , it must belong to them generally ; if by connivance , I should like