specie , but there were in that country obvious causes which made that disposition almost universal . He did not speak of the North of Ireland , where fide was carried on almost all with specie , and the people had a confidence in each other , which , he was sorry to say , was not the case in the other provinces . The object of the lower classes of people in Ireland was to get specie , and the moment it was obtained it was buried , without the person so secreting it communicating it even to his wife or children , the consequence of this were , that immense quantities was lost . This disposition had produced the most fatal effects in Ireland . Tenants before they would pay their rents in specie would suffer themselves to be distrained and their cattle sold . They had no objection to pay in paper , because they 497 thought , in rise of a successful convulsion , it would be of no value . But long before the restriction on the Bank , there was a great scarcity of specie arising from its being hoarded . He hoped , therefore , when gentlemen were discussing these subjects ; they would bear in mind the great difference between the two countries , and not suffer themselves to decide too hastily upon general principles . paid , he would not add much to the of the discussion : he rose in consequence of what had fallen from the noble lord , to whom he paid some high compliments . He was sorry he could hot undertake ill it which the noble lord had recommended to him . viz . to move for a committee inquire into this subject . He trusted , however , that all that had passed upon this and a former occasion , would impress upon ministers the necessity of speedily adopting some measure for the relief of that country , and lie was sure could be done much more effectually by the gentlemen on the Bench below him ( the Treasury Bench ) than by himself.—The bill was then read a third time ; and on the motion `` that the bill do pass , '' said , he did entertain a hope that ministers would have expressed an intention of taking up this subject , but as they remained silent , he felt the call upon him so imperiously , that he would , on a future day . bring the matter under the consideration of Parliament , at the same time he should be glad if ministers would take the task oat of his hands . called the attention of the right hon . gent . on the Bench below him ( Mr. Corry ) to the subject of the Militia of Ireland . He stated circumstances to shew that the Militia now existing in Ireland had been raised under the provision of an Act of Parliament , which was made for the purpose of providing for the families of Militia-men in certain cases . Some of the balloted men he knew had received the bounties . In the month of August a bill was passed to regulate and model the mode of giving bounties , and for providing for the families of militiamen , by which two shillings a weak were allowed to the helpless father or helpless , mother of a militiaman , and to the brother or sister one shilling per week . The militia was raised while this bill was in force . Afterwards another bill was brought into Parliament , and passed , by which the father and mother had only one shilling per work , and the brother and sister nothing , He did not say any thing upon the question , whether the first allowance was too much or the second too little , but he said 498 that the militia was engaged on the faith of the former , and all that he wished was , that some measure should be had for keeping good faith with those men who entered under tire old law , but