every effort would be made to interrupt the continuance of tranquillity , more particularly when they were encouraged by the expectation of deriving foreign aid from the enemy holding out threats of immediate invasion . It was therefore to these individuals themselves , an act not of severity but of mercy , to continue the operation of the measure in question . It was necessary by vesting government with these extraordinary powers , to convince them that perseverance in their treasonable designs was hopeless , before they could be induced to return to the habits of peaceable allegiance . When they found that they could not take a single step without being watched ; when they saw that their pursuits could be blasted in a moment ; when they perceived that government possessed the means of instant and signal punishment , it might be reasonably supposed that they would he induced to abandon pursuits evidently leading to inevitable ruin . It was barely an act of justice to make them take up such a view of their conduct and situation . The idea of rebellion ought to be banished from their thoughts by shewing them that it was a project altogether impracticable . On every consideration of experience , of policy , of justice , and of mercy , he was decidedly for re-enacting the bill . He trusted that the hon . gent , would not be inclined to persist in his opposition , or contend that at least the re-enactment of the bill ought to be deferred . Nothing appeared to him so likely to encourage the loyal part of the community , which had such powerful claims to support . Nothing could so effectually discourage the designs or extinguish the hopes of the disaffected . It was necessary to let the disaffected see that the government possessed the confidence of the legislature , and that they would receive whatever support the exigencies of affairs required . To refuse to invest government with powers which there was no danger of seeing in any instance employed with harshness , would elate the spirits of the deluded victims of rebellion , while it would paralyse the exertions and augment the fears of those firm and patriotic friends of the constitution whom it was the duty of Parliament to support by every possible extension of liberal provision . The noble lord concluded by giving has decided 79 support to the motion.—Leave was granted to bring in the bill . It was accordingly brought in , read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday . next moved , for leave to bring in a bill to continue , for a time to be limited , the bill of last session , for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland , by enabling government to establish martial law . On the motion being put from the chair , rose to express his reasons for opposing the motion . He begged it to be understood that he did not found his objections to it from any want of confidence in those who were to exercise the powers to be granted by the bill . On the contrary , he had the most entire confidence that these powers would in no instance be abused , either by the government of Ireland or the government of this country . His objection was founded on constitutional grounds . He was convinced that it must be a principle with every man who loved the constitution , never to give his assent to a bill conferring such extraordinary powers , without the most urgent and imperious necessity . Acting on this principle , he could not , on the ground of confidence in government , consent to violate the constitution , unless the necessity of such violation was clearly established . When this bill was formerly passed , a rebellion actually raged in Ireland , and ample documents to prove its necessity were laid on the table of the house . At present KO sort of evidence to prove its necessity was brought forward . Had any parliamentary evidence been adduced ? Were