acting against the enemy . When , therefore , gentlemen , who prefer our present volunteers to an armed peasantry , ground that preference on their pretended superiorly in military skill , I say they are completely mistaken The armed peasantry , such as I propose , would be much better taught than they are for real use ; besides being infinitely more numerous.—But , Sir , when I regret that one effect of the exemptions granted to the volunteers is to prevent our having an irregular armament as extensive as I should wish , the answer is that this I is of no consequence , for that the want of a sufficient number of arms would prevent it even if the exemptions did not.—What signifies ( say they ) whether the mistake in the bill produces the effect you complain of or not ; for if more men were enrolled they could not be armed ? So that the ministers are reduced to the dilemma of urging their neglects as an excuse for their blunders.—Upon this subject of arms , Sir , I remember that on a former occassion ( the debate on the army estimates ) I acknowledged that a statement made by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) did appear to me to acquit the board of ordnance of any charge of neglect or want of exertion since the commencement of the war . But I certainly should not have said this , if the noble lord , at the same time that he told us bow many arms had been issued since the commencement of hostilities , had also told us how many there were in store when war was declared . This latter statement has since been given us ; and on comparing the one with the other , it appears that the number issued within these last twelve months is only 35,000 more than were then in the arsenals . I therefore retract my former concession , and again assert , that there has been great want of exertions somewhere . Perhaps the ordnance department is not to blame ; they can only act in conformity to the instructions they receive from government ; but if the ordnance has not been remiss , government has . To this I suppose they will answer , that I ought to make allowance for the number of arms that are now in store . In the first place , I should like to know what the number is ? And then , Sir , when they say we have a great armoury in reserve , I should like to ask the hon . gentlemen whether they have also an army in reserve ? And I should be glad to know what great benefit we shall derive , in case of emergency , from this great store of arms ( supposing it to exist ) when they have taken 593 no measures for procuring men who know how to make use of them ? But , if from whatever cause , a sufficient quantity of fire arms can not now be had for so extensive an armament as I propose , I do most earnestly recommend it to his Majesty 's ministers to endeavour , through the influence of the general officers , and all other means in their power , to inspire the people with a confidence in the use of the pike.—I consider this to be a subject of the greatest importance ; and I think , that under the present circumstances , I could hardly render a greater service to my country than by contributing to bring this weapon into fashion.—You might have as many pikemen as you please in the course of a few weeks ; and every man carrying , besides his pike , a spade , a hatchet or other useful implement ; they would prove in every respect a most important addition to your strength . So convinced am I of this , that I will rather incur the risk of being considered tedious , than omit any opportunity of impressing it on the minds of his Majesty 's ministers.—If the