of the nature which he mentioned are raised at ail for the formation of corps of volunteers . I believe that there are many instances to the contrary ; and I can assure the House , as one instance , that , towards the formation of a large corps which I have the honour and the happiness to command , there has been no subscription at all . The men were actually clothed out of the allowance made by government , with a very inconsiderable addition ; and I feel a pride in stating , that not the smallest objection has been made by one individual to clothing of that description . It was not cloth at forty shillings a yard , to be sure , but the corps was extremely contented , and were not quite of an unsoldier-like appearance . Where there have been subscriptions , I conceive that they were directed principally to this object , and I am therefore at a loss to conceive how government need apprehend , even in the most distant perspective , that any call will be made on the public purse to afford any assistance , especially as it was generally understood that the clothing was to last three years.—The right hon . gentleman has asserted , that no less a bounty than 50l per man has been given to substitutes for die army of reserve . Gentlemen en the other skis : of the House were fond of adverting to the solitary instance of the metropolis . To that fact I can not speak ; but I can assert , from my own knowledge , that in she county in which I reside , the price of a substitute is never more than 25 guineas , some times 20 , and die average is 22—In the same way , the right hon . gent , has argued on the argued on the committees . A solitary instance was stated on a former night , of a corps being governed by a committee . Ab uno disce omnes , is hardly a fair way of judging , I have seen many corps of volun- 340 teers , and have heard of more , but I know of no such regulations . The system is a bad one ; nothing should induce me to hold any commission in such a corps , or to have any thing to do with it , It is an unfair mode of arguing , to infer , that because there was one solitary instance , it must be the general description of volunteer corps . I have , indeed , read such arguments of late , but I little expected to have heard them urged by gentlemen of enlightened understandings.—As to the injury done to the recruiting service , that point has been completely answered by the statement of the Secretary at War. , and by other gentlemen . Facts can not be done away by the loose and vague opinions of individuals . They are so unanswerable , that I shall not dwell on this objection.—I mean nothing offensive to the right hon . gent , in what I am going to add : but I must ; once for all express my grief and my astonishment , that the right hon . gent , should have adopted , and now persevere in a course of language , disparaging , discountenancing , and discrediting a description of men , on whose services the safety of the country not a little depends . The right hon . gent , perhaps , despises popularity ; I am nevertheless astonished that , without any adequate reason , he should set himself in opposition to the universal voice . But I will tell that right hon . gent , that every corner of the kingdom echoes its reprobation of the language which he has held since the meeting of Parliament , People can not comprehend , posterity will scarcely believe , that in a moment of danger so unparalleled , one individual could be found , who would gravely assert , that 400,000 Britons in arms were not I