the militia . He concurred in the applause bestowed on the troops in question , and said , that from his long residence in Ireland , he knew that an equal spirit of patriotism prevailed in the whole army in . that country . only rose to advert to a point mentioned by the noble Sec . of State . He could not perceive how the reciprocal services of the militia of both countries could augment our disposable force . He agreed in the applause bestowed on the troops in question , but the message was worded in such a way , that there was no understanding whether the offer had been made by all the militia , by whole regiments , or by parcels of regiments . This was a point of some importance to ascertain . wished that the subject should be properly understood . Was it all the militia who had offered , or some regiments , or was it some parcels of regiments ? said , that as far as his recollection served , it was made by whole regiments.— '' The question on the address was then put and carried without opposition . observed , that the united Church was under obligations to the noble and learned Lord who had 1059 turned his attention to this measure , and removed the ambiguity of the Church laws on this subject . He should have a good deal to say when the bill came to be committed . Churchmen had an idea that ordination could not be done away when regularly conferred : be was of that opinion , but agreed in the clause which went to make it void , in case conferred before the proper age , and the reasons for his opinion he would give in the committee.—The bill was then lead a second time , and ordered to be committed on Friday se'en-night.—The House then adjourned for the recess to Thursday se'ennight . moved the order of the day for taking into further consideration the report of the bill for providing for the Irish militiamen and their families . renewed his objections to the bill , more particularly to the clause which went to deprive certain of the militia from the benefit which former bills held out to them , and on the condition of being entitled to which they had enlisted . He enumerated the various hardships to which their wives would be exposed , if the present clause remained unaltered , and contended that it would operate with regard to the militiamen , to whom he bad more particularly alluded , as a breach of faith on the part of Parliament . observed , that when the bill to which the right hon . gent , referred were , passed , they had the concurrence of that right hon . gent . The mode in which the proposed allowances were formerly paid differed materially from that in which it was now intended they should be paid . They were now to flow immediately from the Exchequer ; and if the clause was amended in the manner the right hon . gent , suggested , it would become an impediment in the way of the new regulations which it was deemed expedient to adopt . The militiamen were now entitled to as good an allowance as they were formerly ; and he was at a loss to see how the new plan could be considered as a breach of faith on the part of Parliament—After a few words in explanation between Mr. Foster and Mr. Corry , the clause was allowed to remain in its ori- 1061 ginal form ; and the amendments being agreed to , the bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . anxious that on the part of Scotland every possible information should be laid before the committee appointed to inquire into what difference should be allowed in the duty payable on malt made from Scotch barley , and that made from English barley , rose pursuant to notice to move , that four gents , whom he should name be further added to that