my opinion , wise to attempt to lay down any general rule to govern all cases of motions for parliamentary inquiry . The grounds in the present ; case are three : two of them are of a general kind ; the reason for or against the inquiry , is not to be considered as conclusive on the one side or the other , but considered from both together . Each case of proposed inquiry in this House should be I considered , not with reference to any rule that is supposed to be binding , but should be decided upon its own particular merits , It is injudicious to say that inquiries in this House are at all times improper , or at all times I to be indulged , but the House will judge in ; each case as it appears before it , will judge when the topics are brought before it , whether the facts complained of are justly so complained of , and therefore ought to be inquired into , or whether they are assumed facts , and not to be considered ; whether , in short , the accusation is justly made , or wantonly made ; whether the resistance to it is made with a sense of the integrity of ; the parties accused , and of the merit of their case , or brought forward to prevent its vile-ness and rottenness from being searched , and proceeds from an unwillingness to expose it.—My noble friend who now resists the present inquiry has not been sparing in his general topics , but has urged them with a plainness of colouring I hardly ever noticed before . What has may noble friend said against the inquiry now proposed ? That it I will take up the time , the valuable time of Parliament . Undoubtedly it will do so . But how is the time of Parliament , valuable as it is , to be applied at all—is it not in the exercise of the most important functions of Parliament And what are these important functions—what but that of looking into the conduct of its government , to see whether the people are well or ill governed ; to see whether those who act in the government are deserving of confidence or not ? How 754 can this be known when complaints are most seriously exhibited , and offered to be proved , without an inquiry into the truth or the falsehood of such complaints ? How can there be any confidence for the future , unless there is satisfaction as to the past ? I must say , that the arguments offered in opposition to the present motion come with a peculiarly ill grace from the mouth of my noble friend.—Sir , I voted for the union between this country and Ireland . I was then an English member of Parliament ; since that union I have sat here as an Irish member , and I will now ask , how it is possible for this House , the great bulk of which consists of English members , to refuse to inquire into a matter so generally interesting to the empire at large , and so particularly interesting to Ireland ? Or , am I to be told that I tricked Ireland , when I gave my vote for the union , as a member of Parliament for England ? —That the valuable time of Parliament should now be taken up in the discussion of this subject is , in my opinion , highly proper , for had it not been for the union , the subject would have been long ago discussed in Ireland—in that House , at the door of which , some of the outrages in question were committed . The very House in which the members would have assembled , had nearly been a scene of action . They would there have most assuredly instituted an inquiry , whether they had or had not been properly defended by the executive government ? But if the inquiry now proposed is to be refused on the ground that the valuable time