Why , that the Admiralty were driven ( for the date of this proposal is subsequent to the right hon . gent . notice ) , to hire the worst arid most expensive sort of vessels ; vessels which , until this time , were never resorted to , except at the outset of a war , while the frigates , & c. were getting ready . But what does this prove ? . Why that the fact is , we have not a frigate ; or sloop left or built , to fit out , for the necessary defence and protection of the Channel . Might they not have them ? Certainly they might ; and he was happy to find that he was not the only officer who had offered ; plans for this purpose to the Admiralty ; he would read a part of one of these plans , by which it would be seen , that a force might , and still may be , created , which would effectually secure our coasts , annoy the enemy , and by not interfering with the usual naval exertions , might be instantly manned , and by these means leave the frigates to those duties for which they are so expressly calculated ( hear he read a part ) . If this plan had been adopted , these shameful contracts for armed I ships would have been unnecessary , and our convoys would have been protected . As it was , 19 of one convoy were taken , and carried into Spanish and French ports ; and even between Spit head and the Downs , a very rich West Indiaman had been taken by the enemy 's privateers . The system of gun-boats was much derided , and we were told they were of no use whatever . Another official document , however , would shew , that such was not exactly the opinion of the Admiralty , for they had actually contracted for 20 gun-brigs ; but to make even this paltry number as ridiculous as they wished us to believe them , the time limited for their completion is , half in three months , and the remainder in six . Good God if they were of no use , why build them at all ? but if they were of use , why not build more , and in the shortest time possible ? As it is , in 6 months the project of Buonaparté must have either 891 succeeded or have completely failed . They talk of the nature of these vessels , and of their force . He did understand that one of the most scientific officers in the service , had not only laid his own ideas , but the plans of his father , who certainly was , without exception , not only as good an officer , but as accomplished a mechanic and ship builder , as ever was known ; and when he mentioned the name of the late Sir Charles Knowles , no person would deny it . This great officer 's plans were shewn to the Admiralty . What was the answer ? Not very gracious , perhaps , but very true . One lord said he was not competent to judge ; the other said he knew nothing of shipbuilding : this might be so , and it was not actually necessary , that either , a lord of the . Admiralty or a captain should be ship-builders ; but at least , it was a sort of cousin-german duty to their own , and they ought not to talk of want of experience , when they were so ignorant themselves.—As to the motions made by his right hon . friend , ( Mr. Pitt ) he certainly should give them his support ; but , if he had a fault to find with them , it was , that they did not extend far enough . He wished to see an inquiry into every part of the naval system , into the treatment of the officers and men , into the situation and state of