to the extent to which it has now reached : the question to be considered then is , whether there are any means of giving to that system a degree of permanency which does not belong to it ? The system which was adopted last year , and , in my opinion , wisely adopted , was , that it would be right to invite the voluntary exertions of the people , and if they reached to a sufficient extent , it would be much preferable to compulsory service . It now became the duty of Parliament , to provide the permanent means for putting in motion so much of die force and population of the country , as future exigency might render necessary . Upon this subject , however , I do not mean to say that nothing has been done : they have provided the means , I do not say they are sufficiently digested and matured ; but ( hey have provided the means , in case the volunteers should fill short of that number which is deemed necessary for the security of the country , of enabling his Majesty to call upon the different classes , even , if it should be necessary , to the extent of the whole population of the country . In doing this , the legislature has laid the foundation > of that system , which may be so improved as to establish a great and permanent system of defence , which will place the country in a state of permanent security in all future contests . When I say that such a foundation has been laid , I am far from meaning that it is perfect it certainly requires , and hope , will receive , much improvement ; and , that part which relates to the enrolment of persons , undoubtedly requires considerable re vision . Upon that point , however , much difference of opinion prevails , as to the measures which ought to be adopted to bring that system to a state of permanent perfection ; but , these are considerations to which we may attend after we have matured the present volunteer system , and thereby provided effectual means of guarding against immediate danger When that great object shall be attained , we shall then be at leisure to consider of the means of calling out the 624 whole population of the country , if ever circumstances should render it necessary . It is now understood , that if in any place the number of volunteers fall short of the number which is considered necessary , the government is determined to call out the classes under the defence act , und I have no doubt that if ever the disappearance of immediate danger should relax the spirit of the volunteers , there are means to be found in that system to keep the numbers entire . There is another source from which , in my opinion , considerable support might be derived to the , volunteer system . If the idea which I threw out on a former occasion should meet with the approbation of the House , if it should be thought right to allow such a ballotted force to exist as I before suggested , to feed and maintain the regular army , and that force is kept up annually by fresh ballots , the exemptions which volunteers would then enjoy would , I am convinced , induce men cheerfully to continue in volunteer corps . As far , therefore , as relates to the question of permanence , I see no difficulties that are at all likely to render that an unattainable object , always bearing in mind , that the first great object we have to perform is to render the volunteer force as efficient as possible in the present instance . I do contend that this circumstance alone would be a sufficient provision against any diminution of the volunteer force to au amount at all to be taken into serious consideration on a general view of the whole subject . Whatever may be the apprehensions on the subject of the sudden