because he called forth all his efforts to decry the system of the volunteers , although it was no deviation whatever from that which prevailed , when the right hon . gent , was in office : but now it . appears that the right hon . gent , would prefer an armed peasantry . In short , it was , because he airaigned 352 every thing they proposed , that they complained.—The right hon . gent , on the subject of the volunteers , had always argued as if ministers looked to that body as every thing , which they regarded only as an important ingredient in the public force . They felt that it was a principle never to be lost sight of , that our security materially depended on the diversified construction of our national army , and that in a country situated as ours it would be impossible to array in a regular army , any very considerable portion of our population ; because it would be inconsistent with their industry and their habits , and injurious to the vital interests of the nation . In addition to the volunteers , we had , it was to be remembered , a regular army and a militia , much , greater than ever existed at any period , that , the right honourable gentleman was in office , and yet , he was heard perpetually to allege the inadequate state of preparation for the defence of the country . Among the singular modes of attack upon ministers , resorted to by the . right hon . gent , and his advocates , it was observable that they uniformy took , the deductions from their own reasoning as facts , and generally relied on them as such . They concluded that at the peace the regular force of the country would be reduced , and therefore that it was reduced ; but the fact was , and he had made inquiry to ascertain it , that from the whole of the infantry only 1,500 men had been discharged , of whom 1000 were from the . guards , as being under sized and otherwise unlit for service . The statements of the right hon . gent , were , therefore , as to this point , upon which he and his coadjutors had often dwelt , egregiously exaggerated . Their assertions with respect to the progress which recruiting for the regular army had made since the commencement of the war were equally groundless . For , on the contrary , instead of such recruiting being at a stand , as they alleged , the `` '' army had obtained 7000 recruits from that army of reserve which that right hon . gent , so strongly condemned ; and upon a comparison of the period which elapsed since the war commenced with the same progress of time during the last , peace , it appeared , that more men had been obtained by recruiting within the former period , notwithstanding the competition which ordinary recruiting had to encounter in the high bounties offered for substitutes in the army of reserve , the amount of the militia , and the exemptions granted to volunteers in the one instance , and the solicitude which must have assisted in the other instance to fill up regiments , and the facility of obtain- 353 ing recruits In consequence of the militia being disbanded , amp ; c. This consideration would surely be admitted by the right hon . gent , to be a strong proof of activity in the recruiting service , and it must be evident that his apprehensions upon this head-had been quite unfounded ; for , upon the whole , it would appear that the regular army had obtained , within the short space of seven months , no less than 15,000 recruits . So much for the outcry raised by the right hon . gent , and his party , as to the slate of our means for the defence of the country , and the exertions which ministers have made , seconded by the wisdom , energy and