further rendered expedient from the accumulation of taxes , and from a variety of local causes . In this state of things , the Bank Directors had issued notes to a great amount , but it did not follow that their con- 478 duct in this respect was criminal . With regard to the prohibition against issues of cash being continued , it was not necessary for him to take up the time of the House . The noble lord did not oppose the motion for the House going into the committee ; and , indeed , the principle on which the restriction was to be continued was the simplest in the world . Its continuance was absolutely essential , as long as the restriction continued in this country . To compel the Bank of Ireland to issue cash when the restriction continued here would be equally impolitic and unjust . It would , indeed , be an arrangement inpracticable . The bill for restricting the issues of cash by the Bank of Ireland , was , in fact , a bill auxiliary to , and co-existent with , the bill for a similar purpose here . The noble lord had asked him , under what circumstance he thought that this restriction should cease ? To this question he had only to answer generally , that it would cease as soon as the restriction on the Bank of England should be removed . He did not mean , indeed , by making this declaration , at all to compromise himself on the subject . At present , he saw nothing in the state of Ireland which at all disposed him to think that this would not be the case . It was impossible , however , to know what unforeseen circumstances might prevent what he now thought an event that would naturally follow the termination of the restriction act in this country . He had already alluded to the large amount of paper currency issued by the Bank of Ireland , and the noble lord had contrasted this with the issues of the Bank of England , since the restriction act passed . It was supposed that the paper issued by the Bank of England was nearly doubled since the restriction took place ; whereas the issues by the Bank of Ireland was four times greater than when the restriction bill passed . On this point he had to remark , that it was not a fairway of determining the criminalty or policy of these issues merely by their extent . in determining this question , the extent of the capital was to be materially attended to . In speaking of the extent of capital , the question turned on the nature and extent of security . On the other hand , if the propriety of these issues was convassed , the criterion must be of a different description . Nothing positive , appeared to shew , that the Bank Directors had carried their issues to an unwarrantable extent . In saying this , he wished the question to be left fully open to future discussion . The fact was that when the bill passed in Ireland , it was carried , as it were , by acclamation . No investigation took place of the situation of 479 the Bank , or the conduct of the directors . The bill was carried through the House from a conviction , that it was rendered absolutely indispensible , after the passing of the restriction act by the Parliament of England . He had only to express a hope , that the motion might not be now retarded from any considerations of the general question , which it would be equally competent for every gentlemen to bring under discussion on a future day . in a maiden speech , delivered his sentiments on the subject before the House to the following purport . He was convinced that his noble friend who introduced the subject was perfectly correct in the observations which he had made on the motion for going into the Committee , and thought him entitled to the thanks of the House