discontinue their service . In the first place , Sir , I do not think that it is I keeping faith with them . They have put themselves to great trouble and considerable expense , and many personal sacrifices for the public service ; and now , if they do not submit to a new condition , which ought to I have been stated to them in the first instance 575 if they do not surrender a right or a claim , which they thought t had been acknowledged , they are to be invidiously turned adrift , as if they had deserted he defence of their country in its utmost danger . I am sure they when not do so , but it is their own virtue , and not the wisdom of government , that will pi event it . In my mind , Sir , their claim is inherent in the nature of the service they have engaged in . In this respect there is an essential difference between a voluntary and a mercenary army . I mean nothing invidious by that word . No man can respect and honour our regular and more them I do . In an army raised by the crown , and paid by the public , the appointment of the officers must be in the executive power , and can be no where else . The men who compose are unknown to one another until they are brought together ; and could never agree to choosing their officers , even if the choice was left to their discretion . But the principle on which a voluntary army agreed to unite and act , is that they previously knew and depend upon each other . Their officers are their neighbours or acquaintances , and their colonel probably a man of the greatest rank and fortune , and most respected in the county . If this be wrong , it is a defect in the system , but I think it belongs to it . But , Sir , in what circumstances is it that his Majesty 's ministers are so very ready to disband any part of that force , in which , hitherto , they have professed to rely fur the public defence ? It is it the same moment when we hear it from them , and have it under the hand of the Sectary of State , `` that an immediate , and form table attack upon our independence and existence , as a nation , is threatened by a powerful and implacable enemy . `` —Surely , Sir , these considerations deserve the attention of the greatest abilities , and of the most eminent persons in this House . To watch the conduct of government , to take care of the public safety is , at all time their special duty ; but particularly now , when , unfortunately for the country , they have no oilier duly to perform . — I rise , Sir , for the purpose of decidedly opposing the motion for your leaving the chair . When I consider the magnitude and importance of the subject to which this and the insignificance of the bill it life ; when I consider , I say , the magnitude and importance of this subject , as immediately embracing the whole system of the irregular force of the country , and not remand but very materially affecting her 1guiar army , I do feel that un on such a subject ( so great in itself , so exten- 576 sive in its consequences ) to come to such a conclusion as the adoption of this bill or of any thing that can be w. 11 engrafted upon it in the committee , would be a most serious misfortune.—For if , Sir , we were to adopt this bill , our passing it would , I fear , be considered by the country , I am sure would be construed by his Majesty 's ministers , as a parliamentary approbation of that system upon which they have thought proper to rest the defence of this empire ,