to acquiesce in the answer which the right hon . gent. , who just sit down , has thought fit to submit to our consideration . It does not accord with my opinions , to attach so great a degree of delicacy to this discussion , as some persons may wish to inculcate . There does not appear any material obstacle in the way of fair , liberal discussion , and it is with such a view of the subject , that I am desirous of laying before the House , the reasons which induce me to think the answer of the right hon . gent . altogether unsatisfactory . It will not , I conceive , Sir , be denied , that hitherto the House and the Public , know nothing of the lamented indisposition of his Majesty , except through die medium of those daily Reports which have been published by official authority . By these alone can we be guided . On these alone can any opinion be formed . But , Sir , how has the right hon . gent . proceeded in attempting this evening to convey any thing like information to the House ? He has told us , that it is the opinion of his Majesty 's confidential servants that no communication is necessary—that such a communication would be indecent—that it could be made the ground of no subsequent proceeding . On this most extraordinary declaration I wish to call the attention of the House , not only to common practice , but to what is the strict letter and spirit of the constitution . I have to say , then , that I know of no such persons as the King 's confidential servants . They are a body utterly unknown in any constitutional view of the subject . I know , indeed , of a body of individuals more particularly employed in the executive government , but in this capacity alone can they be recognized . 509 The right hon . gent . opposite is known to this House as the person holding the important situation of Chancellor of the Exchequer , and other gentlemen may be known as holding other offices in his Majesty 's service , bat as to confidential servants of his Majesty , the fact is , they can not be recognized , in a general point of view , they are nothing more than privy counsellors , and can claim no superior distinction . There is one , and only one point of distinction , and that is , the circumstance of their being more frequently called upon for their advice by the Sovereign . When any business of emergency occurs , and a council is to be held , they are more frequently called upon for their assistance , and that , Sir , is the only distinction betwixt them and the other members of his Majesty 's privy council . It will not surely , however , be necessary to take up much of the time of the House , in shewing that this is a distinction inseparable from the regular daily exercise of all the royal functions . From the moment that the Sovereign , from illness or from any other cause , is rendered incapable of discharging the functions of royalty , those persons , described as confidential servants of the crown , are nothing more than ordinary privy counsellors . The source of their distinction is , for the time , destroyed , and it is ridiculous to talk of their continuing the exercise of powers expressly delegated from the chief magistrate in person . If any communication bad been made this evening from those styling themselves the confidential servants of his Majesty , I am sure , Sir , that such a communication would have been received with all the respect due to any message from so honourable a body of individuals , and any subsequent proceedings founded on such a communication must have been matter for very grave and important inquiry . But how does the House stand with respect to any communication at the present moment ? Why