I have to observe , that I have often , in the course of my parliamentary life , heard discussions about confidence , and have myself often argued upon the necessity of reposing a reasonable degree of confidence in ministers , but never did I hear it argued for , to the extent that it has been argued for this night by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The whole substance of his argument amounted to this : `` Here we are , his Majesty 's confidential servants ; we are in full possession of circumstances , but we will mike no communication , however urgent the crisis may be , and we claim responsibility . We call upon yon , the Parliament of England , to trust blindfolded to us , without any other security than our own responsibility . '' Now , without meaning , Sir , any thing disrespectful or harsh to his Majesty 's ministers , this is a confidence which , in my opinion , ought not to be reposed in any ministers . The Chancellor of the Exchequer has asked : `` Upon every temporary illness to which his Majesty may be subject , will you go to the length of maintaining that it is necessary to apply for the interference of Parliament ? '' If I were bound to answer that question in strict conformity to the principle of the constitution , my answer would be , `` yes . '' But it is very well known that general theories always admit of some mitigation , and , in certain cases , Parliament may connive at a short neglect of its dunes , but upon such a point there must exist some limitation , : but how is Parliament to ascertain what is the proper point of limitation , if , as in the present instance , they are deprived of all regular information ? All the satisfaction that Parliament can obtain from his Majesty 's ministers is this ; `` We know our duty , we act upon our responsibility , and therefore you , the Commons of England , must wait till we tell you that it is right and tit you should interfere . '' Against a doctrine so outrageous , so dangerous , and so unconstitutional , I do most solemnly protest . There never was , I will maintain , a doctrine so outrageous of all principle , and so pregnant with the most serious mischiefs.—It is one that has never before been advanced that whenever the Sovereign ceases from whatever cause , to have his regular control , the confidential servants of the crown are to carry on the government as long as they please , or until circumstances require an actual exercise of the royal authority . If you once admit the principle , it is impossible to say how long the country may be kept without an executive government . We have 523 seen that ministers have , for a fortnight , suffered the functions of royalty to be suspended , and even now they think no communication necessary . How are we to know how long this system is to be continued ? I really see no reason why , upon the principle now laid down , it may not be kept so for six months . My light honourable friend ( Mr. Pitt ) does not , indeed , go to the same length as the Chancellor of the Exchequer : he has displayed his usual judgment upon this question ; but still I can not concur with him in opinion , that the moment ( though he admits it to be near ) is not yet come in which the interference of Parliament is necessary . This is the real question before the House . Is the period arrived , or is it not , when Parliament can no longer trust to his Majesty 's confidential servants ? Let us consider in what manner and by what circumstances the present moment is distinguished from those which have preceded it ? And whether , if we do not interfere now , there is