was made , the period in which it was to be brought to a conclusion , and the amount of the sum to be paid for the performance of it . '' These accounts are the more important and material as they will give to the House the opportunity of not only seeing the opinion of the lords of the Admiralty on the subject , but they will also afford the means of comparing our naval strength in this respect , as it actually exists , with what it was in former instances , and tend most essentially to promote that end for which we can not be too zealous in our wishes—the security of the country . It is not for me to anticipate the opinion of gentlemen upon these questions ; but to cost certainly no man will undertake to tell me , that this is not a proper mode for satisfying the House , whether that preparations which have been made by his Majesty 's ministers , in the direction of naval affairs , have bee commensurate to the magnitude of the crisis in which we are placed . As the measures I have thought proper to touch upon are decisively necessary for the defence of the country , I will cot aligns the I House with dwelling on them at a length that must be uninstructive and tedious . There is I am confident , no man who hears me that is not convinced of the vast importance of these objects , which are superior in magnitude to any that can occupy our attention . They can receive no embellishment or illustration from any wards which it is in my power to use , for they press themselves irresistibly on the minds of all.—Another object to which I shall call the attention of the House is , however remote it may appear to some , not less essential to ( he permanent ; security and happiness of the country , I mean , Sir , not what relates to cur present danger , and our actual exertions , but to 879 what should be bur system of conduct , even were peace to be concluded , with respect to any farther war . It is a consideration , let me say , in which not only our own dearest interests , but the interests and destiny of Europe are involved . Next to the two first , points which I have noticed , it remains with the House to determine whether the state of our navy , at the commencement of the war , was such as to call for augmentation , or diminution . In the year 18Ol , it was impossible to suppose that the navy did not require more exertion than in 1793 , for every thing indicated that it was not so promising as in the beginning of the former war . I have no desire to disclose the precise condition of our present force , but the truth is , that yon were bound to make every possible exertion , and even efforts altogether unprecedented , to augment and repair your navy at the beginning of the present war , from motives and causes which did not exist in the commencement of the former war . It is almost needless for me , Sir , to remark , that there are two modes of increasing our naval strength with respect to our shipping ; the one by building vessels in the King 's yards , the other by building them in consequence of private contracts in the merchants ' yards . If we look to the progress of our naval improvement for a very long time , we shall find that no less than two-thirds of it have been built in the merchants ' yards ; and undoubtedly , it is not necessary for me to state to the House , that which must be known to every person conversant with the subject , that building in the King 's yards , in time of war , is nearly suspended altogether . I have also to remark , what I am