for that reason be to be adopted , whatever objections might be urged against it in other respects ? To these a third might be added , which he would not stop to argue at length : was it certain , that by the measures now proposed , the force of the volunteers would , in reality , receive any addition ? The question must not be wholly passed by , nor dismissed , without a word or two of observation . Though it might be admitted , that greater allowances in money , by enabling the volunteers oftener to assemble , would considerably assist their training , that the aid of officers and non-commissioned officers from the regulars would contribute to the same end ; and advantage possibly be derived from the regulations for securing attendance in the first instance , and afterwards for enforcing orderly behaviour among those who should be made to attend , yet it must be remembered , that these benefits would not be obtained without a certain abatement , and that a part of the provisions in question , while they might improve the discipline , were likely to thin the numbers of the corps . This was a circumstance , which even the approvers of the present system must consider as a drawback : but by those who disapproved of that system , who . have always considered it as mistaken and vicious , and as turning the zeal and energy of the country into a wrong channel , a further objection must be found , in whatever tended ( and was designed ) to confirm that system , and to continue the volunteers in a course which they ought never to have taken . Much doubt might , therefore , be felt , whether the volunteer force would , 977 in reality , be increased by the provisions of this bill : in other words , whether what Was represented as an improvement , was in truth an improvement or not ? But admitting this to be the fact , there still came the two great and leading inquiries ; 1st , how far the improvement of the volunteers was the best course to be pursued , with a view even to present danger , considering , that even for the moment this improvement would not be obtained , but by means prejudicial in other respects ? And idly , how far what might be best for the moment , would be best upon the long run , and might not more than counterbalance what was gained in present safety , by the injury done to all our means of safety in future ? It was singular enough , that in all this discussion about the improvement of the volunteers , no one should have remarked , that the main clause of the bill , that which was by far the most efficient and operative , namely , that which gave the exemptions , was one , in which improvement was not at all concerned . A man was not a bit the Letter volunteer , was not in the smallest degree improved , either in his marching , or in the use of his musquet , in consequence of being exempted from the militia or army of reserve . The whole effect of this clause was not to improve , but to continue the volunteers ; and in the question , therefore , of improvement , must be wholly laid out of consideration , though , is other views , it was the most important and powerful clause of all . It was of consequence that the Mouse should keep distinctly in its view , that there were two descriptions of clauses in the bill : those , namely , which were meant for the improvement of the volunteer body , and those which were directed only to preserve and keep it together . The former might be called the improving and the latter the preservative clauses . The latter had nothing to do with improvement , and could be considered as no addition to the bill in that respect :