complete effect , from the changeableness of the winds , the boisterous gales with which our fleets have constantly to contend in these seas . These circumstances have , in spite of our best efforts , enabled the enemy to get out at certain times , and to elude the vigilance of our fleets . Upon this topic I shall therefore only add that , when the Rochefort squadron made its escape , the channel fleet was actually at sea , and a detachment of it allotted to the blockade of that port ; but , owing to 94 some untoward circumstances , the enemy 's squadron had sailed some time before intelligence thereof reached either lord Gardner or his majesty 's government . The nation will not , however , I am convinced , notwithstanding this or the other circumstances to which I have adverted , be satisfied if the blockading system be entirely abandoned , and this induced me to continue it under modified instructions.—Permit me now , my lords , to state farther what has been done since the commencement of this year.—Having caused a survey to be taken of all the ships in ordinary , with the intention of ascertaining what number could be repaired for active service ; the expedition with which the repairs could be effected was not precluded from my consideration , and the result may be found in the papers now before you.—My object was to endeavour to make the fleet equal in point of number to what it was during the late war , when it rode triumphant on the ocean , after gaining and securing its superiority by the most splendid victories that now adorn the annals of this country.—The result of the inspection is , as you will perceive , that measures have been taken by which . no less than 26 ships of the line are to be added to the strength of the fleet before the month of September next . This addition , with the seven ships still in the merchants ' docks , and two new ships to be launched at Deptford and Woolwich , will make the whole force amount then , in ships of the line , to near one hundred and twenty sail , a force not only adequate to our wants at home , but sufficiently numerous to guard our foreign possessions also.—Instead then of depending only on the uncertainty of following the fleets of the enemy , by finding out their destination , and by sending squadrons in pursuit of them , we may then have fleets ready to meet them where ever they may go . Our commerce will then be pursued with a spirit proportioned to its increased security . Without such a security the merchant and the planter will be perpetually in a state of apprehension and anxiety . The greatness of the country depends very materially upon its commercial and colonial prosperity ; and to secure and protect our commerce and our colonies will be the principal means of supporting this greatness , and of increasing the happiness and wealth of the nation . Still , my lords , I am aware that much remains to be done : for unless we can procure more men , these numerous ships can- 95 not be of much avail . A method might , however , I think , be devised , whereby men might be procured , and in a manner equally beneficial to the interests of the mercantile and military marine , and whereby the two services would become more united : Something might also , I think , be done to gain more completely the hearts of those employed in our navy , so as to make the service not only popular , but desirable . But these are points which I leave to his majesy 's ministers , being sensible that any projects of this sort can only be effectually brought forward under their sanction and authority . They are in possession of the ideas and sentiments I entertain upon this subject.—I shall now proceed to that part of the noble lord 's speech