of ports containing squadrons ready to convey the enemy 's armies on offensive expeditions being increased ; the probability of the escape of some of these squadrons ( even although a suitable squadron of ours be allotted to the blockade of each ) must he proportionably greater ; or , on the other hand , that , the . number of ships in any one or more of the blockaded ports being increased , the mischief to be apprehended from it , although watched by a proportionately reinforced squadron , will also be greater , because , whilst the uncertainty of the blockade remains the same in either case , the consequence of the escape of the larger squadron , if it does get out , . will of course be much more serious . And therefore I say , that whilst the general aspect of the war continues to be on our part purely defensive , it is demonstrated that every increase of the enemy 's navy , although accompanied by a proportionate increase of ours , is nevertheless disadvantageous to us , because it affords him more numerous chances and increased means of bringing his land forces into action , and lays us open to more frequent and more powerful attacks than we were before exposed to.—But if upon general principles it be true , that every extension of the scale of the present war , although mutual and proportionate , must multiply our dangers , render our navy less adequate to our defence , and require a very great increase of our land forces also , how much more strongly must this be the case in the present instance , when the augmentation of our naval means has borne no sort of proportion to that of the enemy ? I have already noticed that in a former debate it appeared to be admitted on all sides of the house to be a moderate statement , that in consequence of the Spanish war France had gained not less than 25 sail of the 660 line : what the increase of ours has been in the same time I am enabled to state with indisputable accuracy , because my information is derived from the official returns lately presented to the house . In stating the result of these returns , I shall confine myself to large ships only ; for without discussing the advantage of employing a greater number than we formerly had , of small vessels to . act against the French flotilla in the narrow seas , it will of course be admitted that , as a counterpoise to the Spanish navy , nothing but a proportionate increase of large ships can be of any avail . With respect to the latter then it appears , from the above-mentioned official documents , that in the last twelve months there has been an addition of 6 to the number of line of battle ships in commission , and a decrease of five 50-gun ships ; so that the actual increase in ships above the rate of frigates has been only one , whilst the enemy has received an accession of 25 sail of Spanish line of battle ships , exclusive of the augmentation which we may suppose to have taken place in the same period in the French and Dutch marines.—I shall now proceed to examine whether , during the right hon . gent . 's administration , our land forces have been augmented in such a degree , as to compensate for the advantage which the enemy has gained in the naval branch , and to place us in a state of security greater or even equal to that which we were in when he thought them so inadequate as to call for a parliamentary enquiry . But before T proceed . to state the result of the official reunites from which I shall endeavour to draw this comparison , I must observe that I am obliged to make it in a manner more favourable to the right hon . gent . than he in truth is entitled to . What I mean is , that ,