the Claves Insulœ , who would require a return for such a concession . How , then , could the duke obtain an increase of revenue from this source to the extent that had been pretended ? The only question of importance was , if the compensation already made to the house of Atholl was grossly inadequate : if it were not , there could be no sufficient reason for opening what had so long been closed . The increase of profit , from the advance of population , and the improvement of the state of society , could not be any fit ground for such a proceeding . He was in the privy council when this subject was before it , it was not , therefore , wholly new to him . The matter was at that time referred to the law officers of the crown , and their report was received with the respect it deserved . To this report the noble duke was permitted to reply , by the exercise of unusual indulgence , in the form of a memorial ; and before the decision of the council was laid before his majesty , his grace applied to submit some new facts , to which also the privy council condescended , with the express injunction , that these new facts should not only be new 236 but important . When he ( Mr . Bond ) was no longer a member , the privy council came to a resolution , that the remuneration was inadequate , but he knew nothing of what led to this change of sentiment , and had in no respect altered his opinion on the subject . If it were not competent , the onus probandi was with the duke , and that burthen he had not thought proper to sustain . The memorial stated that the revenues of 1802 were much greater than those of 1765 ; but should the compensation be governed by the present state of the income , and not by the produce at the time the contract was made ? This was an application , it should be remembered , not to the liberality , but to the justice of the house ; and on no principle of justice could it be supported . asked , if the opinions of the attorney and solicitor general were to be considered as law ; or that they were supposed to be binding on any member of that house ; lord Coke 's opinion was erroneous with respect to , the right of England to legislate for Ireland at that time , as had been declared afterwards in effect by the act of 1782 . His opinion relative to the Isle of Man was equally unfounded . Yet the attorney and solicitor general had only pronounced a negative opinion on the case ; they had never come to any positive decision . For his part he thought that , from a consideration of all the circumstances of the case , if he was on a jury upon the merits of the case , he should be bound to say , that at least it was entitled to re-consideration . observed , that the business had the appearance of a job ; and , of all times that could possibly be pitched upon , the present was the most unpropitious to a measure of that sort . Seeing the very heavy burthens to which the people of England cheerfully submitted for the necessary expences of the state , he would not think of voting away their money to any individual , however highly respectable , merely because the revenues of the Isle of Man had increased since the bargain was made . If the first contract was a close bargain , as had been urged , he conceived that a much greater compliment could not be paid to his revered relative ( Mr. George Grenville ) , who was then the minister , and had been so provident of the public money . For these reasons he felt himself bound to support the amendment . sup- 237 ported the original motion .