was ready to admit that the first lord of the admiralty , if he disapproved of it , ought not to give it a kind of tacit consent . But then his consent should have been obtained in form and under his hand , after consulting him upon it , and not by communicating it immediately and collaterally when determined on . The first lord of the admiralty should have signified his consent by his signature , and then have been responsible for time measure.—He was glad that an enquiry was to , take place on this and on other subjects , in order that , it might be discovered in what respect the laws had been complied with , in what respect they had been sacrificed to convenience , and in what respect it would be necessary for parliament to interfere to prevent any such sacrifices of law in future , . unless where circumstances should call for it . He did not presume to deny that there might be exceptions , in which such a sacrifice would be necessary ; but as the power of making such sacrifice was liable to much abuse , parliament was the more bound to take care that it should not be unnecessarily exercised . said , he had entertained hopes that the paper on the table would have satisfied gentlemen on the subject of the transaction which had been alluded to . The reason why he had not had the intercourse with the then first lord of the admiralty which ought to subsist between the first lord of the admiralty and the comptroller of the navy was , that earl St. Vincent had resided mostly in the country . He had consented to superintend the stone 71 expedition at the desire of the secretary of state , who had written to lord St. Vincent on the subject , and received an answer conveying his lordship 's approbation of the project . When the vessels were ready to sad , he wrote himself to lord St. Vincent . In all this he did not think there was any thing that could justify any reflection on his conduct . So far from having wished to make himself independent of the admiralty , he had ever wished to take the instructions of the first lord of the admiralty . As to the charge of having paid 90 days discount instead of 89 , the time had been calculated from the day of the issue to the day of payment , both days inclusive , conformably to what took place in the commonest occurrences in life . A person taken into employment on one day , and discharged at the end of a month , should be paid for his time , including both the day of being engaged and the day of his discharge . The manner of issuing the navy bills had been the same as was always pursued , and it was really incomprehensible what made the committee report on this point . When the new mode of issuing navy bills had been adopted in 1796 , navy bills were at a discount of 15 per cent . and on the expenditure of seven millions in 1797 , there had been a saving of above a million to the public by the new mode . When the expenditure increased , the benefit had been greater . When the issue of navy bills had been made on the 24th of October , 1800 , there was but 900,000l , in the treasury ; and he asked in what manner the money could be so well procured ? He was happy to bear testimony to the conduct of the Goldsmids They never delayed the sums wanted a single day or hour . If the house knew of what value such punctuality was to government , they would view this transaction in the light he did . He was happy to state , that the navy bills were in as much credit as ever ; and if they should not continue so , he was sure the navy service would be reduced to the embarrassments with