and 3d , `` the Keys , who are the representatives of the commons.—Their triple concurrence makes the law . '' `` The laws of the island , '' the petitioners add , `` have established a book of rates . `` —Now , sir , were I required to furnish a distinct , clear definition of the power of legislation as it then existed , I could not do better than refer to that prepared by the noble claimant 's father . But I ask whether his statement be not as distinctly and clearly irreconcileable with the claim now advanced by this committee ? Were further proofs required of the latter 's claim being utterly unfounded in reason and in fact , those proofs are furnished by that very committee themselves.—In the very first page of their printed proofs they state , from the report of the commissioners of enquiry , as an allegation of his grace , that his family had the power of increasing the duties , with the consent of the legislature.—Next they state , in the third page , as collected from the whole of the evidence , that it is not probable that consent would have been given without an equivalent.—Really , sir , I am at a loss to conceive how the claim of arbitrary taxation in the lord can , even in their own opinion , have one moment subsisted in contradiction to proofs so decisive as these.—But , say the committee , `` they have not discovered , nor were they referred to , any other instance of the interference of the Keys , as to books of rates , or duties on importation or exportation , '' except one in 1736.—Again I say , sir , I appeal to their own evidence . In page 42 they themselves insert an insular statute of 1734 , imposing duties for 21 years on importation of arrack , equal in amount to the duty before payable ; duties on all other spirits ; on wines , coffee , tea , India goods , in short , on all foreign goods whatsoever , applicable to the repair of their harbours.—This statute , sir , ( which has of course the consent and signature of the Keys ) I produce in particular , detached from the others , as being in point-blank contradiction to this most unguarded assertion of the committee , `` that they had not discovered or been referred to any other instance of the interference of the Keys as to duties on importations or exportations . `` —The intervention of the Keys , as the committee still more broadly assert , was confined to matters of internal regulation , and assessments for local purposes.— From their own evidence I will again , sir , 222 prove the direct contrary . It short , it is impossible , I must repeat , that the framers of this report can have , read the proofs on which they ought to have formed it.—Before I look more . minutely into these proofs , part of which was laid before the committee by myself , I think it incumbent on me to notice the expression of surprise with which an hon . and learned bart . has been pleased to accompany his remarks on the part I took on this occasion ; as if it were a private , ex parte transaction , in which my interference was improper.—I have sat in this house nearly 20 years . On all transactions in which the public has an interest I have constantly thought it the duty of members of parliament to pay attention , and , if in their power , to afford information . This I have considered not merely as excusable , but as their duty . High as the authority may be of the hon . and learned bart . I shall require authority still higher than his before I forego this opinion , and this practice.—In proof of the indubitable , and , till now , undisputed , right of the house of Keys to interfere in all matters of legislation without exception