and , therefore , if they had not the pecuniary means sufficient for their own marine , they would prefer receiving from Spain the money she is now expending in her arsenals , instead of the ships for the equipment of which it is expended . Spain must acquiesce in the wishes of France , and France prefers the ships to the money ; which is a proof that the former are truly an augmentation of her mass of the means and elements of war.—It is therefore , I think , sufficiently , manifest , that France , whilst she has acquired the accession of the whole navy of Spain , has not been deprived of any thing that was indispensably necessary to her own naval exertions on the greatest scale that she ever had in view ; and I shall now shortly compare the augmentation of force which has thus taken place on the side of the enemy with that which , during the same period , has been effected in our own . It has been said , by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Grey ) in a former debate , that , cut of about sixty sail of the line which Spain possesses , we may reckon about twenty-five of them to he in a state tit to go to sea . This statement appears to me to be moderate , and . it was not by any means treated as an exaggerated one by gentlemen who took a part in that debate . I may therefore , without fear of contradiction , adopt this as the measure of the addition made to the navies of our enemies , and shall have no great difficulty in shewing that no proportionate augmentation has been effected in our own . But before I enter into these details I beg leave to state one general principle , which , if just , will further illustrate the truth of my assertion that our situation is more critical , and the necessity of a parliamentary enquiry into the present state and probable means of augmenting our military forces , greater now than it was at the time when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) so strenuously supported it.—general principle which I allude to , and which undoubtedly ought to have had considerable weight with his majesty 's ministers , is this , namely , that if , in a war like the present , any considerable increase takes place in the enemy 's navy , even although accompanied by a proportionate increase of our own , the war becomes more dangerous to us than it was before . For in the general plan of operations of such a war as this is , our navy most be considered as a purely defensive weapon , whilst his is an offensive one : the object of his navy is to bring his armies into action , whilst the chief employment of ours is to attempt to intercept them in their passage from their own ports to the points of attack and , as 659 this species of defence is admitted to he precarious , every multiplication of the chances of such a war , that is to say , every extension of the scale on which it is carried on , is to our disadvantage . Therefore , although , if the increase of the navies of the contending powers had been proportionate , it might perhaps have been said that we were as superior to the enemy at sea , and as capable of frustrating his designs , as we were before ; yet this would be true only on the supposition of its being a part of the enemy 's plans , or a necessary prelude to his ulterior operations , that the fleets should come into contact with each other . If we bear in mind the nature of the war , we shall come to no such conclusion . If we consider the extreme uncertainty of naval blockades in general , we must admit , as a demonstrable truth , that , the number