encounter , he pushed that enquiry to the utmost , and set an example to that house , which his country had universally applauded , and which the noble lord hoped their lordships would adopt . Lord Darnley concluded by moving , '' that a select committee of their lordships be appointed , to consist of the duke of Clarence , the marquis of Buckingham , lord Winchelsea , lord Albemarle , lord Ducie , lord Auck 78 land , lord King , and four or five other peers , to take into consideration the several papers on the table , respecting the state-of the navy . '' rose , and spoke as follows : — My lords ; the noble lord has stated now , as he did when he moved for some of the papers on your lordships ' table , two charges against the conduct of the board of admiralty , at which I , had the honour , to preside . The noble lord has accused us of incurring a great and unnecessary expence by purchasing vessels which were useless . and unfit for service . He has also charged the admiralty with having been grossly in error , in building ships in the , merchants ' yards . To these charges I trust I shall be able to answer to the satisfaction of your lordships ; and the noble lord will do me the justice to recollect , that I never made any objection to the enquiry which he proposed to institute , being always ready to meet it ; nor did I refuse my consent to the . production of most of the papers for which he called , though I objected to one of the motions of the noble lord , because I was satisfied that it would create unbounded trouble in the public offices to prepare the papers to which that motion extended , and because the production thereof would only burden your lordships , table , without any useful information being derived from them . How far I was well founded in this conclusion your lordship will now be enabled to judge.— One volume out of three , of which that correspondence consisted , is upon your lord ships ' table ; and the only use the noble lord has made of it has been to quote from it two letters , It may therefore be presumed , that if , the whole of that correspondence . had been produced , it , would have been of but little , if any , use what ever.— In reviewing the arguments which the noble lord has introduced , I can not help thinking , that he has totally mistaken the , object of his own enquiry , as it does not . go to institute a comparison between the conduct of the board of admiralty at which I presided , and the former board of admiralty , but a comparison of the conduct of every board of admiralty that has subsisted for these twenty years past , the board at which I presided .having only , followed the example of every preceding board during that period , with respect to building in the merchants ' yards . At present I only make this observation generally , as I shah have occasion , in the sequel , to enter into a de 79 tailed illustration of the fact I have stated.— I now come , my lords , immediately to the charge which the noble lord has brought against the admiralty , for having purchased vessels which were unfit for service , and for having had many of these vessels fitted and repaired in the merchants ' yards at a great expence.—With respect to the purchase of ships , if there be any crime in it , I plead guilty to the charge . Let me , however , entreat your lordships to recollect what were your own opinions and your own feelings , when a noble marquis , somewhat more than a twelvemonth ago , proposed to bring forward a motion relative to the defence of the country . Every one knew