traditions of this subject , and explained difficulties , if any there were . To such sort of evidence his grace did not think fit to resort . The merit of this discovery was reserved for the labour and diligent researches of this committee.—However valuable the report made , and the evidence collected by these commissioners of enquiry , little good has yet resulted . There lies their report ; and the most important suggestions of improvement they have offered , sleep with it.—From 1790 , the date of his grace 's last application to parliament , he appears to have given these poor islanders a long respite . Not till 1801 do we hear again of his claims . In that year comes his petition to the privy council.—The course of proceedings on that first petition , deserve attention and applause . As often as the conduct of the administration of that day comes under consideration , so often will it demand my warm approbation . It was an administration in which the public purse was husbanded ; but at the same time that it was a government of less cost , it was , in my opinion , one of more vigour than the present.—The then minister , combining a just regard to the claims of an individual with the duty he owed the public , sent those claims for investigation to the attorney and solicitor-general . Their report is in all hands . It is the most satisfactory discussion of a mixed matter of law and fact that ever came under my consideration.—One of the subscribers of that report now fills a more elevated situation ; from what we saw of him , when a member of this house , we are all , I trust , convinced that he will execute the duties of that station with honour to himself and advantage to his country . The other subscriber I sincerely regret , sir , not having the satisfaction of seeing this night in his place , but we all know him to be a man too honourable to permit me to reason from his report , if he had changed the opinions on which it is founded.—Able and masterly as that report is , it can not but produce conviction with every man who brings an unprejudiced mind to its perusal.—Not so , it seems , thought the present claimant . To the attorney and solicitor general his grace himself replies ! This is not , I presume , very usual his memorial was however accepted ; and the privy council proceeded to deliberate and consider the case.—They came to a decision , and made 216 a minute of council.—It was not without difficulty we succeeded in bringing before the house this valuable document : it negatives , most completely , his grace 's claims.— The next step to which the noble claimant resorts is to suggest to the privy council , that he had still another supplemental petition to present , containing new matter of importance.—The same principle of equity and moderation which characterised that administration , influenced it to suspend the report till this further evidence was produced.—Then comes a most material and fortunate occurrence for the noble duke—a change of administration ! Mark the difference of their conduct . On this supplementary petition of the duke of Atholl , which turns out to contain not one single fact that can weigh a feather in the scale ; without reference , as before , to the attorney and solicitor general ; without giving them an opportunity of investigating the contents of this precious supplementary paper ; of defending or abandoning their former opinion ; the privy-council come to a report in direct opposition to the former , ratifying his grace 's claims , and recommending the compensation being granted on the insular revenues ; employing in this investigation not many more days than the preceding administration had done years.— On this report the present proceedings are founded.—Before I proceed , sir , to the consideration of the subject of the report of this committee , I must enter my solemn protest against the