subject to a per-centage.—Now , sir , premising that a large proportion of the island , probably a third , perhaps a half , is mountain ; assuming the number of productive acres at 160,000 , and their average rent at ten shillings ; in both instances I doubt exceeding the truth , the amount of rent will be 80,000l.—Next , sir , calculating what would be the value of goods to be imported in one year to produce at 2½ per cent . 2199l . I find it to be 87,960l . So then beside the principal fund from which these customs arise , namely , duties on licensed goods , the great articles of importation , and which can be ascertained , it is necessary for his grace 's case to assert , that the value of non-enumerated goods imported into this still slenderly-peopled island , and which can not be exactly ascertained , probably exceeds by the sum of 7960l . its whole rental.—We see , then , 230 that to support his grace 's case , proofs are resorted to , which in strictness do not apply : when these fancied proofs are examined , they are found , not disputable , not improbable , but , I verily believe , morally impossible to be true.—To show how fluctuating the insular revenue is , and ever must be , when governed by a casualty so great as the good or ill success of the herring fishery , I must remark , that the gross amount of revenue in 1804 , appears to have been 10,473l . 5s . 3½d . The fishery of that year failed . Had it been as successful as that of 1802 , when the bounties amounted to 4001l . 6s . 1d . then , after payment of all charges , the surplus would have been 2625l . 15s . 5d . A pension of 300l . has since , it is said , been imposed on this revenue , which would therefore reduce this year 's apparent surplus to 2325l . 15s.5d.—The policy of the mother-country , sir , the interests of the island itself , require that its staple , the fishery should receive every possible encouragement . With more hands , and more capital employed , it may yet be considerably extended . The bounties that may hereafter be claimed may call for the whole of the apparent surplus . I understand , indeed , that this event is by no means improbable . The continuance , the extension , or the increase of these bounties , would find in the duke of Atholl , of necessity , a constant enemy . But , sir , on the other hand , his utmost care has been , and would continue to be , exerted to augment the customs . The accounts on your table prove the fluctuation of these customs : at present they are on the decline . The committee state , that the revenue of 1802 produced more than 1801 , but of 1803 and 1804 they say nothing . Why ? Because the inferences to be drawn from those years , though more to the purpose , do not suit their views of the subject.—But , sir , each of these years , and every year , presents a too favourable view of the insular finance . All the commodities there imported are not , I fear , there consumed . I wished to call before the committee these receivers-general , to obtain from them the proof , that no inconsiderable proportion of duties arises in the Isle of Man , on commodities paying low duties , afterward clandestinely re-shipped and smuggled back again.—Were the suggestion of the commissioners of enquiry adopted , of transferring to the board of customs the super-intendance of this revenue , their habits of attention , and their experience would soon 231 check these frauds.—Among other evils resulting from its being placed in the hands we now find it , in the committee 's report I observe the extraordinary admission that a sum of upward of 20,000l . arising from