them no insult : whereas now , if there remains a single spark of Castilian honour and pride in their breasts , they must burn with the desire of revenging the insults and outrages which on our part preceded the declaration of war . And , sir , I think it will scarcely be urged that this difference in the feelings of the Spanish nation , respecting the cause which has involved them in hostilities with us , I think , I say , that this difference of feeling will not be considered as a trifling or unimportant feature in the war , by those at least from whom on the occasion of our last rupture with France , we heard so much of the great advantage resulting from the experimental peace of Amiens , the advantage , namely , that from the proved impossibility of peace without dishonour , government now had the hearts of the people with them in this new war . That advantage the Spanish government now has , and for that advantage they may thank the right hon . gentleman . But is this all ? no sir ; not only have we roused the active hostility-of a high-minded nation , but we have forfeited the good opinion of those who were our friends . Such are the effects of that narrow and disgraceful policy which dictated the order for the attack of the Spanish frigates . Bur , sir , although in speaking of the Spanish war it was impossible for me not to notice the circumstances which preceded it , and the manner in which it was commenced ; yet , with the view in which 1 have introduced this subject , the main- question undoubtedly is , whether our situation is better or worse than it was before that war was undertaken . In order to shew the house that the right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Pitt ) is bound in consistency to assent to my present proposal , I am endeavouring to prove that , since the time when he so strenuously recommended a similar enquiry , the necessity for it has greatly encreased . This position I am desirous of supporting in the most plain , simple , and indisputable manner , namely , by 656 proving that , during that period , the enemy 's forces have been augmented in a far greater proportion than our own ; that the latter are consequently more inadequate to the services likely to be required of them than they were when he thought the interference of parliament necessary to enquire into the state of our military establishments ; and that the Spanish war in which he so precipitately engaged is one great cause of this en-crease of our difficulties and dangers . The question , therefore , on which we are at issue in this part of the discussion , is , are we in a better or worse situation than we were before we went to war with Spain ? His majesty 's ministers say the former . They contend that the actual and effective powers of our enemy has been rather crippled and diminished than encreased by the Spanish war : because , say they , Spain was supplying France with immense sums of money ; we consider this pecuniary supply as the most efficient aid which she could give her ally in the present contest ; and therefore , rather than suffer this to go on , we had better be at open war with Spain , and endeavour to intercept the supplies which enable her to pay these subsidies to France . This is their opinion , recorded in their official correspondence with our minister at Madrid . Now , sir , to decide whether the aggregate sum of the efficient powers of our enemy has been encreased or diminished by the declaration of open war between this country and Spain , we must examine two questions on the solution of which or either of them will depend that of the principal question , namely , 1st , Is there any certainty of