a resolution was accordingly made to suspend the entering into contracts-for building ships in that river , until the more important measure of furnishing the royal arsenals with timber was accomplished . I maintain that 10 ships of the line may be launched from the dock-yards of the king annually , without impeding the necessary repairs of ships in service , or incurring any additional expence in the wages of artificers ; and when it is considered how wretchedly most of the contract-built ships lately furnished to the navy have been fastened , with ragged bolts from 7 to 11 inches long , ( many of which rolled out , or were drawn out by hand ) instead of bolts two-and-twenty inches long forelocked on the opposite side , noble lords will see the positive necessity of performing the whole work of the navy , as it relates to building and repairing , in the arsenals of his majesty.—With respect to the ministerial communications between the first lord of the admiralty and the comptroller , it is one of the great vices of the navy board , and serves no other purpose but to skreen them from all responsibility ; for when called upon to account for disobedience to the most positive orders from the superior board , the constant reply is , that the comptroller explained the reason , in a ministerial communication with the late first lord . In short , since the ill-fated measure of putting the commissioners into committees , and the parliamentary authority for secret measures , concerted between the comptroller and first lord , all responsibility has ceased , and much gross abuse has arisen in the missions under the comptroller 's auspices . With respect to that erson , I certainly should have availed my 99 self of the proposition of my noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) who was then at the head of his majesty 's government , to remove him , had not his conduct been under the investigation of the commissioners of naval enquiry , the result of which will , I am confident , occasion his ignominious dismissal ; and , if complete justice is done , it will extend to the whole board , with the exception of Mr. Osborne Markham ; for , exclusive of him , there is not one member who does his duty to the public , or is competent to his office . As to the noble lord 's personal attack upon me , I shall treat it with the contempt it deserves ; but I shall consider the rejection of the motion of my noble .friend as an act of great injustice done to myself . spoke at considerable length in favour of going into the proposed committee . His R. H. took a view of the progressive increase of the British navy , and of the means that had been adopted for many years past , in different administrations , for keeping up , and for increasing the navy of Great Britain . He had seen mid known of so many instances of waste , and of shameful and flagitious abuse in the . naval department , from persons in comparatively high stations down to those in the lowest , that he had reason to bless the day on winch .his noble friend earl St. Vincent was called to the head of the naval administration of this country . He also spoke in very high terms of praise of the administration of earl Spencer , when at the head of the admiralty . His R. H. next proceeded to praise the exertions of the commissioners of naval enquiry , who had been proposed by the noble earl , and informed the house , that he should , 'very soon after parliament met next session , bring before their lordships ' consideration the matters contained in the sixth report , which were of the highest importance to the naval department , in many essential points . It was reported , that the most enormous and flagitious thefts and peculations had been practised in different departments of the navy , and as