was a service which it was the duty of the government to promote , and that the merit of the individual principally concerned was deserving of the highest consideration . The circumstances did not admit of disclosure at the time , nor did they now . But the committee would report on the merits of the service , and that it was strictly naval in its nature , and intitled to be paid for directly out of the naval money , if it could have been disclosed . at the time.—This he was sure would be made out to the satisfaction of the house , and of the learned gentleman himself . Secret service money was not to be issued from the civil list , though sums occasionally voted in aid of the civil list , may be so applied . The hon . and learned gent . could not possibly think , that admirals or general-officers on foreign stations , were not at liberty to apply money . to the purpose of procuring intelligence , and that such money might not be paid out of the sums voted for army navy extraordinaries . As to the stone expedition , ,though the report of it may have reached Westminster Hall , though it may have reached the ears of the hon . and learned gent . unaccustomed as they were to such things , yet it may have been matter of public interest to keep it as secret as possible , particularly before it was com- 68 pleted . The circumstances of the other , service he had alluded to , could not for a long time be made public ; and possibly . the committee might be of opinion that they never could be . Enough appeared to shew , that the stone expedition was known to the first lord of the admiralty , that it met his approbation , and that it was a service perfectly naval in its nature . He had great satisfaction in agreeing to a committee to enquire into the general matter of the report . When that general report should be brought up , as he believed it might be in a very few days , he would move for the appointment of a secret committee , consisting of five members , to enquire into the secret matter . On these grounds lie should move , as an amendment , that a committee be appointed to enquire into . the matter of the eleventh report , `` except so far as relates to the 100,000l . issued for secret naval service . '' said , he should not feel it necessary to occupy the time of the house many minutes , as he did not mean to object to the division of the committee . As the right hon . gent . however , had thought proper to enter into a discussion of sonic of the topics adverted to by his learned friend , he trusted he should be indulged in making a few observations . The right hon . gent . seemed to think that part of his learned friend 's argument unnecessary which stated , that a king of this country and his ministers should govern according to law . In this he differed from the right hon . gent . because there was no truth that should be more strongly impressed on the minds of ministers , than that the house had the right to exercise its constitutional control over the public , expenditure . The more they should investigate , the more they would discover that the law of the land had been sacrificed to convenience . This practice had increased very considerably lately , and if not seasonably checked , might lead to consequences such as his him . friend had stated . But they could not be carried to the extreme , as in the time of Charles II . because the sitting of parliament would be necessary in the end , in order to provide the means of paying the money thus raised . He was sure the right hon . gent . would not disallow