than to any unnecessary prolixity on my part.—Before I sit down , it will be necessary for me to say something more upon the subject of building ships of the line in the merchants ' yards ; but after the state , 91 ment I have now given it will , I have no doubt , appear evident that no choice whatever was left us . Ships are absolutely wanted , consequently the expence of building them there must be incurred . I allow that the price to be given is very high . though I am convinced that the ships might . have been built for much less money , had they been undertaken some time before . As things were , we had no alternative . This is the real state of the case ; and although I do not wish to dwell upon this point longer than may be necessary , I must nevertheless observe , that if the noble lord had adhered to the sentiments which he conveyed in his letter to the comptroller of the navy , and had not yielded to the opinions of persons who probably were not so well qualified to form a judgment , the ships in question would not only have been nearly ready for service , but a great deal of expence would have been saved to the nation , as the builders have raised their tenders , since the above mentioned period , no less than ten pounds per ton , their demand being now thirty-six pounds per ton for a seventy-four gun ship , instead of twenty-six pounds , which was the price required in their former tender ; so that the expence on each ship will be increased dearly one-third.—If then , my lords , the expence be greater than might reasonably be expected , I hope your lordships will not lay the blame to me and my colleagues , as we have only acted as the necessity of the case and circumstances required . If there be blame any where , it must surely attach to those who neglected the opportunity of executing a service , so absolutely necessary , when it might have been performed at so much less expence . In any event , it is surely unfair to condemn us on this occasion . I trust therefore that your lordships will view the matter with your usual candour , discernment , and moderation ; and when you shall have made up your minds upon the subject , I have no hesitation in saying , that I feel confident you will be of opinion that instead of censure we have rather deserved commendation.— To your lordships then I shall leave the matter , with a full conviction that you will do what is just and proper . The difficulties which we had to encounter , were great , and we have taken , what we conceived to be the best means of overcoming them ; but how far we have succeeded , it rests with your lordships to determine.—It may be proper here to refer to the extraor 92 dinary assertion made by the noble lord who opened the debate . He stated , that the navy is now in a worse condition , than it was when lord St. Vincent retired ; and to prove this , he said that the enemy 's squadrons had been of late traversing the seas without interruption.—The noble lord does not , surely , mean to maintain that the naval strength of the country was in a better state and condition when I succeeded the noble earl than it now is , with the additions which have been since made to it . In the loose sentences which his lordship delivered on this subject I presume he intended to shew that it is under worse management than it was at the period to which he alludes . Upon that point , however , I desire to assure the noble lord , that if he should think proper to bring forward any charge against the military conduct of the service during the time I had the honour