officers are made , looks forward to as the means of acquiring that reputation , the love of which is the predominant motive to treat actions . A catholic may indeed attain the rank of a general officer ; but , as the law now stands , he never can be employed as such . How , then , can you expect that they should prefer the service of a country who treats them in this manner , to that of other countries where the highest military rank and the actual command of armies is open to them . A very large proportion of the best officers of the Austrian army have long been furnished from Ireland ; and so far were they from being deprived of their due share of those high distinguished stations to which every good officer looks forward , and , without looking forward to which he will never rise above mediocrity of merit , I say , so far were they from being deprived in that service of their due share of those honours which are denied to them in their own country , that , on the contrary , Maria The- 692 resa 's armies were , on more than one occasion , commanded by men born , or immediately descended , from natives of his majesty 's dominions . If they had the same encouragement here , they would undoubtedly prefer the service of their own sovereign ; and it is natural to suppose , that , by the introduction of a proper proportion of Catholic officers into the army , the lower orders of the people of Ireland , of that persuasion , would be more favourably disposed towards the service , and that the recruiting would be greatly facilitated.—There arc some other points , sir , to which , in a committee , I should think it my duty to endeavour to draw their attention ; though I shall not now trespass any further on the indulgence and patience of the house . But , before I make my motion , I must again observe , that if the accuracy of any of the detailed statements of numbers contained in the resolutions he disputed , I hope that this difference will he considered rather as a motive for the further investigation , than for the immediate rejection of my propositions : and I pledge myself to prove that they are accurately made out from the documents on the table.—After again expressing his regret at the very late period of the session to which his motion had been postponed , in consequence of the long delays that he had not foreseen , and could not prevent , in the production of the documents on which it was founded , the honourable officer concluded by moving his first resolution . observed , that the hon . col. in the outset of his speech , seemed very sanguine that he should he able to convince the house of the expediency of appointing a committee on the subject of his resolutions ; and then stated , as the first remedy which he should propose in the committee , for the evils of which he complained , the undoing of that which parliament had been doing for the last two years , having himself but little to offer in substitution , and being willing to defer the introduction of that little till next session ! He rather thought that on these grounds the hon . col. would be disappointed in his expectations . Did he imagine that his right . hon . friend ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) was ready to go into a committee at all times because there was one period in which he deemed it expedient to do so ? the hon . col. should recollect , that the same . proposition had been agitated in an early part of the present session , end that neither his right hon . friend , nor the house , at that time , deemed it expedient to go into such a committee , and he did not believe that what the hon .