attend the .publication of the papers would much exceed any advantage to be derived from them . He was , however , ready to admit , that there was no resolution or standing order of the house contravening their publication , and therefore , as he understood there were many noble lords who thought it would be useful , and as the learned judge had presented a petition to that effect , he should not resist the motion of the noble lord . stated , that if his first motion should be acceded to , it was his intention to move that the evidence be printed . said a few words in support of the motion , and stated , that it had always been his wish that the evidence should be printed . would not sanction with his vote a proceeding which he conceived to be contrary to the forms of the house . If , however , the motion was agreed to , it was not to be understood , that , in adopting such a proceeding , their lordships threw any discredit on the witnesses . It was to be acceded to , not on that ground , but on account of the peculiar circumstances in which the house was placed . Every respect was due to the character and situation of the learned personage who was the object of the present proceedings ; but protection was also due to every one of his majesty 's subjects ; and he therefore trusted , that no inference to the discredit of the witness would be attempted to be drawn , whatever might be the result of the present motion . His lordship then observed , that the application which had been made by the counsel at the bar was not reconcileable to any general principle , analogy , or usage of the courts of law . It never 187 was pretended , that depositions taken on a previous enquiry could be demanded from a judge on the trial of a person accused . Any publication of such proceedings was illegal , and their lordships would recollect , that the law did not authorize the publishing of evidence while a trial was pending , but permitted it after all the proceedings were concluded . If then the present motion be adopted , let it be understood that it passed with their lordships ' acquiescence , but by no means with any authority . He knew , from the petition which had been presented , that it was the desire of Mr. justice Fox the evidence should be made public , and he knew that the well-informed mind and eminent talents of that learned person full qualified him to judge what was best to be done in his own cause ; but their lordships must recollect that by their decision , they would establish a general rule which might apply to persons whose understandings and talents might render them by no means so capable of forming a proper opinion of the course they ought to adopt under similar circumstances . In consequence of the proceedings which had already taken place , it must be admitted that some of their lordships possessed an ex parte knowledge of the evidence . It had been better that this had not been the case , but he could assure their lordships , that the vote he should give on the close of the proceedings , if they every did come to a conclusion , should be one founded only on the justice of the case , and unmixed by any influence arising out of the previous investigation . This he could promise from a mind disciplined to such discriminations ; but he was far from denying , that it was possible impressions might remain with other minds less exercised in decisions . His lordship maintained , that there was no means by which papers printed for the use of their lordships could be regularly furnished to other persons . did not think it necessary for him to declare , that the vote which he should give , on the conclusion of this most solemn