would wish was to contrast the state of the navy at present with that in which it stood under the direction of his noble and gallant friend . It might indeed have a greater number of ships , but were they so well manned , ap . 75 pointed , or prepared to meet that active and enterprising enemy with whom we have to contend , and , who has never relaxed out moment in his exertions to increase his strength , and facilitate the accomplishment of his views against this country ? He would ask his lordship , whether , when his noble , gallant , and venerable friend was at the head of the admiralty , any such event had occurred , as two formidable fleets of the enemy triumphantly proceeding to sea , and roaming no one knew whither , in despite of our boasted navy and blockading system ; while our West India islands were attacked and ravaged by another of the enemy 's squadrons ? Let their lordships judge , from this circumstance , to which praise or censure was most due , the late or the-present board of admiralty . Another ground of condemnation was , the system of taking ships from the merchant contractors , instead of building them in the king 's dock yards , by which means a number of competitors , encouraged by those contracts , were brought into the market to outbid the government in the prices of labour , timber , and every material for building and stores . Thus the expences of building in the king 's yard were increased almost in a double ratio . If their lordships would be at the trouble of examining the papers upon their table , they would perceive a most striking instance of this kind resulting from the contracting system , where , in the space of a few weeks , no less than 170 able shipwrights ; in the prime of life , quitted the service in the king 's dockyards of Deptford and Woolwich only , for the purpose of being employed at much higher wages in those of the merchant contractors , to build those very ships which , he would contend , but for this system , could be built considerably cheaper , as well as infinitely better , in the king 's . yards ; and he would aver that those 170 men were competent to build the ten seventy-four gun ships now contracted for at 361. per ton . Could any case be stronger than this to prove the badness of the system on which the business of ship building was conducted ? But if flagrant cause for , censure existed in that department , it was still worse in the contracts for repairing . for it appeared that the repairs of the Magicienne , the Andromache , the Flora , and another . vessel , which he named , cost , in 1793 , the enormous sum of 65 ; 000l . by contract , and might have been built at the then contract price for little . More than 40 ; 000l . 76 Here then was a palpable instance of the ruinous principle of repairing by contract . It was said , that in the king 's yard there was not room for laying down first rates . He denied the assertion , and stated that there were in all the yards , twenty slips large enough for first rates , which supposing each to require two years in completion , would be competent within that time to increase the number and strength of our navy greatly beyond any necessity . But the number of hands engaged in on . dock-yards ( greatly reduced , on account as was alledged , of the numbers dismissed by the first lord of the admiralty ) appeared by the papers to be greater when lord St. Vincent went out of office , than a present . From the bad supply of timber , and the shameful mismanagement of mixing hands , all sorts , good and bad , and paying all equal wages ,