ever respect , and which he considered as a much more vigorous one than that by which it was succeeded ; yet by the privy council which succeeded , after a deliberation of scarcely as many weeks , with the facility of turning to all the documents , and to the attorney and solicitor general , for their evidence on the case , they decreed that the claims were founded ; and this decision was confirmed by a committee of this house , which had only sat a few days . In that committee , of which he was a member , he opposed the claims ; but finding that he stood alone , and was unable to prevail , be ceased to attend it . What he now wished was , full investigation before the whole house , and that the whole of the report and evidence be printed . said , that the reason why the ultimate decision of the privy council was in opposition to the first , was , that a new memorial , stating new facts , and founded upon new evidence , had been presented by the noble duke , to whom it was 55 a part of the justice due that the decision should not be delayed , which might be the case , if , at this late period of the session , the whole of those voluminous documents were to be printed , which , he contended , were in print already ; and that the hon . gentleman had derived his information from a printed copy . He concluded by moving , `` that the report be taken into consideration on Tuesday next . `` —This was opposed by Mr. Curwen , Mr. Creevey , Mr. Hurst , Mr. Windham , and Mr. Johnstone . They expressed their wish , that the evidence on which the report was founded should be printed , and stated the impossibility of doing that in due time . It was indecent to hurry through the house in a few days , what had occupied the attention of the privy council for several years . In the administration of lord Sidmouth , a negative had been put on the claims of the duke of Atholl , and why should that be reversed ? The attorney and solicitor general had declared their opinions against him . If new matter had been brought forward since that time , the case ought to be again referred to the consideration of the law officers , and should they report favourably to the noble duke , there could then be no objection to the admission of his demand.—An amendment was moved by Mr. Johnstone , that the report should be taken into consideration on Wednesday , the 5th of June . On the other hand , Col. Stanley , lord Glenbervie , sir W. Burrowes , Mr. Rose , Mr . I. H. Browne , and the ; Chancellor of the Exchequer , contended that the evidence on which the committee proceeded not being oral , but drawn chiefly from the able and elaborate report of the commissioners in 1792 , already in the possession of the house , it would create useles delay to reprint it . Since the opinion given by the law officers , additional and important matter had been produced . If the house relied implicitly on the opinion given by those officers , that would have been an argument against referring the subject to a committee at all . They had , however , thought proper to refer it to a committee , the decision of that committee was now before them , and it was highly expedient to act upon it as speedily as possible . If , however , the delay of a day or two was considered as desirable , they had no objection to postpone the consideration of the report to Thursday.—The house then divided on Mr. Johnstone 's amendment ; for it , 58 ; against 56 it , 119 ; majority , 61 . The report was then ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday . Best.—I rise