in a false light , which is the calculating the probable amount of the proprietor 's duties in 1765 , on present produce , present consumption , or present actual importation . The population in the intermediate time has arisen one half . The degree of increase taken place in the wealth of the island it is difficult to calculate . A comparison between the rents paid then and now would indicate an advance from four to eight times the amount in 1765 . With the increased numbers , and the increased means of the inhabitants , how great must be the increase of duties on imported luxuries ! —But as we must take some criterion , let us even take this most favourable one to the noble claimant . Pursuing it with the attorney and solicitor general , it turns out , that the revenue to the lord , on the most favourable year that had then occurred , according to the antient scale of duty , would have produced 846l . 19s . To which , it is admitted , should be added , the average produce of a duty on herring-boats , a salmon fishery , & c. 222l . Making together 1068l . 19s.—I have also , sir , two calculations , one on an average of seven years , of the actual importations , which , with the addition of the 222l . still does not amount to 1000l . The other , formed on the importations of 1802 , the year in which the largest importations ever known were made into the island . With the same addition , this would amount to 1270l . The calculation given in by his grace to the committee makes the licensed articles produce 686l . 3s . 9d . The ad-valorem articles 2199l . Now , sir , it is pretty remarkable , that on a head which can be ascertained , namely , the duties on licensed articles , we agree so closely ; but on another , which is not reducible to the same certainty , his grace should differ so widely from every other computation . The same regard to candour which induced the 229 attorney and solicitor general to give the due credit for the last sum of 222l . would also have induced them to notice their omission , on the other hand , had they been aware of it , to deduct from the amount , the expenses of collection , of the civil government , and all the other charges on the sovereign . In the same , or in a higher ratio , these must have advanced . In 1765 they appear to have amounted to 777l . currency . At this day it is probable they would have absorbed every shilling of these duties.—Another observation I must make , Mr. Speaker , is , that these receipts and payments are but in Manks currency ; that is , one seventh less than sterling.—Thinking , as I do , any reference to present circumstances , in order to draw results applicable to a state of things forty years ago , to be fallacious in itself , and injurious to the cause of the public and the island , still , sir , I can not avoid making a few further remarks on the computations thus founded.—On behalf of the duke of Atholl , a paper of calculations was laid before the committee , applying , as it is said , the rates of 1692 , to the importations of 1802.—Beside the articles of licensed goods , the present great source of the insular revenue , it appears that in 1802 , upon non-enumerated goods , paying certain per-centages , varying from 15 to 2½ per cent . arose a revenue of 2198l . 16s . 10d . From that same source , I am informed , his grace computes the propriety per-centage at 2199l . In no case , I believe , but with regard to corn as a matter of regulation , did this exceed 2½ per cent . on goods now imported free of duty , or