there being no return before us of the state of the land forces at the rime of his coming into office , I am obliged to take its amount as it stood on the returns of the 1st . January , 1804 , whereas the commencement of the right hon . gent . 's administration ( immediately previous to which he had voted for an enquiry similar to that which I now propose ) did not take place till about five months subsequent to that date ; and if in the whole of the 17 months intervening between the 1st . Jan. 1804 , and the 1st . June , 1805 , there appears to have been an increase of force , it is to be presumed that a part of it was effected during the five months preceding his return to office . But not having it in my power to ascertain with precision the real difference between the amount of the various descriptions of land force as they stand now and as they did stand 661 when he thought them so inadequate , I shall deal handsomely by him , and give him credit for more than he is entitled to , namely , for the whole of the difference that appears between the oldest and the most recent of the returns upon the table , between that of the 1st of Jan. 1804 , and that of 1st of June , I805.—In drawing the comparison of the actual state and relative adequacy of our land forces at these two periods , I shall review the subject under the two great divisions of forces at home and abroad ; and the result of this inquiry will I think amount to an absolute demonstation , that in every respect , and in every quarter of the globe , we are weaker and more exposed to danger now , than we were when the present chancellor of the exchequer came into office . In the first place , let us consider our situation abroad . From the returns that have been presented to us it appears , that the number of troops on foreign stations on the 1st of Jan. 1804 amounted to 46,698 , and on the 1st of June , 1805 , to 65,358 . I must however beg the house to recollect that yesterday evening I discovered upon enquiry , that in the latter number are included 2,000 recruits , belonging to regiments on foreign stations , who are now in the army depot , in the Isle of Wight , and that this description of men was not included in the return of the 1st of Jan. 1804 ; so that the real amount of forces now abroad is 63,358 , and the increase since Jan. 1804 , is 16,660.—It must however be remarked that in this number of 16,660 , is included an increase of 1,792 Ceylon native troops . How , far these people may be useful for the internal police of the island I know not , but it would be perfectly absurd and ridiculous to consider them as a really efficient military reinforcement ; and therefore , if we wish to investigate the truth and to draw a fair comparison of our situation at the above mentioned periods , it is necessary to deduct these miserable Ceylonese from the difference of gross numbers that appears on the returns of the army , which would reduce the increase of force abroad to 14,868.—I shall hereafter make some further remarks on the composition and distribution of this reinforcement , but will first examine what is the amount of troops that the enemy has sent abroad during the same period , as far as we are enabled to estimate it with any degree of probable accuracy.—In the first place , we know that the first squadron which sailed from Rochefort to the West-Indies , consisted of 6 sail of the line , and some frigates , and we may , without any exaggeration , compute the land forces embarked in this squadron at 3000 men . At 662 the same rate we may reckon that