, if not a work of supererogation . did not think that the words `` not to be drawn into precedent , '' would operate as a restriction upon future ministers . He approved of the resolution of Mr Lascelles , with a bill of indemnity . He said , the amendment had been thrown in in compliance with the suggestion of the hon . gent . opposite . But as it was objected to , he should withdraw it . was favourable to the bill of indemnity , because an act of parliament had been violated ; and however justifiable the motive , he thought nothing but an act of parliament would do away the transgression . arose , but the demand for the question , for some time loud , now so much increased as to prevent his progress . At length , raising his voice very high , he said , I will go on ; if gentlemen think they will put me down in this way , they do not know the individual whom they attack . No gentleman , in or out of this house , shall treat me in a manner I do not deserve . If I am disorderly , let any gentleman arise , and shew me in what respect I am so.—The hon . member then proceeded to state , that the resolution of Mr. Lascelles implied a strong approbation of the act ; whereas , he thought , that the conduct of Mr. Pitt , in not disclosing it immediately , ought not to go down with applause ; and , therefore , he should support the original motion . The house became clamorous for the question before the hon . member sat down . in reply alluded to what had fallen from the attorney general , who disliked candour and hated mercy , on the can did and moderate speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , and on the resolution expressed by another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , not to yield an inch , while gentlemen on that side of the house were willing to yield so far . The noble lord , too , who had seemed so concious of the spirit of moderation displayed on that side of the 424 house , and who , under that impression proposed a few words which he thought would be acceptable to them , had repented of his condescension , and withdrawn his amendment . They did not wish , he presumed , that any thing like agreement should seem to prevail ; or , they were probably afraid , that he and his friends , from finding themselves so often in a majority , should grow too frisky , and therefore wished to drive them to a division on a question in which they would be left in a great minority . He should not , however , decline what he thought his duty from any consideration of the kind . He had acted with his friends near him when very few in number , and they had , on every occasion where their duty required it , opposed the right hon . gent . In the course of that opposition , he had found that steady adherence to principle and to the interests of the country would , in time , command success . He must , therefore , as the hon . gentlemen would not allow him to agree with them , insist on his own motion . He was happy , however , at all events , in thinking that his agitating the question would have the effect of getting a bill of indemnity introduced.—The question being loudly called for , the gallery was cleared ; but no division took place . The previous question was put on each of Mr. Whitbread 's resolutions , and carried ; after which the following resolution , which had been moved by way of amendment by Mr. Lascelles , was agreed to.— '' Resolved , that the measure of advancing 40,000l . to Messrs. Boyd and Co. upon unquestionable securities