replied , `` the money is all spent , the Highlands are quiet , and that is the best account that I can give you , '' In the same manner , the noble lord opposite him might say , `` the money is gone , the union is accomplished , and you may now be satisfied , for that is the bes account I can give you . `` —The house the divided on the motion ; for it 67 ; against it 93 ; majority 46 . The order of the day being read for going into a committee on the Stipendiary Curates ' bill , opposed the bill as unjust , illegal , and unconstitutional in its principle , and unwarrantably disposing of the property of beneficed clergymen , who , from illness , infirmity , or other unavoidable causes , might become non-resident ; in which case , at the option or caprice of the diocesan , a gentleman was liable , by the bill , to be deprived of one-fifth of the Value of his whole living , to enrich a curate appointed by the bishop to do duty in his parish . It would not be denied that the revenues of the church were as much private property as any other tenures , subject only to the condition that the clerical duties should be properly performed . If the incumbents , therefore ; were not culpable , their rights should not be affected ; and if they found proper substitutes to perform their duty when circumstances rendered them incapable of doing so themselves , it was as much as parliament had a right to expect of them . By the law hitherto in force , the power of the bishop was limited to an allowance of 50l . or at most 75l . to curates , according to circumstances , and he did not hear that any application had been made by curates , stating , that they had not a proper allowance , or by bishops , that they had not sufficient power to grant it to them . There was no proof either that the incumbents did not provide proper persons to perform the necessary functions ; and he would therefore ask , what occasion there was for this bill ? If the measure went upon an erroneous principle , he was aware of nothing which could do away that objection . This innovation went to no less than to give to curates three times the salary that they were allowed before , and infinitely more than was necessary for providing substitutes . By this bill , the power of the bishop would be exorbitant ; for if he thought it right to have more than one curate , he might appropriate one-third of the whole income of the incumbent . There were , he understood , some rectories of 3,000l . a year , and surely it would be preposterous to deprive the person who held such a living of 1,000l . a year , for the purposes of curacy . The legislators had already amerced the incumbents for non-residence , and it was rather too hard to lay this second fine upon them . He strongly objected to such decisive authority being given to bishops , and 42 the more so , as the bill left no appeal whatever from their fiat , but to the archbishop of Canterbury . If such a principle was proceeded upon , a bishop within his diocese would become a more uncontroulable despot than any first consul or emperor of the French . It was defective also , as it gave no security that the curate thus amply provided for , should himself be resident upon his cure ; it did not authorise the bishops in that respect to do good , and gave them every power of doing injury to the incumbent ; it did not go to accomplish the object that was professedly proposed by it ; and , if it was thought right to institute an ecclesiastical reform , it should be done openly , and not in so indirect a