instead of striking the men into classes , and employing each upon the work to which they were most competent , the business of the yards was most tardily conducted , and at an enormous expence . The persons who proceeded in this shameful manner seemed to have forgotten the voluminous report on their lordships ' table , or to suppose at least that they were deterred by its magnitude from looking into its contents . Not intimidated by this consideration , he had looked into it minutely , and felt himself every where appalled by the enormity of the peculation , and also the profusion which it exhibited . Not wishing to go into particular detail at this moment , he would just advert to the sixth report , which exhibited such scenes of perverseness , mismanagement , and criminal profusion , as he did not think it possible could have existed in any system , and more especially under the eye of a navy board , appointed to conduct the business of a great nation , and formed of men professing character and competence for their post . Among other instances which this report presented , was one , where a charge had been made for certain repairs and additions to a ship at 10s . and in another place , for work executed precisely in the same manner , 10l . ; and yet both charges were signed by the navy board . How it was possible so gross and shameful an instance of extortion upon the country , as that of charging pounds in lieu of shillings , could have passed the vigilance of any public board , unexamined , was to him utterly inconceiveable.—The noble lord then proceeded to examine 77 many other parts of the report , and upon the whole condemned , in the strongest terms , the criminal and atrocious instances of negligence , profusion , waste , and peculation , it exhibited . Again , the noble lord disclaimed all personal views . in this enquiry , yet he could not but feel that the noble earl behind him ( lord St. Vincent ) was deeply interested . He should not advert to the malicious rumours which had been industriously circulated , nor the virulent pamphlets , and other scandalous libels that had been directed against that noble earl . The noble earl had been termed , by some authority too , the greatest enemy . the country ever saw . But standing there as the friend of that noble earl , only because he believed him to be the friend of his country , for he had the honour of very little of his personal acquaintance , he could not sit down without giving ( however unnecessary it might be ) the . most decided contradiction to such slanders [ hear ! hear ! ] That noble earl , after having vanquished the enemies of his country abroad , and crowned her standard with trophies in every quarter of the globe , had returned to vanquish her still worse enemies at home . That noble lord was not the patron of peculators , but the detector of abuses . He did not , however , call their lordships ' attention to the situation of the noble earl upon any consideration of his his public services , brilliant and invaluable as they had been to this country ; he merely besought for him justice at their lordships ' hands , against the base and unfounded imputations rumoured by those who , in revenge for his detection of their misdeeds , had endeavoured to injure his character . Instead of being the worst enemy of his country , he would aver him to have been her best friend . By him it was that the enquiry was set on foot , which led to the detection of so many and such enormous frauds upon the country . He had set his shoulders to the wheels , and in spite of art , influence , and evasion , undaunted by the number as well as the magnitude of those impediments he had to