the conduct of the noble earl who presided over the naval department at the commencement of the war , to call for such an enquiry as was now proposed . When a similar enquiry was proposed last year , it met with his opposition , and he would oppose it now on the same grounds . He resisted it then , because he considered it unnecessary and uncalled for , by a fair reference to what the state of our navy then was , and he would resist it upon the same principles at the present moment . There was also another ground upon which he felt himself called upon to oppose it , and that was the unfavourable inference which had been endeavoured to be made from circumstances which occurred during the latter part of the administration of the noble viscount who had been lately at the head of the naval department . He rose to resist any imputation which might have been attempted to be thrown upon him , for what might possibly have occurred in our West India colonies . The duty of the noble viscount he conceived to have been , to have a fleet always ready , sufficient to overpower any which the enemy could possibly send out from any of its ports , and having done that , he was of opinion he had well performed his duty . Having done so , he would ask what blame could be imputed to the noble viscount ? It had been urged as a cause of blame , that only one ship of the line had been stationed at the Leeward Islands . He appealed to the noble earl on the cross bench , whether it was necessary to maintain a greater naval force there ? He was persuaded , that the noble earl , with all his judgment and experience , would not maintain that it was . 108 The appointment of a committee appeared to him unnecessary and inconvenient , and therefore he found himself compelled to oppose it . This was the only point on which he had any inclination to speak , and upon it nothing could have induced him to be silent . bore testimony to the meritorious services of earl St. Vincent , particularly in instituting that highly useful board , the naval commission , and vindicated the noble earl from the charge of not having sufficiently attended to the construction of smaller sized vessels . The noble lord animadverted on the comparison that was made between the noble viscount ( Melville ) , and the noble earl on the cross bench , with respect to the building of ships in the merchants ' yards , and observed that this difference was kept in the shade , that although both noble lords resorted to the merchants ' yards , they did not do so on the same terms , or any thing like it . For the noble viscount contracted for building such ships at one third more per ton , than the noble earl would have accepted , or could have had them built for . The noble lord complained of the delay that had taken place before any of our naval force was despatched to the West Indies after the Rochefort squadron had sailed . Circumstances had occurred , as well in Europe as in the West Indies , which tended to lower that proud character which our navy had acquired , and always maintained , until within the last few months of the present war . He thought the conduct of the late admiralty was extremely censurable . The noble viscount at the head of it had been guilty of great neglect in not immediately despatching a fleet to the West Indies , to prevent the depredations and insults which had been committed against our possessions in that part of the world , by a squadron , which came out almost in defiance of us , from the ports of France . He had also heard , that some improper preference had been manifested in the appointment of an officer to an important command . That would