1790 which we now have in view , considerable addition had been made by parliament to the insular customs ; their gross produce in 1780 was but 3,200l . ; in 1790 , it approached , within a few pounds , to 7,000l.—Here then , sir , is the source of his grace 's dissatisfaction . Here the grounds of his present hopes of further compensation ! —After glancing , then , at this new discovery of the compensation paid twenty-five years previously , being inadequate , the petition asks the appointment of commissioners to enquire into the nature and value of the rights and species of property necessary to remain vested in the crown for the security of the public revenue , and as to the injury alledged to be done to the petitioner 's remaining interest.—How modest and humble this request ! How great the contrast with the petition of the present day ! such as it was , however , his grace utterly failing in making out any case , the decided hostility of the house to the principle sought to be established , induced the right hon . gent . opposite me to withdraw the bill.—In the following year commissioners were sent , under the authority of the king , to institute these enquiries on 214 the spot . And here I desire to do justice to the selection made ; there were on that commission men of the highest character for candour , abilities , and integrity . With the result of their labours , the island , as well as his grace , had reason to express , and each expresses , perfect satisfaction.—Here , then , it would naturally have been expected that every litigated object , every dormant claim , every possible subject of dispute , would have been brought forward , canvassed , and sifted to the bottom . Serious cause of complaint have I , sir , against the noble claimant , that when this opportunity offered of discussing a most prominent object in this report , from that discussion he shrunk . Had he then urged that monstrous claim on which the committee and his grace 's other friends have so much dwelt , of a despotic power in the lord to impose on commerce what taxes he pleased , he could not have found a person competent to speak on the subject , who would not have witnessed against his claim , and to the reputation of the right being in the whole legislative body . This claim of arbitrary power in the lord proprietor , to ransom his vassals at discretion , with no limit but his moderation and their ability , would have met in the island with neither friend nor supporter.—Is it just , is it even decent , sir , to decide a subject so grave and momentous as this , without hearing the whole of the evidence ; without giving to the house of Keys an opportunity , before some legal tribunal , of being heard ? This body derives its origin from the remotest periods of antiquity : it is perhaps the only Celtic institution remaining upon earth . The insular records go back four centuries . At their commencement the house of Keys existed ; but how long anterior it existed under the same appellation , is unknown . Before the revestment , the power of legislation , in all cases whatsoever , they claimed and possessed in union with the lord-proprietor and his council . The mode of election into that house certainly I shall not defend . But however objectionable in theory , no instance whatever of their abuse of power can be adduced . More faithful guardians of the people 's rights could not have been found . In every dispute with the lord they have ever steadily been found on the side of the people . When these commissioners were pursuing their enquiries in the island , there were members of the Keys , and other persons then living , whose memory could go back 215 half a century or upward , who could have stated the