the case mentioned above , certainly comes within the words of the clause , and if it be made the subject of charge before a court martial , will not , as I apprehend , be thought by such court to be justified by reason of the articles being intended as presents . SP . PERCEVAL . '' May 3d , 1805 , Lincoln's-Inn Fields . — '' I am very sorry to be obliged to say , that the purpose , the honourable purpose for which the unfortunate officer appears to have taken on board a king 's ship the goods in question , would be no defence , it he were prosecuted ; neither could the sentence be mitigated , nor could the king pardon the offence under such circumstances ; therefore , it would be a harsh thing to prosecute upon the statute , the language of which is peremptory . T . ERSKINE . '' May 30th , 1805.—After reading the above , proceeded as follows : —Whatever my feelings may be for the character , of a brother that has been most grossly traduced and calumniated by the sentence of this naval court martial ; much as every man must feel for captain Wood 202 on account of the unprecedented , harsh , and cruel treatment which he has suffered , in being deprived of the command of one of the first frigates in the service , to answer the interested and private views of vice-admiral Duckworth ; yet probably there might be a difference of opinion , whether full and ample redress might not be obtained for this officer , without legislative interference.—Had this therefore been the only object for my wishing those papers to be laid upon the table , I might probably have paused a little longer before I had troubled the house upon that subject ; but when , sir , this act of unparalleled violence and injustice to a meritorious naval officer whilst employed in the service of his country , is immediately connected with the violation of an act of parliament , the foundation and key-stone of our naval discipline and glory ; when the violation of this law is sanctioned by the late naval court martial , and a door thereby thrown open to the greatest abuses in the naval service of this country ; I am sure , sir , there is not any member of this house , however much connected with the vice-admiral , whose conduct is so deeply implicated in those abuses , who must not feel the necessity of attending to a subject of so great national importance—Captain Wood , the officer whom sir J. Duckworth deprived of his ship for the purpose of conferring the command upon his own captain , has served in the royal navy upwards of thirty years , and is a post-captain of eight or nine years standing.—About three years ago lord St. Vincent appointed him to the command of the Acasta frigate of 44 guns , one of the finest frigates in the navy ; and from the recommencement of the war until last November he was employed under admiral Cornwallis in the blockade off Brest , and other French ports.—Were it necessary to have references to captain Wood 's character in the navy , lord St. Vincent , admirals Cornwallis and Harvey , and many other distinguished officers will bear ample testimony to his merits . Towards the end of last November , the lords commissioners of the admiralty ordered captain Wood to Jamaica with a. valuable convoy of ships , where he arrived the beginning of February . He was the unfortunate bearer of vice-admiral Duckworth 's recal , and of admiral Dacres ' appointment to succeed him in that command.—Admiral Duckworth determined upon returning home in the Acasta , which , as senior officer , he had an un- 203 doubted right to do , although , had the good of his majesty 's service been consulted , he would not have kept that frigate under the walls of Port Royal idle one month until the yellow fever commenced its havock ; there were