complained of , but the most daring breach of an act of parliament of the very first importance to this country . Under such circumstances , sir , precedent would be unnecessary , but there must be upon record many precedents , not merely respecting the interference of this house , but of courts of law to correct and controul the unjust and illegal proceedings of courts martial . One immediately occurs , and is mentioned by that very able and respectable gentleman , Mr. Mac Arthur , to whom the public is so much indebted for his excellent treatise upon naval courts martial.—Capt . Norris was brought to a court martial at his own desire , for misbehaviour off Toulon in the business of Mathews and Lestock ; the prosecutor lieutenant Jekyll of the same ship.—Lieutenant Jekyll , Palliser , and others addressed the admiralty , complaining of the proceedings of this court martial ; the same as captain Wood has done in the present instance . The proceedings were laid before the house of commons , and they were declared to have been partial , arbitrary , and illegal . Admiral Rowley was the president of 25 captains , members of this court martial . Another instance happened the year before of the interference of the court of common pleas.—Lieut . Frye of the marines was brought 208 to a court martial , by the captain of the Oxford man of war , for his disobedience of orders . Sir Chaloner Ogle was president of this court martial . He was sentenced to imprisonment , and to be dismissed the service . He recovered of sir Chaloner Ogle 1000 guineas damages ; and lord chief justice Wills told him , he would support an action against every other member of the court martial . He next proceeded against two other members : admiral Mayne and captain Renton , at that time members of a court martial , assembled at Deptford to try admiral Lestock . The court martial addressed the admiralty and his majesty , violently complaining of judge Wills 's intereference . The judge issued his capias against every member who signed the address , and they were only pardoned upon the most submissive apoloigy.—I shall therefore move , `` that there be laid upon the table of this house the proceedings of a late naval court martial held upon vice-admiral Duckworth ; the memorial of Captain Wood to the lords commissioners of the admiralty , dated the 25th instant ; accompanying a case , and opinions of the attorney and solicitor general , Messrs. Erskine , Dallas , and Garrow , respecting the 18th article of war ; also a return from the customs and excise of all articles loaded on board the Acasta that had been entered and paid duty . '' said , he had listened to the hon . gent . in the expectation of learning some sufficient grounds to induce the house to order these papers before them . He however was perfectly disappointed in such expectation . He saw no advantage likely to arise to the public from the house interfering with the sentence of a court martial , the proceedings of which were already sufficiently known to convince the public , that no reflection could possibly with justice be cast upon him . He justified the censure of the court martial on captain Wood . It was according to precedent . In the case of sir Hugh Palliser , who brought admiral Keppel to trial , the court martial that acquitted Keppel declared the charge vexatious , in consequence of which sir Hugh lost his seat at the admiralty board , his colonelcy of marines , the government of Scarborough Castle , and was induced to resign his seat in parliament . The motion of the hon . colonel would be of no advantage to the public or individuals , and therefore he should give it his opposition . spoke in favour of admiral Duckworth . testified , of his own , knowledge , the excellence of the character of the gallant admiral . said he should feel disgraced if