advantages since the contract was made . This would not , surely , be allowed to be a valid argument , unless it could be said , that the bargain was unjust at the time it was entered into . Could such reasoning be admitted for a moment in a private contract ? and why should not the same principles be acknowledged in our public engagements ? But , to what was the improvement in the revenue to be attributed ? Not only to the augmentation of the duties , but to the amelioration in the condition of the people , by which they were enabled to hear that augmentation . This benefit had been derived from a total Change of system , in regard both to the internal affairs and external relations of the island . After what had been already stated , it seemed unnecessary to detain their lordships with any minute and tedious enquiries into the abstract question of right . Right did not exist , and could not be rationally pretended ; an attempt to support such a position seemed to defy all serious and sober argument . The appeal then of the noble duke must not be to the equity , but to the humanity or liberality of their lordships ; yet feelings of this kind could not be connected with the matter under consideration . In the application of the public money , they could respect justice only , and all claims upon the generosity of the house ought to be ineffectual . If a firm and resolute regard were not paid to such principles , the consequence must ever be ruinous and destructive . But the proposition must not only be rejected on its own account , but as introductory of a precedent imminently dangerous . That consideration , independently of every other , would be suffi- 787 cient to induce their lordships , he trusted , to reject this measure . Did noble lords recollect the numerous contracts which were rendered necessary by the multifarious concerns of the empire ? and were they disposed to invite the complaints of every discontented contractor ? It was but a few years since a contract was made with a noble duke ( the duke of Richmond ) for a concession respecting an article ( coals ) of great importance . The increase in the luxuries of life , and the rapid advance of commerce , had so much augmented the employment of this commodity , that the engagement had become highly beneficial to the public . Another noble duke had accepted a remuneration for wine duties . If the demands of the duke of Atholl were satisfied , how could their lordships decently resist the claims of either of the other noble persons with whom contracts had been made , which in the event had turned out so advantageously for the public ? To the same class might be referred the situation of a gentleman of high character in the vicinity of Plymouth . He had parted with a tract of land for the use of government , under the statute , for the consideration of 7l . per acre per annum . This land , by accidental improvements , had now become worth double that rent . What applied to that property was equally referable to prodigious tracts , which , by the industry of the nation , assisted by the legislature , had been severed from private property for the purpose of forming roads , and of intersecting the country by canals in every direction , By the general spirit of improvement , the parcels of land so detached had been rendered valuable beyond all reasonable calculation and apparent probability . Should all the boundaries be thrown down , should all these contracts be annulled , because subsequent emoluments have been derived , which would have exceeded the hopes of the most sanguine adventurer ? He trembled for the consequences which must result from such an utter disregard of the public interest ; he should by no means fulfil his duty to his sovereign as a Member of the privy council , or