have , then I have done enough to justify my motion , and I might , without impropriety perhaps , leave the rest to the wisdom of the house . I believe , indeed , that it is almost impossible to put a stop all at once to the various had consequences that have resulted from the system which has for some time past been pursued ; and certainly I do not pretend to effect so much . But a change is absolutely necessary ; immediate benefits , of great magnitude and importance , would result from such improvements in our military system as I should propose to the 677 committee to adopt at once ; and the rest would follow.—I shall therefore briefly state the outlines of what I would now propose ; but must previously apprise the house , that these suggestions , although in my opinion of infinite importance , are no longer new . The subject has been so often discussed ; I have myself so frequently delivered my opinions upon it in the house ; my tight hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) above all , has treated it in so masterly a manner , that little more is left for me now , than either to repeat myself , or imperfectly to recapitulate what he at various times has so forcibly urged . But the subject is one of such transcendant importance to the glory , the welfare , and the safety of the state , that I shall venture to trespass a little longer on the patience of the house.—If , then , we do go into a committee , the first thing that I would propose to it to do , would be , to undo 'all that tie right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) has done ; namely , to repeal at once the whole of his Parish Bill ; and if I obtained from the committee no more than this , I should congratulate myself on having rendered an essential service to the country , and on having removed one of the numerous obstacles which stand in the way of our getting such an army wove might , and ought to possess . What , '' will it be said , would you at once destroy that beautiful system , from which , in the eloquent description that was given of it by its author , we were taught to expect such happy results ? Have you no consideration for those sixty battalions , who so tenderly sympathize , with your favourite regular army ? `` — None at all , sir.—Nothing less than the immediate destruction of the whole fabric would satisfy me . At the time of the introduction of that bill , I urged my objections to its being passed into a law ; and the sooner it is expunged from the statutes the better . For really , sir , the general principles of it are so absurd , that I can not imagine how a man of that right hon . gentleman 's abilities could ever have conceived such a scheme . He says , that before he came into office , his objection was , not so much that the gross amount of our force was insufficient , as that too small a proportion of it was disposeable . Now , what are the means by which he sets about to remedy this defect ? Why by an attempt to double the amount of in , -disposable force ; for , if his plan succeeded , if the sixty battalions which he has set on foot at an enormous and altogether useless expence had been filled , we should , including militia , have 440,000 men engaged for home service only . Is it possible to conceive a more preposterous mode of setting about to 678 obtain a disposeable army ? Is it not evident to every man of common sense that this enormous home army must absorb the greater part of the men who would otherwise go into the regiments of the line ? for this home army holds