whose claim was rejected by the Deemsters and Keys , have complained to the lord of their invasion of his prerogative ? would the lord himself have acquiesced in that invasion ? —To my understanding , these circumstances , even separately , but taken together , most indisputably evince the very contrary of the committee 's assertion , and prove the lord proprietor not to have made the rate in 224 question.—In 1692 , I am ready to admit , the lord proprietor , by his own and his council 's authority , did innovate on this book of rates . The commissioners of enquiry warn us of similar strides of power having been attempted . They tell us of a few `` exceptions in which the commands of the lord proprietor , have been obtruded as laws on the people . '' Between these acts of power , and the constitutional laws of the country , I have already observed , there is this evident mark of distinction : the latter are invariably proclaimed as laws in a court of Tynwald : the former never were . The alteration made in the book of rates in 1692 never was : therefore , I say , it never was the law of the land.—Gentleman speak of the house of Keys not having opposed this obnoxious measure . At this distance of time I know not the fact , whether they did or did not . But if not , even at this day motives of excuse for their forbearance may readily be imagined . These , sir , were day of calamity to the Isle of Man : they had other more important subjects of dispute with their lord . He had pressed forward claims to all their lands . The island was then deeply depressed in poverty , and it would have been imprudent to irritate the lord proprietor on a subject of comparatively , and at the moment , little importance to them . These duties were of trivial amount ; paid by strangers ; and it was not then foreseen how much , and by what means that amount was afterwards to be augmented.—Even in 1706 , it appears , sir , by an act of Tynwald , stated by the committee , that `` the poverty and mean circumstances of the people '' had prevented the payment of the lord 's fines ; and that to raise on the island an assessment of so small a sum as 1601. a delay of three years was necessarily given.—Where then could the Keys have looked for the resources to enable them to enter into new contests with this powerful lord proprietor ? They might be silent ; but `` it was their poverty , not their will , '' consented.—The motives , or length of time , of this acquiescence , are now of little moment . I shall convince the house , that the lord has solemnly renounced this supposed right . And renunciation of an assumed right proves ten times more strongly against the renouncer , that it was unfounded , than if he never had assumed it.—An act of Tynwald of 1736 , after stating , `` that the present book of rates had not hitherto had the consent 225 and concurrence of the 24 Keys , '' `` ordains , consents , and enacts by the authority aforesaid , that the rates modified and altered should be levied without alteration or any additional duties , customs , or other impositions to be laid on any goods exported or imported for the future . '' His grace 's friends evidently feel that this act of Tynwald is decisive on the question . They say the Keys `` claimed , or assumed to themselves the right of confirming the rate . '' This is not correct : it was not assumed ; their right is admitted . If it could be pretended that the proprietor himself was then unapprized of the extent of his prerogative , does he not appear to have been surrounded by his officers and magistrates ? Seven of them subscribe this law