service money after it had once been approved of by his majesty : he did not know whether this Was the practice in Ireland , but certainly a contrary one might lead to the most dangerous consequences.—Mr . Vansittart then read the act limiting the secret service money to 5000l . a year , and contended , that it was evidently implied by the act , that no account was to be rendered of the expenditure of that sum . The necessary security was obtained , not by having an account published of the mode in which the money had been expended , but by limiting the amount of it . The money laid out had all been accounted for in the way prescribed by law , and the hon . bart , might , if he thought proper , move for papers , shewing the time when the respective secretaries had passed their accounts , With regard to what had fallen from the hon . bart . respecting pensions , it was wholly unconnected with the present subject , and therefore he would not occupy the time of the house with any observations upon it at present . The hon . bart . had referred , to some proceedings in the reign of king William ; but they were of a very different nature from the account now called for , because there was now an account of the sums expended upon the table . The hon . bart . had also alluded to the sum expended in state prosecutions ; this certainly was a subject of regret , but could not be matter of surprise , that such a sum had been expended in four Years , in country in which there had recently been a rebellion , and since that a serious insurrection , and where it must be 40 confessed there still remained a great deal of lurking treason . Upon these grounds he must resist the motion , and really if he could account for the expenditure of the secret service money , he would not do it , from a conviction of the fatal consequences that might ensue . also opposed the motion , and observed , that certainly the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) did carry the measure of union which the hon . baronet had so highly praised , and admitted to be of such high importance to the empire ; and it was rather extraordinary that an enquiry should now be moved under the head of secret service , which seemed invidiously to glance at the carrying of that measure . Certainly large sums had been found necessary to be disbursed in the secret service of that country , in order to detect and frustrate a jacobinical conspiracy , which had its origin so early as 1790 , and the application of secret service money , under the direction and talents of Mr. Edward Cooke , then secretary in the civil department , was most effectual for the purpose.—The question being loudly called for , rose to reply . He observed , that as to secret service money disbursed for the suppression of rebellion , the ministers were not called on to account , as that was specially excepted by the act of parliament ; but this was no reason why no enquiry should be made respecting the expenditure of the sum not so granted . He did not wish to disguise the object of his enquiry . Rumour had very strongly stated , that very large sums , to the amount of more than 25 times five thousand pounds , had been expended by the government of Ireland of very late years , in a very improper and unconstitutional way ; and to investigate this was the object he had in view . If the house rejected this enquiry , particularly the sums lavished for the purposes of the union , they would answer the public call in the same manner that sir Wm , D'Avenant related of lord Stair , who , when called upon for an account of the sums paid in quieting the Highlands of Scotland ,