was reported.—The house resolved itself into a committee on the Stipendiary Curates ' bill , when a conversation ensued relative to some proposed amendments ; after which the chairman left the chair , and the committee were ordered to sit again to-morrow.—Adjourned . commenced his speech with observing , that it would ill become him , after what the house had heard stated , with infinite ability , by the right hon . gent . ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) below him , to go at large into the question . In taking up the time of the house , he was not sanguine enough to hope that he should afford them any additional satisfaction ; but having sat every day upon that committee , and having given all the attention in his power to what had passed there , he thought in incumbent on him to give notice , on a former evening , that he would propose counter-resolutions to any motion of censure which the hon . member on the opposite side might think proper to bring forward against the right hon . gent . below him . It , however , afforded him much satisfaction to see the hon . gent . who brought forward the resolutions this night , assume a tone and manner so different to that which he manifested when he first mentioned his intention of inculpating the right hon . gent . below him . From all that he had then declared , he concluded , that he had determined to bring forward a resolution of direct and unqualified censure against the right hon . gent. , whom he seemed to wish to implicate in the misconduct which had lately engaged so much of the attention of that house . On a former night , when a motion of censure was carried against the violation of an act of parliament , and that it was voted a high breach of duty , he recollected that some gentleman on the other side of the house , endeavoured to extend that censure to the right hon . gent. , and loudly exclaimed , that the country was governed by a `` disgraced administration . '' Some of those gentlemen had since an opportunity of convincing them- 411 selves that the epithet was ill applied , and he was happy to see them adopt a tone and manner , suited to the evidence which appeared before that committee , of which they were such distinguished members . The hon . member who opened the debate was the leading member of that committee ; he called for what evidence he pleased , examined them as he liked , no obstacle was thrown in his way , all the documents on the table were produced by his ingenuity and assiduity ; and it was not unfair to presume , that the moderate tone of the resolutions he brought forward , was the effect of the close and scrutinizing investigation which he had made into the conduct of the right hon . gent . in certain parts of the matters referred to that committee . There were three distinct facts which were the foundation of the resolutions . The communication made to the chancellor of the exchequer by Mr. Raikes , the conduct of the treasury in the affair of Jellicoe , and the accommodation afforded to the house of Boyd and Co. As to the first point , it was comparatively of small importance , and therefore he should not take up the time of the house with any observations on it . As to the conduct of the treasury with respect to the debt due from Jellicoe , he did not think that negligence was to be imputed to the right hon . gent . The customary orders for enforcing payment had been issued as soon as the defalcation was discovered , and it was not to be expected that a minister , superintending the most important interests of the country , could have leisure or opportunity for the consideration of such trifling details . The accommodation afforded to Boyd and Co. was not only