manner . He considered the . measure to he connected with circumstances of extreme cruelty , in obliging the vicar to make great sacrifices to the detriment of his family , when grown old in the service of the church . The parliament had , some time since , decided , that a man who took to priests orders , could not , afterwards , turn his attention to other pursuits ; and , as the present measure would tend to deprive youth of its prospects , and age of its support , he should resist the motion for the speaker 's leaving the chair . defended the bill , conceiving it to he but just and necessary that those incumbents who did not perform the duty which their situation required of them , should be obliged to pay the curates who performed that duty for them . That was simply the object of the bill , and therefore he approved of it . Any faults it contained might , in his opinion , be easily corrected in the committee . said , he had , on a former occasion , shortly stated his reasons for not approving this bill , and he would now , as briefly as possible , repeat his objections to it . He thought it was an attack and infringement on the property of the clergy , which the house had not a right to make . He thought also , that vesting a power in the bishop to give away so much of the revenues of the rector , as one-fifth of the value of his living , was subjecting the more opulent members of the church to a too great dependence on the bishops For these reasons he should object to the speaker 's leaving the chair . spoke in favour of the bill . He said , the house , the glebe , the tithes , and other property , were not the objects of the bill ; the real objects were , the du 43 ties of the rector , and these were very necessary to be attended to . Nothing could so much insure their due performance , as the residence of the rector or vicar ; and if he did not reside there , there should certainly be a regular and ample provision for the person who officiated in his place , and performed his sacred duty ; which did not merely consist in reading prayers , preaching , visiting the sick , marrying persons , & c. but also in keeping up a respectable and social hospitality , and distributing alms in the neighbourhood . It had been objected , that the provisions in this bill were of a novel nature , and the noble lord had said it was a reform in the clerical system . The hon . members , however , who supposed this , were certainly mistaken . In very old times , indeed , this power had been vested in the bishops . As it would be easy to obviate many objections , and to render the bill more agreeable to all parties in a committee , he should certainly vote for the speaker 's leaving the chair . said , he thought there were some parts of the bill which were highly objectionable ; but as these might be modified , obviated , or totally altered , he certainly should vote that the bill go to a committee . said , that he did not rise to oppose going into a committee , but what he had to say was applicable rather to the high duties attached to the spiritual functions of the clergy , and to guard against their violation , than to interfere with the temporalities of their benefices . He was aware that some difficulty and embarrassment was involved with the subject that he should mention , yet in a choice of difficulties and evils it was ever prudent to choose the least . His object was to empower the bishop , in certain cases , to appoint a stipendiary curate , ad interim , where the misconduct of