well deserve to be submitted to a committee of their lordships , for no abuse could tend more to disseminate dissatisfaction among the naval profession , than an undue partiality of that kind . His lordship wished that all those charges should be fully investigated , and seeing no means of doing it more ready than the appointment of a committee , with full powers , he would vote for the proposition of his noble friend . requested leave to say a few words in answer to the unfounded charges which had been urged against his conduct by the noble earl . He would assert , in direct contradiction to what had fallen from the noble earl , that there had been no delay whatever in detaching a sufficient number of ships in pursuit of the Rochefort squadron . That he would assert peremptorily and positively , in opposition to the charge so unwarrantably preferred , either by the noble earl or any one else . That squadron had sailed from Rochefort full twelve days before it was known to any of the commanders upon any of the stations . On the 14th day , the intelligence was communicated to him , and on the next morning he transmitted those orders , in consequence of which admiral Cochrane sailed for the West Indies . There were many noble lords who could testify what he asserted ; and he therefore felt himself justified in repelling , with becoming indignation , the charge of neglect , whether coming from the noble earl , or any other noble lord . As to the charge of a partial preference of a relative of his , that he would peremptorily contradict . Where the noble earl obtained his information , or for what purpose he brought it forward , he knew not , nor was it worth his while to enquire ; but he would positively assert that it had no foundation whatever in truth or in fact . If the noble earl should be . inclined to pursue his attacks upon him , he would recommend to his to prove a little more , and to insinuate a little less . Against the noble earl 's proofs , he trusted , as in the present instance , that he should always be able to defend himself ; against his insinuations he could not hope for equal protection . If the noble earl should scatter his poisoned arrows abroad . some of them might possibly light upon him ; but whether such a mode of assailing the conduct of a person who had been at the head of a great public department , was either fair or honourable , was worthy the consideration of the noble earl . He trusted that he would learn a lesson from the imprudence and inefficacy of his attack on this night , that would discourage him from any future rash repetition of similar charges . observed in explanation , that he had stated the circumstance of the Rochefort squadron having been five or six weeks in the West Indies , unpursued by our fleets , as a fact ; but the supposi 110 tion that this delay originated in secret reasons was a report which he believed to be false . rose in reply , and adverted to the various arguments that had been urged by the noble lords opposite , against his motion . It had been observed , that such an investigation would be , on the present occasion , particularly improper , as it might expose , not only to the public of this country , but to the knowledge of our enemies , such subjects as would be particularly inexpedient . This observation , however , if it applied at all , was applicable only to the discussions that might take place in the house , and not to any enquiries that might be instituted before a committee . A noble lord seemed to think , that the principle on which he had brought forward his motion was his hostility to employing merchants ' yards in building ships of the navy . Here , however