col. had this evening urged , would 693 hold out a sufficient inducement to them to acceed to that , which on the occasion he alluded to , they had most decidedly rejected . Putting out of his view the early part of the hon . colonel 's speech , in which he had travelled so far out of his way to censure the conduct of government in the rupture with Spain , and to state the injurious consequences of that rupture to Great Britain , he would confine himself to the subject immediately before the house , namely , the present military state of the country . There was one fact , which the hon . col. himself could not dispute , and on which he could not help congratulating the house . Parliament had certainly adopted a system in the additional force bill , which , although it might not have been productive to the full extent that was expected by his right hon . friend who introduced it , yet as far as it went , was not only compatable with the recruiting service , but since the existence of which the recruiting for the regular army had been constantly and progressively improving . Though the hon . colonel might impeach the details ( which had already been discussed so largely ) he could not contend that a system which produced under every disadvantage , nine or ten thousand men in the year , was an unimportant one . He had asserted that the increase had not exceeded 4,000 men in the year ; but the papers on the table confuted his statements . In the four first months of this year the army had experienced an increase of 7,500 men ; calculating in that proportion for the remaining eight months , the number would be 15,000 , making in the whole between 22 and 23,000 men , instead of 4,000 and this without including the transfers from the militia . But the hon . colonel seemed to think that the measure which he suggested , of enlisting men for a term of years instead of for life , might without delay be adopted , and by improving the character augment the numbers of our army ; and he insinuated blame against ministers for not having attended to this subject . Now , the fact was , that they had given it the most anxious and painful attention , and the great difference of opinion that prevailed not only among them , but among men of the highest military authority , justified them in not coming to parliament to propose such an alteration . In his own mind , he thought few more men would be obtained by this new inducement , and he was confirmed in this opinion by the fact , that when it was proposed to the Irish militia to inlist into the regulars , a bounty of ten guineas being offered for limited service , and 12 guineas for unlimited service , out of 9,000 , only 250 694 took the to guineas , for limited service , and the remainder were induced , by the trifling addition of two guineas , to inlist for unlimited service . The hon . col. complained of the heavy expence of the second battalions ; but these were of infinite service . From them the first battalions were most easily supplied , as was clearly evinced in the regiments lately sent out to the East Indies , which were immediately compleated to their full compliment of 1000 men from the numbers of volunteers who crowded from the second battalions . Another benefit attending these second battalions was , that in case of invasion ( the danger of which he had never asserted to be at an end ) the number of experienced officers in the midst of the country , ready to take charge of the volunteers or armed peasantry would be a circumstance of incalculable advantage . With regard to the difficiencies at present existing in the regular army , it was evident that all armies raised as those of Great Britain were by voluntary