a debt due to the public . Now , as to the 40,000l . lent to Mr. Boyd , he considered this transaction contrary , not only to statute law , but to the spirit of the constitution , and the principles of common sense . Nay , more , there were on the 416 journals several resolutions expressly condemning the misappropriation of naval money . Every man , therefore , must be aware of the impropriety of such a practice . Indeed he was one of those who always thought that the law should not be dispensed with by any power , unless where the necessity was so urgent , that to abstain from such dispensation , would be a higher breach of duty than the violation of the law itself would involve . The question then was , whether the case of Boyd , was such as to justify a deviation from the general rule ? When first the reason of this loan was stated , it really struck him with surprise . It appeared a most extraordinary transaction . What ! that the credit of the government should be supposed to depend on a loan of 40,000l . If the government really stood in such a situation , which was to be collected from the general arguments of the right hon . gent. , when he stated as a reason for avoiding enquiry , that if any delay took place , the evil might become remediless , then much as was generally said about delicacy of commercial credit , public credit was still more delicate . The right bon . gent . had stated that Boyd could not obtain money in the market for the securities he produced to government , `` inconsequence of the scarcity of cash , and the general embarrassment that then prevailed , '' and yet , strange to tell , it was not above three weeks afterwards , when his majesty , in a speech from the throne , congratulated the country on the prosperous state of its manufactures . commerce , and rapidly growing wealth . The precedent of such a loan was most alarmingly mischievous , and must , if suffered to be acted upon , establish a degree of arbitrary power in a minister.— What ! if it should be understood that minister shall have the discretion of advancing the public money to merchants , for their accommodation , upon any conception that he might form of their necessity , or to prevent any possible evil that his extravagant fancy might suppose , could there be any security for our freedom ? How liable would such practices be to interfere with the purity of that house , and even with the independence of the mercantile world . For , it would be very unlikely that any merchant , independent of ministers , would participate of such accommodations . There were many failures of great mercantile houses in the city at the time Boyd received this aid , and upon what principle should aid he granted to one house , and refused to another ? If it 417 were really necessary to lend the public money , why not apply to parliament for its concurrence , as in the case of the West-India merchants some years ago ? Nothing of the kind should be done without an act of parliament : the consequence of permitting it must be obvious . It was very justly asked , if the right hon . gent . felt the necessity of the case to be so strong , that he was confident of justification , why did he not apply to parliament for an act of indemnity ? but the right hon . gent . said , he could not at the time the loan was made , without a disclosure , that must defeat the object in view . This was an argument , however , that did not avail after the temporary embarrassment of Boyd 's house had ceased , when they had become so flourishing as to be entrusted by government with a large sum of money to be remitted to