policy of the present measure . We are reversing the very purpose and principle of legislation : setting property afloat ; rendering bargains insecure . Nothing but positive proof of violence or fraud could justify parliament in entertaining such a measure . It must hereafter be uncertain up to what period possession may be considered as a bar against claims that may be advanced for further compensation . It is not for us , after the lapse of forty years , to examine whether the sale on the part of this family was provident or improvident . Were time no bar , we are precluded from entering into that enquiry by his grace of Atholl 's own avowal at the commencement of his career , of the liberality with which the treaty was conducted . If the principle be admitted , that the increased value , in the course of forty years , of any one object whatever sold , be it to the public or to an individual , affords a fit and just claim for the seller 's demanding an addition to his price , 217 then , sir , there is an end to the security of property.—To this measure in particular , sir , I object , because we have now but one party in our view . We consider it but with relation to the individual . The interests of the public , the injuries which provoked the servants of the crown to resort to the measures that were supposed to have led to the sale of the island , are now forgotten and unknown . Those who are now guardians of the public purse , no longer feel that sense of duty which impelled the illustrious minister of that day to act as he did in putting down that nuisance . We are now discussing this question as if against an innocent person ; as if the country had no cause of complaint against his noble predecessors . It is scarce in recollection , that a yearly sum of 350,000l . was asserted to be lost to the revenue . If this was true , in ten years the public must have sustained an injury of three millions and a half of money . But certain it is , a gain had accrued to the proprietor of at least 50,000l . beyond his fair legal revenue.—It is quite immaterial to me whether all this was done with or without his knowledge ; he might , and ought not only to have known , but to have prevented it . His duty , as a good subject , forbad his being accessory to a violation of the laws of the parent-country.—Why should not the descendants of the dukes of Richmond and Grafton , or various others , demand a review of their contracts ? If the country proceeds in a progressive state of improvement , there will be a greater disproportion in forty years between the amount of the revenue they sold , than there is in the present instance ; but with this material difference , that what they sold was their right . That which is now claimed springs from what the duke of Atholl had not to sell ; and from improvements resulting from British trade , and marks industry.—To come then to this report , which seems to me to rest on four allegations : 1st , Precipitancy in carrying into execution the agreement . 2d , Inalienability in the objects conveyed . 3d , Incompetency in parliament to legislate for the Isle of Man . 4th , The notable discovery , recently made , of uncontrollable , despotic power in the fedual proprietor of the Isle of Man ; of an absolute monarch created by a limited one . On the first head , this alledged precipitancy . If the charge be not founded on an arraignment of the usual form of proceeding in parliamnt , it appears com- 218 pletely unfounded.—More time than usual , indeed , appears to have been given . It was the noble personages ' own fault if they had not more discussion as well