view of the house , and the hon . gent . took occasion to repeat some words that were used by him ( Mr. Fox ) at the close of the debate on the 8th of April . Certainly , he did say at that time , after the resolutions which the house had passed , that the country was then under a `` disgraced administration , '' and he expressed his hope and wish , that , while in that situation , no public business should be proceeded upon . But then this observation applied to lord Melville , who , notwithstanding the criminating vote of that house , formed an essential part of the administration . If the hon . gent . meant to insinuate that the right hon . gent. , whose conduct was now the subject of debate , was condemned before he was heard , or before any enquiry into his conduct took place , he could assure the hon . gent . that , with respect to him , the insinuation was totally unfounded ; or , if he would infer that any such disposition at all existed , he begged for himself to be excused from the inference . Neither he nor his hon . friend , the mover of the resolution before the house , ever did , in any speech , directly or indirectly , insinuate what would be the result of the enquiry before the select committee . Indeed , in point of facts , none of the gentlemen on his side of the house ever did hint that the right hon . gent . was at all involved in the misconduct of lord Melville . The connection first appeared from the statement of the right hon . gent . himself , with respect to the 40,000l . ; and undoubtedly from that moment the right hon . gent . was justly said to be implicated in the delinquency of violating the law . But he never was considered to be criminal in any degree beyond that which his own avowal naturally implied . And he assured the right hon . gent . that he should feel as sincerely sorry as any man in that house if it had appeared , from the result of the enquiry , that the right . hon . gent . was guilty to the same degree as lord Melville . However much he might have differed from the right hon . gent . in the course of his political life ; however he might have thought his general conduct deserving of blame ; however he might think him blameable in this instance yet he should have felt uneasy 414 and unhappy had it turned out , after the high station which the right hon . gent . had so long held — after the opposition even which he himself had felt it his duty to give him , that the right hon . gent . was personally corrupt . For himself , he could declare , that he never entertained such an opinion of him , and he was happy that the result of the enquiry did not justify the adoption of even a sentiment of suspicion on that ground . Although he had frequently condemned the public conduct of the right hon . gent . ; although he had on many occasions uttered sentiments respecting him which he should have felt it treason against his country and his conscience to suppress , still be never expressed a suspicion that the right hon . gent . was capable of personal corruption , nor did he ever entertain such a suspicion . However he might charge him with that species of corruption that attached to general neglect of duty , his mind entirely acquitted the right hon . gent . of that kind of sordid corruption alluded to by the hon . gent . under the gallery.—But yet in the case under the consideration of the house , another question arose . The right hon . gent . appeared to him , on the first mention of the transaction , with regard to lord Melville