, that the most essential duty of that house was to take care that no money should be raised but in a manner approved by parliament , nor applied but to purposes for which it should be directed by parliament . 69 The house had not given any approbation of the manner in which money had been raised by these . bills . The right hon . gent . hail adverted to the mariner in which navy bills were formerly issued , which practice he allowed to be bad , and had stated that the present mode bad beer adopted with a view to economy , and as not being inconsistent with the constitution . He had himself supported the right hon . gent . 's bills , because he believed the former practice unconstitutional , and inconsistent with economy in the public expenditure . That , too , had been the impression , he believed , of the right hon . gent . himself when he first came into parliament , and took so meritorious a part in the committee on the extraordinaries of the army , he meant the committee of which the first lord Camelford had been chairman . It was then considered as injurious to , and inconsistent with the constitution . The right hon . gent . had substituted bills at 15 months , and afterwards at 90 days . This altered the law , and , therefore , in a constitutional view he could not deem it correct to renew the manner that had been practised before that alteration.—There were many things that required further investigation , and particularly the manner in which this money had been finally paid . It should also be enquired into , whether these navy bills might have been continued consistently with law . If such a mode were once to be admitted , it would amount to an issue of navy bills without the sanction of parliament . He had himself no doubt that the practice was contrary to law ; but he should not then give any final opinion . It was a different case altogether , time suffering the extraordinaries of the army and the navy debt to accumulate , from the issue of these fictitious bills pretendedly issued for services specified , when they were really issued to raise money only . This was an irregularity which required investigation . As to the other point , that it was not worth referring to the committee the difference between the 89 and 90 days discount , he agreed with the right hon . gentleman . But he did not think that the circumstance having escaped the notice of the Messrs. Goldsmids , gentlemen , whom he had not the honour to know , but of whose conduct he had a high opinion , was any argument in justification of its being overlooked by the navy board , because undoubtedly , if these gentlemen had been informed that they had a right to the difference , they would have taken it , As to 70 the secret service money , the right hon . gent . had put it on a good footing , by proposing to refer the consideration of that part of the report to a secret committee . As to the secret services in general , he thought it extremely desirable that the sum expended should be accounted for on oath , in the same manner as money applied to such services from the civil list under the provisions of Mr. Burke 's , bill . As the executive government was the channel through which all the sums voted for the public service were to pass , it was extremely desirable that such sums should be accounted for to the house . But on this subject he should not say more till after further enquiry . It appeared to hint from the report , that the order of the council had not been complied with in the expenditure of this naval secret service money , nor the authority of the lords of the admiralty attended to . As to the stone expedition , he