were now in the situation of judges of the law , and the fact : In addition to that , they had formerly taken upon themselves the character of grand jurors , and it was naturally to be supposed that the evidence to which they had listened in the latter character , must have made some ex parte impression on their minds . To furnish the learned judge with copies of that evidence , was not throwing any discredit on the witnesses , but it was fit their lordships should have an opportunity of comparing the expressions they then used , with those they would now employ upon farther consideration . Such a comparison was necessary , to enable the house to form an opinion of the character , and credit which were due to the evidence of each witness adduced on the part of the prosecution . In a proceeding so entirely new , and anomalous , the means of such a comparison certainly would not be denied , if it could be , afforded consistently with the regulations of the house . The prevent motion went no farther , than to bring the evidence before their lordships . When the proceedings should be on the table , it would be time to determine , whether or not they should be printed ; but he was incapable of conceiving how any mischief could arise from their being printed , and furnished to the learned judge . He had already shown that such a course was authorized by precedent ; and he was convinced , that , in adopting it on the present occasion , no form of their lordships ' house could possibly be violated . wished to know 190 whether the printed papers his learned friend had received on the trial of Mr. Hastings had been furnished to him with the judicial knowledge of the house ? His lordship also observed , that the moment the motion for printing the evidence should be adopted , he should conceive it to be his duty to make a motion to prevent copies from going into the hands of any other persons than their lordships . said , the printed papers he received on Mr. Hastings 's trial were furnished with the entire knowledge of the house . To remove all doubt on that subject , he observed , that having occasion to refer to part of the proceedings which was not printed , he was informed , by order of the house , that it would be printed in the Appendix . said , that , for his own direction in the situation in which he was placed , he should put the question to the house , whether papers printed for their lordships could be communicated to other persons ? —After a few words from lord Auckland , lord Hawkesbury , and lord Minto , the motion for reviving the committee was agreed to . The committee was then ordered to meet to-morrow , and the house adjourned to Monday . A message from the lords informed the house that their lordships had agreed to the Irish Stamp Duty bill , and the Irish Excise Licence bill , without any amendments.—On the motion of sir Charles Price , the house went into a committee of the whole house on the report of the petition for the improvement of the port of London ; and agreed to a resolution that a further sum of 60,000l . be granted out of the consolidated fund for that purpose . The house being resumed , the report was ordered to be received on Monday.—Mr . Rose brought up a bill for rendering perpetual the several acts relative to the Manufacture or Sailcloth in Great Britain . Read a first time , to be read a second time on Monday.—Mr . Rose also brought in a bill for continuing the act regulating the Exportation and Importation of Corn between Great Britain and Ireland . Read a first time , to be read a second time on Monday.—Serjeant Best brought up a bill for amending the act of the 4th of his majesty relative to