these customs , is suffered to remain in arrear . Where are we to look for this sum ? Are we to advertise for it ? Why is it not paid into the exchequer ? Has not parliament precisely directed it to be so paid ? But we are , I am grieved to say it , so habituated to the violations of acts of parliament , that we discover another flagrant instance , without any emotions of surprise.—If this revenue were under the management of the customs , it is by no means probable its produce for so many years would be thus withheld ; nor can I understand why this should be permitted.—The present claim , by one of its supporters , who appears to admit it to be unfounded in justice , is put on some vague grounds of generosity or liberality . Sir , I am not ashamed to say , that as a member of parliament , as one of the guardians of the public purse , I do not comprehend the term . The liberality of an individual , out of that which is his own , I do understand , and know how to prize and honour . But how can I be liberal out of that which is riot my own ? How can the guardian display his fine feelings at the expense of his ward ? The member of parliament , out of the pockets of his constituents ? But , sir , this act of liberality is attempted to be exercised , not out of the pockets of our constituents , but out of the pockets of those who have no representatives ; who exclaim against it ; who think it not liberality , but an act of profusion and injustice.—So far from giving the present claimant further compensation , they say they are as well entitled to compensation as himself . They have had none , but would think it doubly hard to be exclusively subjected to this second and every further claim of compensation , the already compensated seller thinks fit to advance.—We ought not , sir , to drop out of our view in what case the noble claimant himself is placed . You compensate a claim he alledges to be well founded out of an uncertain and fluctuating revenue : you put his interest in direct and constant opposition to the welfare of the island . It will be for ever the interest of him and his descendants to extract the utmost possible amount of duties , to depress as low as possible its necessary expenditure . The bounties to its fisheries , the charges of erecting 232 and improving public edifices , and every other public improvement ; may be so much taken out of his rent-charge . It has been , for instance , thought that some of the insular magistrates and officers receive inadequate salaries . What hope can they have of increase ? In short , what measure attended with increased expence will hereafter be effected , if the surplus becomes the joint property of the crown , and an individual ? Do you not continue this family , of necessity , either their own enemies , or the hereditary and constant opponents of the island , benefiting by its charges , losing by the sums expended for its advantage ? Do you not make it their interest to be perpetually proposing new taxes ? Even with regard to the mother-country , the situation may not be void of danger . It will be the interest of the family to encourage , by every means , the largest possible importations ; but perfectly indifferent in point of interest it be to them , whether these importations are consumed at home or elsewhere . Is this a situation in which a man ought to be placed ? —But if it be determined , sir , to admit this claim , if it must be compensated out of the means of those on whom last of all this burthen should be imposed , in the name of God do it at once ! Exercise