. The pay might perhaps be calculated with some accuracy , if the numbers did not vary ; but the wear and tear , victualling , extraordinaries , stores , and other expences , were necessarily uncertain in their amount . It would not besides be denied , that his majesty , if he saw occasion , had not a right to increase the number of seamen employed , while parliament was not sitting . The prices of stores and victualling fluctuated from year to year , so that it was impossible any estimate could preclude the necessity of incurring navy debt . The measure which had been taken , at his recommendation , in the last war , of increasing the allowances from 4l . to 7l . a month , had gone very far to reduce the accumulation ; but it was impossible to prevent the debt altogether . The practice of issuing navy bills was as old as the revolution . For a long time the only regulation with respect to the payment of them 65 was , that those of longest standing should be paid first . Thus they may be outstanding for fifty or sixty years , without any absolute obligation to pay at any precise time . The alteration that , had been adopted in 1794 went not to prevent the issue of bills , which was impossible , but to provide that they should be paid at the end of 15 months . The object of this regulation was to relieve the bills from the difficulties under which they laboured in the American war , when the uncertainty of payment rendered them subject to a discount of front 12l . to 18l . per cent . This provision , not being found sufficient , it was settled in 1796 , that they should be paid at three months . This regulation did away the discount , and was the means of saving many millions to the nation . It was intended not to prevent the issue of the bills , but to remedy the depreciation of the paper , and to facilitate the public service . It happened that some of these bills could not be paid at the end of the three months , from causes which the committee about to be appointed would enquire into , without breaking in on the money reserved for the expences of the dock-yards , wages , and other expences , an immediate fund for which was indispensable . It was necessary , therefore , to issue fresh bills to those of the former holders , who were willing to accept them as a substitute , and to raise money on the credit of others for those who insisted on payment . This amounted to nothing at the utmost with respect to the holder than the payment at six months of what was before paid at fifteen . The money being raised for the purpose of paying bills issued for naval purposes , was , bonâ fide , applied to naval services , and fairly accounted for to parliament as such . The hon . and learned gent . on this ground supposed a fictitious account , calculated to destroy the credit of all documents laid before parliament from the public offices . He supposed the documents purported that the bills were for one service , while the committee would find they were for another . There was no list of the particular application of the sums of money voted for naval services laid before the house , only an account of the collective amount of the sum granted , stating that it was applied to naval services . It was to be supposed , however , from the professional habits of the hon . and learned gent . that he would not lightly prefer a charge of such a serious violation of the , law ; and therefore it was to be expected , that from 66 whatsoever source he might have derived them , he should come to the committee prepared to give proofs of the charges . he . had made ; or