, I shall now proceed , sir , to call the attention of the house to the several acts of the insular legislature , termed acts of Tynwald , which the report of this committee lays before us.—The first legislative act in order of time , of which a record now exists , is in 1417 , within a few years after the grant from the crown to the Stanley family . By this act penalties are inflicted , or declared , against the receiving felons by certain inferior barons ; or on persons concealing themselves within these petty jurisdictions . To to this act the Keys are , eo nomine , parties . Objections , I know , may be taken to the form of this instrument . Its style is that of `` indenture , '' but the effect and substance of it are clearly legislative : penalties are imposed by it on the subject . Allowance must be made for defects of form in barbarous times , where the rude and ignorant inhabitant possessed no other language than , his own dialect of the Celtic.—Next , sir , I would beg to draw the attention of the house to the first book of insular rates , dated in 1577 , which the committee asserts to have been made by the lord of the isle.—Again , I say , sir , the direct contrary appears on their own showing . These rates appear , in their very front , to be but `` allowed and confirmed '' by Henry earl of Derby . How can a man allow and confirm his own act ? Is it not most palpable 223 that this act must be tern act of others ? that it was complete when presented to him for confirmation ? It is not pretended that the lord was sole legislator on any other head but imposing port-duties . How is it possible he could be in this , when he himself , in the very first instance on record , claims to be , not imposer and maker , but merely as giving his allowance and confirmation ? —Safely as the case might here be left , I do [ not leave it here . An assembly of the legislative power of the island is called once a year , or oftener , of which the Keys are constituent members . This is termed the court of Tynwald . Here all legislative acts are proclaimed ; and until proclaimed , they are not received as law . Certain customs by the lord 's commandment , put in writing by the Deemsters , appear to have been thus proclaimed on the 13th of July , 1577 . Now , sir , I defy the noble claimant to show me one solitary instance of any law whatever , founded on the will of the lord , being thus proclaimed . A proclamation at a court of Tynwald , or of a court of Tynwald , must necessarily and essentially be of the acts of that court ; the Keys were indispensably members of it : and , after careful research , I can not find one instance of the lord , absolute as he endeavoured to make himself , though certainly never so absolute as is here pretended to have been , ever attempting to obtain the sanction of this solemn proclamation to his own mandates.—Next , sir , I will point to the solution given of a doubt which appears to have arisen on the interpretation of this book of rates . A fee of one penny had been fixed by it for the entry of every boat ; a dispute arises to whom the penny belonged . It is decided to belong to the captain 's clerk . By whom decided ? Why , by the Deemsters and Keys . Now , sir , I ask whether this does not most distinctly negative the assertion that the lord was the single maker of the rate ? Would not litigating parties have resorted to the lord to expound what he had himself made ? Would not the person