admiral were then successively agreed to . moved the second reading of , Trotter 's Indemnity bill . desired to know , whether it was intended by the bill to grant indemnity to these from all the consequences of the confessions they might be forced to make ? replied , that the bill was not to force any confessions , but merely to protect the parties giving testimony from any criminal prosecutions , and not from civil actions . gave notice of his intention to state his sentiments respecting the bill to-morrow , on the question 'that the Speaker do leave the chair , ' previous to going into the committee . trusted the hon . gent . would not object to the bill being committed this day , as it was material that it should pass without any delay . The hon . member would have an opportunity of stating his sentiments on the third reading.—The bill was then read a second time , passed through the committee , was reported , and ordered to be read a third time to morrow . gave notice , that on Monday next he should move certain resolutions , founded on the report of the commit- 729 tee on the conduct of Sir Home Popham . His object , in moving these resolutions , was , to obtain , on the part of the house , for that gallant officer , the same acquittal from any imputation on his honour and integrity , which he had already by the report of the committee . There were various other topics on which the committee had reported , which it was not his intention to bring into discussion this session . It would be for the house to determine next session how far it might be desirable to take these topics into consideration . moved the order of the day for taking into further consideration the report on the Southern Whale Fishery bill ; which being read , he said there was a clause proposed to be added , to which he understood there were many weighty objections , as it related to the revenue , and was of the utmost importance . In consequence of the absence of his right hon . friend , the chancellor of the exchequer , he proposed , therefore , to postpone the further consideration till tomorrow . objected to this delay . He said , he had asked the right hon . gent . who spoke last , when this business was to be peremptorily brought on , and he told him today . Many gentlemen had therefore come down at very considerable inconvenience in order to attend it , and there was at present a fuller attendance than could be expected again during the session . He had come on purpose himself , and it would be very inconvenient to him to attend to-morrow . He hoped , therefore , the house would proceed . said , that in addition to the reasons given by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose , ) there was one he thought would weigh with the house . As this was a subject which very materially concerned the revenue , the absence of his right hon . friend the chancellor of the exchequer would , he hoped , induce the house to agree to postpone it till to-morrow . said , the subject had been very fully argued in former stages of the bill , and he saw no reason why the chancellor of the exchequer should necessarily be present now ; however , if the right hon . gent . was ill , he would not oppose the delay . said , he should be sorry to press a question under Such circumstances ; but he saw no reason why the right hon . gentleman 's presence was necessary . thought the bill of the highest importance , and that it was only a 730 compliment due to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer to defer it . expressed himself decidedly against delay . assured the house that the cause which prevented the chancellor