which it had been affected during the formed practice.—The question was then put , and the chancellor of the exchequer 's amendment agreed to . The committee was then ordered to consist of 21 members , and to be chosen by ballot to-morrow.—.Adjourned . The final decision upon 72 the Irish appeal cause , Redington v Redington , was , after some observations from the lord chancellor upon the nature of the case , postponed till Monday.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages , and several private bills were brought up from the commons , and were severally read first time.—The lord chancellor acquainted the house that he had received a letter from a noble peer ( the earl of St. Vincent ) , respecting his attendance on a committee on the other house of parliament . This was read by the noble and learned lord , and the purport of it was that , were he permitted by the house , he did not entertain the slightest objection to attend the committee as required , or to having any part of his official conduct examined into . Lord Auckland loved that a message be sent to the commons , desiring to know the grounds and purposes for which they required the attendance of the earl of St. Vincent , upon to committee appointed to enquire , & c. which was ordered accordingly . rose , and observed , that this being the day appointed for the house to resolve into a committee to enquire into the charges against Mr. Justice Fox , it became necessary , from particular circumstance , to request of the house the indulgence of postponing , this enquiry a few days longer . Not at all from any unwillingness or impromptitude on the part of the learned judge to meet the charges against him ; for he begged to remind the house , that row the first moment that learned judge had heard of those charges , he professed not only his readiness , but his most anxious wish to meet enquiry , and to be put upon the vindication of his character and conduct . It was his wish to have been heard by counsel at the bar of that house , and nothing was farther from his desire than the slightest delay or evasion . But an account of the non-arrival of some papers material to his defence , it became necessary to request their lordships to postpone for a few days longer , the proceedings in this business . The noble and learned lord concluded by moving to discharge the order of the day , and to appoint the committee for Thursday next ; which was agreed to , rose to bring forward his promised motion , in consequence of the notice he had given on a former day : that motion he felt it necessary to preface by some observation 73 on the subject of the enquiry it was his object to propose for their lordships adoption ; and he apprized their lordships , that the tenor of his motion would be directed to the appointment of a select committee to enquire into the abuses which had obtained in the naval department . It was particularly worthy of remark , that the long list of papers for which he had moved in the month of March last , and which had been refused to him by his majesty 's ministers , had been since granted , upon the motion of an hon . member in the other house of parliament . In order to enable their lordships to enter into a full enquiry upon this subject , it would not only be necessary for them to investigate those papers , but several others for which it was his intention to move , should the house think fit to adopt his motion for the committee . In the investigation to which he had no doubt their lordships would readily be induced to accede , he desired expressly to disclaim all views of personal asperity towards any officer of his majesty 's government . Public justice was his sole