. The hon . member prefaced his motion by stating the reasons that had induced him to postpone it so many different times . He had hoped that some amicable arrangement would have taken place between the directors general of inland navigation and the grand Canal company in Ireland , but finding that expecation frustrated from a late laconic answers of the former board , he felt it his duty to solicit the interference of the house , as his constituents were materially affected by the tolls now levied , which exceeded any levied in this or any other country . The parliament of Ireland had granted at different times considerable sums of money for the reduction of the exorbitant rates of tolls on the canals in Ireland . These grants had produced the desired effect on the Barrow , and royal Company 's canals . The rate of toll had also been lowered , in consequence of a former grant of the Irish parliament , ten miles below Banagher , whilst the exorbitant rates were continued in the King 's County . Above 200,000l . of the public money had been granted to the grand canal , and if the rates now levied should not be lowered , he could assure the house that the expected advantages would not be derived from it , as many persons in the vicinity of it now preferred land carriage . He therefore moved accordingly . Mr. Prinsep rose to second the motion , and stated briefly the necessity of lowering the tolls , in order to render the canal system in Ireland , for which an expence of no less a sum than one million of the public money had been incurred , nationally beneficial ; but disclaimed on his own part and that of the hon . mover , any wish for any reduction of the tolls , except an adequate compensation being made to all the parties . After a few words from Mr. Alexander , the motion was agreed to , and the committee appointed and directed to report on the subject , together with their observations thereon to the house.—Mr . Wilberforce presented a petition front the inhabitants and manufacturers of the parish of Wakefield ; also one from those of the parish of Saddleworth , both in the county of York , against the corn bill , which were referred to the committee to which the other petitions on the same subject had been referred.—Mr . Fellowes , pursuant to notice , moved , `` that there be laid before the house a copy of the return or returns made to the privy council by the archbishops or bishops , of the names of any persons hold- 51 ing preferments within their respective dioceses or jurisdictions , who may not have resided thereon in consequence of exemptions or licences under the 43d of his majesty , chap . 84 . '' A long conversation ensued , and it was at length agreed , on the suggestion of the Speaker , as the accounts were voluminous and could not be speedily produced , that the accounts should be prepared in order to their being laid before the house early next Session of parliament. -- On the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , the house went into a committee of supply , to which were referred the several accounts laid before the house on the 6th of March last , and on the 6th instant . He also moved in the committee that a sum not exceeding 25,000l . be granted for the Crinan canal ; and a sum not exceeding 50,000l . for the inland navigation canal , between the west and eastseas , by Inverness . He moved also the usual grants for the clerks and other officers of the house , which were agreed to. -- On the motion of Mr. Huskisson , leave was given to bring in a bill to allow the commissioners for auditing accounts to admit of vouchers in certain cases , though not stamped according to law. -- A petition of Paul Bridson and William Stowell , esquires ,