the Cape of Good Hope . It would have been no disgrace to Boyd 's house to reveal the circumstances of the loan at that time . But after the total failure of the house no motive of delicacy could be pretended to exist . In the part of the right hon . gentleman 's speech which referred to this point , he could not help observing , that there was much to complain of and even to deplore . The right hon . gent . declared , that he felt no compunction for the act . There was really something very extraordinary in the declaration—that a minister who violated a law for purposes of private expediency felt no burthen on his conscience—that he who was entrusted with a principal office in the execution of the law , should reflect , without pain , on a gross breach of provisions . The thing was not , as his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had truly stated , to be heard without surprise and indignation in any government of law , but particularly in this country . The right hon . gent . had stated , at one time , that when the bankruptoy took place the act of indemnity did not occur to him . But why did it not occur to him ? If the right hon . gent . were not in the habit of making such use of the public money , which he was not inclined to believe , and that this was the only case that had been detected , one would naturally suppose that the indemnity should have occurred to him , and it was a bad symptom of his government that he was not anxious to obtain it . But it might be said that he considered the application to parliament unnecessary , as he hoped the transaction would remain a secret . In this hope , if the right hon . gent . entertained it , he had 418 been disappointed , and he trusted that this would serve as an example that the transgression of the law was not likely to remain a secret ; for after nine years concealment , the malversation before the house was brought to light . Indeed , the misappropriation of the public money , was a thing that was never known to have escaped detection , at some time or other . With the exception of the 20,000l . mentioned by lord Melville a few nights since , that was a case perfectly sui generis . But the fact was , that the loan of the 40,000l . being known to many persons , was not likely to remain a secret , and as a secret precedent might operate considerable mischief . For what might be the consequence on a successor of the right hon . gent. , who , from his example , might be induced to make similar loans . Such a successor might be told , `` there , Mr. Pitt , who was represented by his friends , and admitted by his enemies , to be perfectly free from personal corruption , lent 40,000l . of the public money to accommodate an individual , how can you hesitate to do the same ? '' So much as to precedents in secresy , which really might be more dangerous than public precedents . However , the idea respecting money did not apply to the resolution before the house for , although this act was secret before , it was now become a matter of publicity ; and , therefore , some proceeding to guard against the operation of such a precedent ought to be adopted.—In considering the course that ought to be adopted on this occasion , it was his desire to distinguish the motive from the act , He had already said , that he acquitted the right hon . gent . of any degree of personal corruption and of course did not mean to impeach his motive in this transaction , but his object was to provide against such an act growing into a precedent ; and he