out to them not only all the general inducements to enlist which the regular army can offer , but also many very important and weighty advantages which are peculiar to it , and which the latter does not possess . For , if we consider for a moment what are the circumstances or dispositions , which induce men to enlist as private soldiers , we shall he convinced that either temporary distress , or an inclination to an idle and vagrant life mixed with a desire of figuring in a gay and splendid military dress , are . amongst the most frequent and powerful ; and all these operate as much in favour of the home army as of the regiments of the line ; in addition to which , the former can offer as good pay and a much higher bounty to a man for five years service at home , than the latter can give to induce him to bind himself for life to serve in all parts of the world . It is therefore evident , that great numbers of men , who would go into the regular army if they had no other opportunity of gratifying those propensities which induce them to make trial of a military life ; especially if they could engage in it for a limited term of years , will now prefer those branches of the service in which all those propensities are equally gratified , in which they will at the end of live years have the option of remaining or changing their situation if they do not like it , and in which they are not exposed to he sent to those climates , the fatal effects of which are so universally known and dreaded : and thus it must he evident to every man of common sense , that the more you extend this receptacle , the home army , the more you obstruct the recruiting of the regular army , which , if it was differently constituted as to the duration of service , and had not to combat such a competition as you now raise against it , would probably he filled without difficulty.—From these considerations I am justified , first , in assuming that all the men whom you draw into the home army , are , in fact , diverted from the regulars ; and secondly , in deriving that any men are obtained , either by this or other such schemes , who might not , by a more judicious management , have been obtained for general service for a limited time . This is the main objection to all establishments of this sort generally : and as to this particular scheme of the right hon . gent . it is , from beginning to end , fraught with absurdities and defects peculiarly its 679 own . What can be more absurd , or if not altogether nugatory , what more mischievous , than the idea of employing the parish officers as recruiting serjeants ? and yet this is the grand merit of the bill ; it is , to use an expression of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) the sole invention for which this patent was taken our . I have heard the right hon . gent . the author of this bill , describe , in general terms , the manifold advantages of this invention ; but I confess I am still quite ignorant how it is to operate ; and I entreat of him to condescend , for once , to lay aside that eloquence which he can so readily apply to every occasion , but which may sometimes tend rather to dazzle than instruct an ordinary understanding , in the investigation of a subject so plain as this ; I would entreat of him , I say , to condescend for once to tell me , in plain language , how it is that these parish officers are to perform the task which he has assigned to them . Would he have them do what all other recruiters , in all countries , are obliged to