, not to have paid a proper deference and attention to law , when he was informed of its violation by Mr. Raikes . When information of that nature was communicated to him by any person whatever holding that office , which in foreign countries , is denominated `` superintendant of the finances , it was justly thought incumbent on him to have instituted an enquiry into the circumstances , and to have put a stop to the evil complained of . From the report of the committee it appeared that the right hon . gent . had made enquiry , and however unwilling he might feel to aggravate the case of lord Melville , who was now ordered for trail , he could not help observing , that he did not think it possible that such an answer could have been given to such enquiry . The right hon . gentleman 's reliance on that answer , from the nature of the situation held by lord Melville , and the connection subsisting between him and the right hon . gent. , could not fairly be made the ground of censure , although the neglecting to investigate the business farther , betrayed rather a want of diligence . But the circumstance , however , of the right hon . gentleman 's giving credit to the statement of lord Melville , although a matter of regret , was not a just founda- 415 tion for blame . No , but if the evidence on the table was correct , as he had no doubt that it was , for it stood uncontradicted by any thing that came from lord Melville himself when before the house , the guilt of the noble lord was in an inverse ratio to that of the right hon . gent . Without entering into the question , whether , if the amount of the transfers from the bank to the house of Messrs. Coutts , was bona fide for the purpose of carrying on the `` details of office , '' such transfers would have involved a violation of the act , as was his own opinion , there surely could be no question that the transfers that were actually made were contrary to its spirit and letter.—But however the right hon . gent . might stand in this part of the subject , from his excusable confidence in the word of lord Melville , he was very differently circumstanced with respect to the case of Jellicoe . Lord Melville 's tenderness to that man might form . on the score of humanity and justice , some claim to the consideration of the lords of the treasury . But the complaint was , that the noble lord did , in his endeavour to obtain the writ of privy seal , state that which was not fact , and that the treasury board did act on misrepresentation without enquiry . Lord Melville , it appeared , stated in his memorial that Jellicoe 's debt was contracted before he entered into office , whereas the fact was , that much the greater part of it accrued after he became treasurer of the navy ; and still more , that , after the indiscretion and debt of Jellicoe was communicated to lord Melville , he continued to trust him . Now there was this marked difference between the case of a noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) , for whom it was impossible for him to feel any other sentiment that that of respect , and the case of Jellicoe , to which the right hon . gent . professed to consider it quite analogous , that lord Grenville , after the money was embezzeled , reposed no farther confidence in the person who was guilty , and made no false statement ; while , in the instance of lord Melville , the conduct pursued was directly the reverse . The blame then which attached to the right hon.gent . in the case of Jellicoe consisted in this , that he granted lord Melville an acquittance upon false grounds , and in an unprecedented manner , for