whom he had already spoken as illustrating the principle by volunteer officers had rank over those who had seen the service of 25 or 30 , or perhaps 40 years , and which must have an unfavourable effect in the minds of such officers , he had no towards that gentleman ; he believed he was a very good character ; he had a better education than pastry-cooks might be expected to have in general . No doubt he was a fit person to know how soups might be well made , but he had no hesitation in saying that he should feel his pride hurt in being told that such a person , however respectable in private life , was to command him in a military character . There was a great deal of difference of opinion between him and the noble lord on the subject of our military to stern , and that he took to he a very good reason for going into a committee for the purpose of seeing who was right.—The motion was then put , and negatived without a division.—Adjourned . alluding to the Paddington Canal bill expected from the commons , said the present system of the corn market was a very bad one , and tended to support monopolies . The corn exchange , or market , was by no means large enough ; there were but few places for the exhibition of samples ; and these being in the hands of a few individuals , a great opportunity for monopoly was evidently afforded . He would therefore recommend the erection of a large and more commodious corn exchange in room of the present one , and also the establishment of another corn market , in the vicinage of Paddington . The same observations would nearly apply to the supply of the metropolis with coals , and to the present coal exchange ; towards ameliorating which he should propose to the house , early in the next session , some propositions , the general object of which he had just stated . called the attention of the house to the petition he had presented on a former evening from the inhabitants of the islands of Guernsey and Jersey , praying to be heard by their counsel against certain provisions of the bill . It was his intention to move , that the petitioners should be heard by their council . said , that the objections of the parties were stated rather as against certain provisions of the bill , than to its principle . The committee was of course the fittest stage for the hearing of counsel , and to that he had no objection.—The bill being read a second time , and committed for to-morrow , moved that the petitioners 722 be heard by their counsel in the committee , and that the lords be summoned for to-morrow , on which motion both were ordered . censured the procrastination which delayed the bringing forward a bill of such importance , and disapproved of its being attempted to be passed through that house as a matter of course , as the bill went not only to affect those who held their places during pleasure , but the emoluments of those who held patent places ; a description of tenure , which was always held as sacred as any other kind of property . Many of those persons were even ignorant of such a bill being before parliament ; he should therefore propose , that the progress of the bill be postponed for a little time , until the parties alluded to should be aware of what was going forward . observed , that he should not on his part object to postponing the committee till to-morrow . thought this too short a postponement , in reference to what he had stated . It was at length agreed to postpone the committee on the bill in question till Friday . moved , that a message be sent to the commons , requesting they would furnish their lordships with a copy of the evidence upon which they had passed the bill for indemnifying John