dignity of their lordships ' proceedings . spoke in answer to some general observations made by the last speaker . With .respect to the particular case under consideration , he observed , that the advanced period of the session , and the circumstances of the delays which had hitherto occurred , should be a stimulus to their lordships to begin the proposed enquiry , as soon as they could , to go on as long as they could , and , if they were not able to terminate it this session , to do all in their power to do so . However , with respect to that house , he thought it far from impossible to conclude the business this session . expressed himself willing to acquiesce in what was suggested by the noble and learned lord , in expunging those parts of the address alluded to ; but this acquiescence Was founded in reasons very different from those which were urged as adequate for such an omission . He could not assent to the idea , that a judge was not to be called to a parliamentary account , except for his official conduct us such . The noble marquis then explained the specific grounds on which he entertained no objection to expunge the particular parts alluded to . was of opinion , that no article of charge , which would not of itself be sufficient to ground an address of removal , should be considered by the committee ; such a regulation would tend greatly to expedite their lordships ' decision , which he was inclined to think might very well be made this session . expressed his concurrence in the opinion that a judge may be guilty of several acts , besides those he may commit in his judicial capacity , which would render his removal necessary and proper ; there were also several acts of a judge , on which it may be proper to ground an address for removal , and still not amount to a cause for the more serious proceeding of impeachment. -- The marquis of Abercorn , who had been permitted to withdraw the address , for the purpose of making the suggested omissions , returned the address so amended . The questions were then regularly put , and the address was ordered to be referred to a committee of the whole house on Monday next , for the purpose of an enquiry into the truth of the facts alledged therein . The petitions , & c. which had been presented , relative to the complaints against Mr. Justice Fox , were referred to the said committee ; and , on the motion of lord Hawkesbury , a copy of the address was ordered to be furnished to Mr. Justice Fox.—Some conversation arising between lord Auckland , the lord Chancellor , lord Hawkesbury , and other peers , about the proper forms of proceeding , the attendance of Mr. Justice Fox , & c. , these points , particularly the question , `` where and how '' Mr. Justice Fox should attend ? were , on the motion of the lord chancellor , ordered to be taken into consideration on Friday next.—Adjourned . moved an address to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased to order a statement of the proceedings of the commissioners for the sale and redemption of the land tax , & c. to be laid before the house . Ordered.—Mr . Loveden moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of all the monies , stocks , funds , or securities for monies , standing in the name of the accountant-general of the court of chancery , or of the deputy remembrancer of the court of exchequer at the bank of England , or south-sea house , being the property of persons suitors in these courts . Ordered.—Mr . Bernard , pursuant to notice , rose to move that a committee be appointed to enquire into the tolls on the grand canal in Ireland , and what measures have been adopted , or may be adopted for their re- 50 duction