board . This act appeared to him to have been drawn with great attention ; it appointed six directors and six commissioners ; the former were to have no salary , and the latter to be paid only in proportion to their attendance . It had , however , turned out that this board , either through mismanagement or from unfortunate circumstances , had got very considerably into debt , and the situation of the streets of Dublin was now absolutely disgraceful . It was not now necessary for him to examine who was in fault , because the existence of the evil was sufficient to justify him in proposing the enquiry . When the present board was instituted , their predecessors bequeathed them a debt of 45,000l . ; that debt was now 84,000l . It was there evident that to go on in the same system , without increasing the revenue or applying some remedy , would only increase an evil already of such magnitude . With regard to any mismanagement which might have taken place , he had not sufficient information to enable him to speak positively but he had sufficient to be satisfied that an enquiry was necessary . It was also his intention to propose that a power should be given to the lord lieutenant ( in case the year commissioners of enquiry now to be appointed should so advise him ) to suspend he present board , and to appoint a new one for the conduct of this business . but 114 the house must be aware , that whether the present board was continued , or a new board appointed , the evil must increase , unless some funds were provided ; he should therefore propose to the house to give a power to the treasury of Ireland to advance a sum of money for the present exigency . But as he was anxious not to act with any precipitation upon this subject , he should propose , after the bill was brought in , to fill up the blanks in a committee , with a view to its being recommitted , and , in the mean time , it should be sent to Ireland for the consideration of the Corporation of Dublin . This mode of proceeding he thought most candid and proper . He concluded with moving for leave to bring in the . bill . as a member of the Paving Board , rejoiced that the time for enquiry had arrived . He agreed that the shameful state of the streets of Dublin required something to be done immediately , but he denied that the Paving Board had been guilty of any misconduct ; their crime was their poverty ; the expenditure of the corporation greatly exceeded their income ; many of the most essential articles in their work had trebly increased in their price , while the taxes remained the same , and without means it was impossible for them to do their duty to the public in the manner that was expected.—He approved of the commissioners , but thought they should be appointed in the house of commons , and not by any one out of it , and that their enquiries should extend to the investigation of the grounds upon which the unfavourable report made three years since of the Paving Board by the commissioners of imprest accounts was founded.—The noble lord stated also some details proving the inadequacy of the funds of the board to the fulfilment of their contracts . He said , the principal part of the debt had been contracted by the former corporation ; the debt incurred by the present board arose from the great increase in the price of every article ; oil , for instance , was more than double the price it was , when the board was first instituted , and the sum they paid for cleaning the city had increased from 1600l . to 5000l . a year , and for this they were only allowed 2000l a year . He approved very much of the enquiry , because , if the present board had acted wrong