stranger . '' Good God , sir , could there be a more gross or more scandalous libel against the whole of the captains of the British navy ? Excepting captain Dunn , this admiral durst not trust himself in a ship during a few weeks ' passage with any British captain with whom he had not a personal acquaintance , and , strange to relate , there could be found a majority of three admirals and nine captains of the British navy , deliberately , in the character of judges , to recognize and approve of this act of violence . by which they acknowledge , that a commission from the admiralty is no protection to them against the whim , or caprice , or revenge , of a commander in chief on a foreign station , who may shift them from the finest frigate in the service into any old hulk bearing a pendant , so that she happens to be of a superior class in the navy list , even when recalled from command , and not going upon service : what have not those gentlemen to answer for to their 205 brother officers ? —Let me now submit to the house how totally at variance are the actions and professions of the vice-admiral . By the 18th article of war , `` every naval officer , who either loads on board , or permits to be laden on board of any ship of war , goods or merchandize , excepting for the sole use of the ship , is not only to be cashiered , but to be rendered for ever incapable of serving his majesty . Admiral Duckworth had loaded on board of the Acasta , by his own admission , 11 logs and 2 slabs of mahogany , large wardrobes made at Jamaica by the carpenters of the ship who were eating the king 's provisions , and receiving the king 's pay , and employed by the vice-admiral for the purpose of making the furniture to be used in his house in England . Any noble-minded man , sir , would have said to his successor , `` these are articles which I found necessary to the convenience and comfort of my command , they have been made at little experience to me , pray consider them as belonging to the house assigned for the commander in chief , and as I now transfer them to you , do you take care that they are transferred to your successor . '' This , sir , might have justified the making them at the king 's expence ; but to manufacture them at Jamaica , and send them to England in packages , ( for it is not pretended that they were put on board for the admiral 's use on the passage home , ) they can be considered only as articles of trade . I should be glad to know how the captain of the ship , who mustered Redhouse , the admiral 's joiner , ( as he is called in the minutes of the court martial , ) for the three years he was working , on shore , would answer to a charge of false muster , were it to be brought against him and the admiral . With regard to the mahogany , of which there were eleven logs from two to three feet thick , and from 10 to 14 feet long each , also two slabs ( stock for a first-rate cabinet-maker in London ) , I will venture to pronounce , that there is not a member of this house who will say , that those articles could be considered as any thing but `` goods and merchandize , '' within both the spirit and the letter of the act of parliament . There were also shipped on board the Acasta about 20 casks of wine and rum , and from 30 to 40 casks of fruit , besides various other articles not worthy of notice ; none of which have been alledged as for the ship 's use . To make room for those