had passed the duke of Atholl 's Annuity bill . On the motion of Mr. Dundas , it was ordered that the answer of the house be sent by messengers of its own.—The Attorney General moved , that the consideration of the Lords Amendments to the Stipendiary Curates bill be postponed till to-morrow . At the same time he felt it his duty to state , that some of them appeared to him to be of such a nature as the house could not entertain . He then gave notice , that he should tomorrow move for leave to bring in a bill that might obviate this difficulty.—Sir C. Price presented a petition from the merchants and ship owners of the city of London concerned in the Whale Fishery in favour of the Greenland Whale Fishery bill , and against the prayer of Mr. Greville 's . petition . Ordered to lie on the table . in consequence of the discussion that had taken place on Monday , and the explanation that an hon . member ( Mr. Jeffery ) had given of the tendency of the motion which it was his intention to bring forward next session , on the subject of the administration of the navy , felt it his duty to move for a number of papers , which , in order to save the time of the house , he should omit enumerating , leaving them to be severally put from the chair . The first was , `` that there be laid before the house copies of all directions issued by the admiralty to the navy board , respecting the repairs of his majesty 's ships , from the 1st of October,1801 , to March , 1803 ; '' the second , `` copies of all directions from the admiralty to the navy board , on the subject of working shipwrights , from the 1st of October , 1801 , to April , 1803 ; '' the third , `` copies of all directions from the admiralty to the navy board , on the subject of working shipwrights , from 1783 to 1786 . '' These papers were ordered , and several others , without any comment . But on the question , that there be laid before the house an account of the expence of building and 725 repairing of the Vesta , Pallas , and Narcissus , built at Plymouth , & c. not for the purpose of objecting to the motion , but to show to the house of commons the difficulty of procuring such information as that called for by the motion of the hon . admiral . For this purpose he should take the liberty of reading an extract of a letter from the navy board to the secretary of the admiralty , on the subject of some accounts on a former night moved for by the hon . admiral . The letter stated , that every effort had been made to comply with the orders of the house ; that some of the accounts were prepared ; others would in a few days be ready ; but that a part of the accounts could not be made out in many months ; though the several clerks were employed in preparing them during extra hours . These accounts were those moved for by the hon . admiral , respecting the amount of the original contracts , and of the annual expence of repairs of certain of his majesty 's ships . He stated this not with a view to put any impediment in the way of the production of the papers moved for , but to prove to the house the difficulty of complying with such orders , and the expence that would accrue to the public therefrom . replied , that the accounts on which the hon . gent . had commented , related to the original price , and the amount of expence of annual repairs of his majesty 's ships , which accounts were already in the navy office , in a book called the Doomsday book . This book was now at the navy office .