He considered the compensation in a two-fold aspect , as a compensation for dignity , and as a compensation for revenue . The original sum of 70,000l . might be considered as nearly exhausted by the compensation for dignity , leaving but a small surplus for revenue . He urged the claims of the duke also on account of the increase of revenue since that period . considered the business as what was vulgarly called a `` job '' . He thought that a case had never occurred , which involved so unwarrantable and shameful an abuse of the public money . supported the petition , and spoke at great length in favour of the original motion . argued against the motion . said , he would detain the house only with a very few words , and the rather he should be disposed to confine his remarks , because , excepting from his right hon . friend below him ( Mr. Windham ) , he had heard very little that was applicable to the question . The committee in which these claims were considered , had been treated as indecorous , irregular , and even clamorous . It had the general defects of all open committees , and this was all that could be stated justly against it . The whole of the present debate was out of time ; the gentlemen who had discussed the subject ought to have attended in the committee of which they complain , and to have assigned their reasons for the conduct they would now pursue . The question now before the house was , whether the report of the committee should be taken into consideration ; and it was absurd , on such an enquiry , to examine into the general merits . The whole affair had been charged as a ministerial job . He should not easily be suspected of conducing to any project of this kind , and the doubt to was not what the duke of Atholl should receive in remuneration , but whether the house of commons should preserve that dignity and justice in its proceedings , by which it should be ever characterised . Much of the argument had been applied to the sovereign rights of the house of Atholl . He should have been extremely glad to have seen the right hon . the attorney-general in his place , to have denied the existence of such rights , and as he did not appear in his place to support his former opinion , he might at least be permitted to 238 conjecture , that the right hon . and learned gentleman had abandoned his former sentiments . He reluctlantly opposed the friends with whom he was accustomed to concur , but he felt it is duty to vote for receiving the report . spoke at length against the claim , and made several observations on the arguments advanced.—The house then divided ; when there appeared for the original motion 114 ; against it 48 ; majority 66. then proposed that the committee be appointed for Wednesday next , as the first open day , which was opposed by Mr. Curwen and Mr. Peter Moore , who moved an amendment , to insert the words on Monday se'nnight . The house then divided . Against the amendment 40 ; for it 14 ; majority for the committee on Wednesday 26 . The other orders of the day were then disposed of , and the house adjourned at half past three o'clock to Monday . The claim of sir Cecil Bishop to the Zouch peerage was further proceeded in . Mr. Gaselee was heard on the part of the claimant.—Lingham 's Divorce bill , and some other bills mostly private , were read a third time and passed.—Lord Auckland presented an Account of the Proceedings of the Trustees of Chatham Chest under the late act of parliament ; which was ordered to lie on the table.—On the Salford Justices ' bill , in a committee of the whole house , the clerk of the peace for Lancashire was examined relative to the bill , after which the bill