found in direct contradiction with their report.—The individual conduct of a member of this house , on any subject in which the public interest is concerned , needs no apology : but if I wanted one for the part I think it my indispensable duty to take on this occasion , I should feel myself entitled to the indulgence of this house when defending the interest of the house of Keys of the Isle of Man , acting under an unanimous vote ; the interest of 1300 respectable land-owners of that island , whose petition lies on your table , and of 30,000 unrépresented persons , its inhabitants , whose interests must materially suffer were the measure his grace of Atholl seeks to carry , unfortunately for them , to receive the sanction of parliament.—It is obvious how sincere must be the wish , how greatly it would be the interest , of the inhabitants , to stand on fair terms with time noble petitioner : to oppose his wishes must be matter of sincere regret to them , and nothing but the strictest sense of duty could induce the house of Keys , or the people , to give 211 opposition to those wishes.—No interest of a private nature have they , sir , or have I , in opposing the present claim—and I trust we shall hear no more of rumours which have circulated , that the opposition to this measure arises in prejudice , or in motives of a personal nature.—To put the house fully in possession of the present case , it is necessary to call their attention to certain previous transactions now known but to few . Of these transactions , but for particular connexions , and the circumstances that have led my attention to the subject , I should , like others , have remained ignorant.—In 1774 , the present noble claimant entered on the possession of the island.—In 1780 , a petition , appears , to have been presented by him to this house , complaining of injury sustained in consequence of the act by Which this island was vested in his majesty.—It seems to have been the design of the noble petitioner to get back certain objects , unnecessarily , as he maintained , and unintentionally , taken from his family . Of these the value did not , I believe , amount to 300l . a year . But this petition had further objects ; as to the creation of courts independent of the sovereign ( the judges of which his grace sought to have the nomination of himself ) , and many other feudal and manerial regulations . On this petition a bill was founded . Considerable alarm was excited in the island . By the direction of the treasury , references took place to the attorney and solicitor general of the day ; earl Rosslyn , then Mr. Wedderburne , and Mr. Wallace , names high in estimation ; and also to the insular attorney-general , sir Wadsworth Busk ( a man to whose honour , integrity , and ability , all who know him can with me bear witness ) , and to the other crown officers of the island . Their several reports were highly unfavourable to his grace 's then objects , and the bill was laid to rest.—In the following year it re-appeared : again it was referred to the succeeding attorney and solicitor general , Mr. Wallace , and the now chief justice Mansfield : and again the report was unfavourable.—The same bill , however , little to the credit of this house , was suffered to pass to the lords . There the house of Keys opposed it , and on the second reading it was withdrawn . Its fate , sir , I now regret : had it been stripped of its obnoxious clauses as to game , manerial courts , & c. the objects his grace sought of a pecuniary nature might perhaps have met with little 212 opposition : the bill might have passed into a law , and we , probably , have been saved the mortification of witnessing