volunteers . Mr Birch was a man of good character ; he was an excellent citizen , and perhaps as able an orator as the hon . colonel himself . The history of France afforded many instances of men like him rising to military rank from obscurity . What was Moreau himself ? he was once a lawyer , and afterwards a great general . entered into a comparison of the merits of the enlistment for life and the enlistment for limited service . The latter had been tried in thee American war , and had failed . It was again on trial in the additional defence bill , which was said by the hon . colonel to have failed too , and yet he wished the house to go into a committee for the purpose of submitting a plan , which at the same time he asserted had just been unsuccessful . The fact was , there was no disposition in those people who determined to become soldiers , to prefer enlisting for a limited time to enlisting for life ; no good effect was produced by holding out that boon , but the inconveniences attending it were numerous . To the system of inlisting men for limited service in the army of reserve , he had been a warm friend , and he contended that there was no better mode of recruiting the regular army , than first to permit men to enter in that manner for limited service . Of that army which originally consisted of 40,000 only 17,000 remained ; the others had enlisted into the regular army . explained some of the military details , defended the conduct of government , and particularly contended that no unnecessary expences had been incurred by them in the prosecution of their plans . He did not see any necessity for going into a committee on any of the points suggested by the honourable mover . said , that he had laid his mind to the subject of devising what might be the best mode for recruiting the army from the first moment he went into it . The result of all his deliberation was , that no efficacious means could he devised in which force was not in some shape employed . He should be sorry to dwell on the dark side of the subject . But he had not yet seen any country which was not obliged , sooner or 698 later , to have recourse to compulsion . France had adopted that system before the revolution , and there was not a country on the continent in which it was not practised to a greater or lesser extent . How was it to be supposed , then , that in this flourishing country , considering the great competition which manufactures and agriculture presented , our army could be kept up , without at length resorting to a similar expedient ? Enlisting men for a limited period , had already , in some instances , been tried , and had not answered the purpose , nor did he think it ever could . The best means of raising men , was to interest as many as possible in the raising of them . On what other principle was it that the ballot had been found so effectual , but from the circumstance of every person feeling himself interested in the business ? As to the volunteer system , he differed widely in his opinion of it , from the hon . mover ; nor did he think that any officer in the army would feel hurt at seeing officers of volunteers . For his own part , it gave him pleasure to see men active in the service of their country , and exposing themselves to inconvenience without the prospect of any recompence . No other country had ever displayed equal spirit as this country had done in its voluntary exertions ; and he conceived the volunteer system as being at this -moment the sheet anchor of the state . wished to know why because a man in his private capacity was a pastry cook , he