depend whether he should think it necessary to debate the question at greater length . The question was , whether it was intended to ground a bill of indemnity upon the resolution announced by the hon . gent ? thought he had explained his idea , that the house had it in its option to pass a bill of indemnity , if it thought necessary . He himself thought the resolution sufficient ; but if it was the sense of the house , he should have no objection to move for leave to bring in a bill of indemnity , founded upon his proposed resolution . could not agree to the wording of the resolution proposed by the hon . gent . because he could not consent to record the approval of an act , which , however warranted by circumstances , or deserving of indemnity , was a violation of the law . What he should propose then , instead of the resolution moved by his hon . friend , was merely a resolution , that the sum of 40,000l . had been issued by the lords of the treasury , for a purpose which appeared to them , at the time , necessary to avert a great injury to public credit ; and then , upon that ground , without expressing any approbation or censure , to move for leave to bring in a bill of indemnity . liked the resolution as proposed by his hon . friend below him ( Mr. Lascelles ) , but did not think the insertion of the words , `` not to be brought into precedent , '' necessary . He did not think such an event likely again to occur . The advance to the house of Boyd and Co. at the time , he thought was critically and indispensably made ; if it was considered that the house was at that time agent for a loan of four millions to the emperor of Germany , and that it was pledged to pay a dividend of 187,000l . in a few weeks afterwards ; any failure in either of which en- 421 gagements would have been attended with ruin to their house , and very serious consequences to our affairs on the continent . He said also , the testimony given by Mr. Raikes on this subject was only founded on report , and certainly extra official ; and without meaning at all to implicate the veracity of that gentleman 's statement , of a communication made by him to four of the directors , he could state , from authority , that not one of those four gentlemen rememered a word of such communication . thought the difference between the resolutions proposed on both sides of the house so trivial , as to be very easily reconciled , and produce the unanimity so desirable . thought , that in any resolution adopted by the house , two things should be done ; one to characterise the act itself ; the other , to guard against its being in future drawn into precedent . The latter of those would be done by the resolution proposed by the hon . member behind him ( Mr. Lascelles ) , and from the character given in the same resolution , of the act itself , he would not depart an inch . thought it an unfair return for the moderation and candour admitted by gentlemen on the other side to have been exhibited by the hon . mover , and by his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , to force them to seem to approve of what they had not investigated . He thought the resolution of his hon . friend ( Mr Whitbread ) the only thing the house ought to vote at present ; the substance of which was , that the conduct to which he referred being against law , as it was admitted to be , ought not to be drawn into precedent . The house ought not to give any opinion on the expediency of the measure , because , without a great deal of enquiry ,