there resident . Had it not been at a subsequent period suspended , this act alone would have cut up smuggling by the roots . The only boon the Keys asked in return , was the liberty of vending their native produce among their wealthier neighbours . It was refused them.—I am sorry , sir , here to remark the contrast between the then conduct of this little community , and that of the servants of the crown , the wisdom of the insular legislature , in preferring the advantages resulting from regular industry , as a more certain road to prosperity than the specious profit of illicit commerce . A more enlightened policy would have induced the treasury to comply with so reasonable a 227 petition ; to have conferred it as a favour , if not as a right . Conceiving , then , that no alternative remained but to smuggle or starve , in 1713 the insular legislature suspend the former beneficial law ; and probably the smuggler soon resumed his ancient habits.—After the feudal proprietor had once consented to the abolition of illicit traffic , it would ill have become him personally to sanction its renewal . To relieve him , perhaps , from this odium , the plan was adopted of granting a lease of his customs to two strangers . The tempting offer was made of a rent of 1000 guineas ; and the magnificent idea put in practice of resorting to foreign India companies for a supply of teas and other commodities to smuggle on our shores.—Then followed the act , of the 7th Geo . I. inhibiting such importations , except from the mother-country : and within a few years the drawback on goods exported to the island was disallowed.—The lessees ' profits from farming these customs being thus curtailed , they offered to surrender their term . It was accepted . But does it appear that the feudal proprietor claimed indemnity for the diminution of his profits ? A defalcation then probably took place in his income from this source , of 800l . a year , nearly equal to 3000l . at the present day . But we do not find that any complaint was uttered , any allegation made , of wrong done him by parliament in thus abridging his customs . Again , in 1726 , the court of Tynwald pass and proclaim a law , approved by the lord , restraining the exportation of salt . Within five years after occurs a strange measure , indeed , for this puissant monarch of man , possessing powers greater than the sovereign of England . Our king can circulate copper coin by proclamation : but here it appears that the feudal proprietor was obliged to go to the house of Keys , for leave to give currency to a few hundred pounds worth of halfpence.—On the whole , sir , on this head of the subject , I appeal with perfect confidence and perfect security to the evidence collected by this committee themselves , as proving the direct contrary of their assertions.—The last subject , sir , to which I shall entreat the attention of the committee , is that of the revenue under the feudal proprietor . I must hero also begin with entering my protest against treating this object by any means as private property , transferable from hand to hand , or to be made a subject of sale . It is undoubtedly the right of the people ; 228 paid for their benefit ; and not to be considered , at any time , or under any circumstances , as merely a source of profit to an individual.—By the Derby family it was never probably so viewed . Their princely fortune put them above the need of the miserable produce of these duties . The legislature must have intended them as a small aid toward the defraying the expences of civil government , then wholly incumbent on the proprietor 's land-revenue . This his grace retains , liberated from the burthen of civil or military expenditure.—Another circumstance I must notice , as placing this subject