assuming those titles which formerly pointed them out as men who had devoted themselves to the honourable profession of arms , and which were almost the only reward for the services they had rendered to their country ? But are the titles all ? No , sir , the real rank and command annexed to those titles has also been wantonly bestowed upon the officers of the volunteers ; . and if the country was to be invaded to-morrow , every lieutenant-colonel of his majesty 's regular army would be exposed to find himself and his regiment too , placed in a situation equally humiliating to the army and dangerous to the service ; that is to say , in tie situation of being absolutely tinder the command of a colonel of volunteers . Whatever the civil occupation of the latter , and however respectable their station in civil life , and the professions in the exercise of which they employ themselves may be , they can have no right to the titles and powers of military rank ; and perhaps therefore , with respect to the general principle of their unfitness for military command , this can make but little difference : yet I can not help particularising one instance of the manner in which this rank has been bestowed , because it is so ludicrous , as to afford a happy illustration of the absurdity of the system that is acted upon . It is only with this view that I am induced to mention it ; and in doing so I trust that I shall not speak of the individual in question in any way that can be considered as taking an unfair 684 advantage of my situation as a member of parliament . Nothing can be further from my intentions : it is the thing and not the man I wish to hold up to ridicule . From all that I have heard , I believe him to be a worthy good sort of a man , and of an education superior to what people in his situation generally possess : and I can not conceive that he or any decent tradesman can have so little sense as to be ashamed of the appellation that belongs to the trade which he industriously , honestly , and openly exercises in one of the most public streets of the metropolis . But would it be believed , sir , in any country in the world , or can it be heard without indignation in this , that his majesty 's ministers , abusing the well-known devotion of the army to the will of its sovereign , should require of it to hear without a murmur , that an officer , w ho , after 20 or 30 years of military service in all parts of the world , has at length obtained the rank of a lieut . colonel , should , if called our upon actual service in Great Britain , be exposed to the degradation of being commanded by a pastry-cook—a retailer of tarts and cheesecakes ? He may he a roost worthy man ; every body knows that he is an excellent pastry-cook ; and his puffs and patties are as good as it is possible to make ; but is it not too absurd for credibility , that the vender of them should be a colonel ? It is impossible , not to laugh when one thinks of it ; but it is also impossible not to feel indignant at this degradation of the military profession . The pastry-cook may be perfectly justified in accepting the rank ; but what must we think of the government that bestows it ? and how is it possible that the military profession should long he respected , that military honors should be valued , or that the true military spirit should be cherished in a country , where , by the acts of the government itself , the arms ' is thus degraded ? Consider too the immediate and practical consequences that may result from it , if the country was invaded . It is no exaggeration