The Lord Chancellor delivered his opinion at considerable length relative to the appeal cause , Blane , esq . trustee of sir Andrew Cathcart , against the earl of Cassilis . His lordship thought that as to some parts of the property in dispute , the interlocutors of the court of session ought to be affirmed , and with respect to the remainder , that it Ought to be remitted to that court for further consideration . He wished , however , for the sake of more accuracy , that final judgment should be postponed till Friday ; which was agreed to.—On the second reading of Lingham 's Divorce bill , Mr. Parke was heard on the part of the petitioner , and evidence was examined to prove the fact of adultery committed by Mrs. Lingham . The further consideration was postponed till Tuesday.—It was ordered , on the motion of lord Auckland , that an account of the proceedings which have obtained , within a given period , for the improvement of the Chest at Chatham , should be laid before the house.—The order of the day for taking the late message from the commons into consideration , respecting the attendance of the Earl of St. Vincent upon a select committee , being read ; Lord Hawkesbury observed generally , that he conceived the usual practice in such cases was , that the noble lord adverted to in the message should , in his place , rise and state either his willingness or objection to attend , as requested , or , in his absence , appoint some noble lord , to declare for him his dispositions on that head ; under these circumstances , should 34 no noble lord present be empowered to declare the determination of the noble earl in that respect ; he submitted whether it would not be preferable to defer the consideration of the message for a day or two ? The lord chancellor seemed to concur in the propriety of what was suggested by his noble friend , and to think that the usual practice in such cases was , that the peer in question should attend in his place , and make the necessary declaration to the house . The result was , as we could collect , that the further consideration of the message was deferred till to-morrow . called the attention of their lordships to the circumstance of his having moved some time since for , the production of certain West India accounts ; which was then agreed to by the house ; but none of which were yet produced . He wished to know of a noble secretary , whether these accounts were soon likely to be laid upon the table , as he meant to ground some important motion thereon , and the session approximated to its close ? observed , that it was impossible to get the accounts moved for by the noble earl , ready for production within the time . They were of a very voluminous nature , comprising accounts of all the monies drawn for from the West-India Islands for a number of years ; the preparation was certainly going forward , in the proper offices ; but he was unable to tell when they would be ready for presentation . If the noble earl mentioned any particular items , or the accounts of any particular time , on which to found any particular proposition , they might , perhaps , be speedily produced . spoke in explanation , and said , he did not wish for an account of any sum lower than 2,000l . While the noble earl was on his legs , he begged leave to call their lordships ' attention to another case of non-production of accounts . He alluded to that of the proceeds of old naval stores , and their application . The motion he alluded to was at least a year and a half ago ; and no corresponding account had been since produced . These proceeds must be very considerable , when it was considered , that in some years not less than two millions were