and the island of contending against still more extraordinary measures which have followed it ; the last of which we are now considering.—In 1783 a petition , pointing in nearly the same terms at the same objects , again appears on your journals : but I do not observe that any further steps were taken upon it.—Now , in these three several applications made to this house , what distinctly appears to have been the object sought by his grace ? To explain and amend that very act , of the operation and effects of which he is still complaining : to raise objections to and seek relief against injurious consequences resulting , as he asserts , from that measure . — And what says his grace of inadequacy of compensation ? of the incompetence of parliament to legislate for his island ? of force or threats used to compel the proprietors to part with it ? Was the inalienability of this property then urged as a foundation for any claim , or for the revision of the transaction ? On these topics not one word is said.—Recollect , sir , his grace had been six years in peaceable possession of this fair domain ; that he had attained the age of from five to eight and twenty ; that he had , apparently , most diligently looked into his titles , and obtained the most accurate information and advice . Can it then be endured that he shall at this day contend he is dissatisfied with the price , or the mode on which his family parted with the property ? The objects he now seeks might then more reasonably have been urged , and would have been urged , had his grace conceived any such claims to have existed . I do not accuse the noble duke of putting forward this bill of 1780 , as a prelude to others ; that he meant to employ it as a step-ladder to his other claims . I do not impute to him such disingenuousness . No , sir , I affirm that his grace must have been , as he now ought to be , well content with a compact so beneficial to his family and himself , however he might complain of incidental stipulations in it.—But I am not left to inference and conjecture as to his grace 's then sentiments on the bargain made in 1765 . I have the best authority on that subject to produce , namely that of his grace himself . If I am to blame for he opinion I form , the noble duke has been the person to mislead me . Here is his bill . He states , `` that the so- 213 vereignty , ports , and commerce were no otherwise required to be revested in the crown than as they interfered with revenue ; and , considering the liberality with Which the said treaty was conducted , it was meant the reservations should be full secured to his family . '' Now , can it be possible that he who uses these words can pretend he was dissatisfied , that the bargain was void or compulsive , or even harsh ! These transactions occupy three years : can it be supposed that the opinion here avowed was lightly held or inconsiderately expressed ! No , sir , I rely on it as incontestable proof , that there was no opinion then entertained by him or his family , that the bargain was other than beneficial.—In 1790 , I do admit , that opinion appears changed . Twenty-five years after the transaction are disclosed the first symptoms of discontent on the part of the noble duke ; for that period of time he and his family had been in the enjoyment of those advantages which the compact with government secured to them . Then it first occurred to him to advance a claim of addition to that price , which appears to others not merely adequate but most liberal.—To account for this change of sentiment is not difficult . Between the first petition in 1780 , and that of