of the exchequer from attending the day before yesterday still existed , and that was indisposition . said , the only question was , whether five ships , belonging to foreigners , should be received without paying alien duties , and it was ridiculous to suppose the house could not determine such a point without the presence of the chancellor of the exchequer . said , they had lately heard talk of jobs in that house ; this clause would , he believed , turn out a job to deprive the revenue of a 21,000l . and upwards , and it would give a preference to foreign ships , built at less expence , victualled at less expence , and subject to no insurance , over those of our own country . thought the bill of the highest importance , and that it should be postponed in order to have the benefit of the great talents of the right hon . gent . now absent . said , that so near as they were to the close of the session , a full attendance was a most desirable thing , in all matters of importance . As he did not think there would be a fuller attendance than the present , if there was no other objection than the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer , he saw no reason for deferring it . said a few words in favour , of postponement ; when the question being called for ; a division took place . Ayes , 38 ; noes , 29 ; majority , 9 . The further consideration was of course postponed till to-morrow.—Adjourned . protested against the house being called on , at this late period of the session , within the last few days of its continuance , to go into a discussion of so much importance , for which it was morally impossible their lordships could be prepared , considering the large mass of papers they had to wade through , and the large volume of evidence they had to examine , as well as the papers for which he had the honour of moving this day , and which were absolutely necessary for the information of the house , preparatory to the discussion of a subject so important . It was contrary to every principle of propriety and justice , to call upon the house to go into such a discussion , and decide upon a question of so much magnitude , without reading one iota of that mass of documents , or being prepared to refer to any of their contents , from which noble lords , who supported this bill , had so copiously spoken . For the sake of the house of lords , its character , and dignity , he deprecated a proceeding that much cast a stigma on its wisdom . A noble earl ( Westmoreland ) had said , that those documents were familiar to every noble lord who had been called to his majesty 's councils ; this , however , was not his case , he had been long anxious for information on this subject , and long awaited it in vain . He had heard this night many imputations of injustice against the government of this country , on the ground of concluding this bargain . He had even heard the word 'robbery ' applied to it in the course of debate ; but such language he could not pass without reprobation . Noble lords had talked of the sovereigns of the Isle of Man , which he denied them to be ; the parliament of this country had frequently legislated for the island , and in the year 1748 , it 782 was the decided opinion of the government of this country , and many of the ablest men of that day , that the sovereignty of that island vested in the crown of England , though the feudal right might be in the lords of the island , who were the family of the Stanley 's , and words could not be clearer than those in the grant of James I