to the holders of that island— '' to hold of us , our heirs and successors . '' No legal man could have a doubt upon the subject : It was the opinion of Mr. Grenville , and several of his most eminent contemporaries ; and when the bargain was made in 1765 , it was done on the part of the duke of Atholl , in the contemplation that the restriction made by the English revenue laws would materially reduce the revenues of the island . The surrender , therefore , for the price obtained , was not considered as a measure of cruelty or injustice on the part of the British government ; it was a bargain deliberately negociated by Mr. Grenville , through the medium of lord mansfield , who was the attached friend of the Atholl family , and who took a very principal share in the negociation . Through that noble and learned lord it was , that the duke of Atholl received the intimation that government did not think 70,000l . too great a price at the time , and it was accepted , and considered as a full , liberal , and adequate sum ; and it there was any error in the bargain , it was an error on the side of liberality ; for there was on ground to hope , that the house of keys would ever have consented to raise the revenues of the island . Besides , out of those revenues were to be deduced the military establishment of the island , so that it was not a net but a gross revenue the noble duke was selling ; and with respect to the pension of 2,000l . a year , granted to lady Atholl , upon the Irish establishment , he had personal opportunities of knowing , and could , if necessary , produce documents to prove , that it had nothing whatever to do with any idea of further compensation , but was recommended by Mr. Grenville merely as an act of royal munificence . But would the house reflect for one moment , what would be the consequence of this bill passing into a law ? The consequence would be , that the compensation to be paid to the duke of Atholl was required to be in proportion to the increased revenues of the country , a proportion not to be ascertained upon any examination or inquiry , but upon the mere certificate of the collector of the island ; not upon oath , but at mere discretion , wholly uncontrouled ; and this certificate , so to be issued , was to become a mandatory warrant to the lords of the treasury , for issuing the proportionate 783 sum to the duke of Atholl . In addition to the other proofs how unfounded were those claims on the part of the noble duke was , that no law officers of the crown , from 1781 to the present moment , ever reported in their favour . The noble marquis , having argued at considerable length against the measure , concluded by expressing his most cordial approbation of the conduct of a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) , with whom , though he had not been in the habit of agreeing on political subjects , yet he must acknowledge the street purity and integrity of his conduct in respect to this claim , which had been put down under his administration , and he now trusted to sleep for ever . contended that the bargain was a compulsive one , and that the contracting parties had not started from the same place , and consequently could not have stood on the same grounds . The question was between a mighty empire , and an individual , and it was becoming the legislature to revise and rescind its former if the compensation under it was , as he maintained it was , inadequate for the rights purchased . It had been said that the house had no information before it to warrant the passing of the bill . But had not the other house of parliament