any beneficed person should seem to demand it . It was painful to him to particularize the circumstances on which he founded his motion for these observations , but it was but too true , that in the county in which he resided , bills of indictment had been preferred against three clergymen , within a short space of time , in the same year , for attempts to commit offences at which human nature revolts . It was to empower the bishop to appoint a curate when such charges came to the length of an indictment , that he wished to see a clause introduced in to this or some other bill ; and he wished rather that it should 44 be thus collaterally introduced , than make it the subject of a bill in itself . was against the bill . He thought it would diminish the value of livings , and it was therefore a direct violation of property . Another objection to it with him was , that it very much increased the power of the bishops . It had been said there was no danger with them of that being abused . Ha had as high and respectful an opinion of the bishops of this country as any man could have , and believed them to be very good men , and highly honourable characters . He should , however , vote against the speaker leaving the chair . said he highly approved the bill , though there were some parts of it which he hoped to see improved in the committee . denied the principle contended for by the noble lord , and the other opposers of the bill , that the property of a beneficed clergyman in his living was of the same nature as his landed estate . Such , indeed , Was the property of the advowson , but such was the jealousy of the law on this point , that for the patron to sell the next presentation to that advowson , would be a simoniacal bargain . The living , on the contrary , was to be considered rather as a freehold tenure held upon certain conditions of service ; but he should like to know where was the injustice or the tyranny in obliging a man to pay another for the performance of that service which he did not choose to perform himself , and upon the condition of which he held the tenure . The tenure of a clergyman in his living was also held upon the indispensable condition of rendering services inseparably connected with the religion , the morality , and the loyalty of the country . To whom must the country look for the support of loyalty amongst the people , but to the resident clergymen of the established church , who , by their own doctrine and example , have at all times so eminently promoted the cause of loyalty amongst their parishioners ? A bill had been recently passed by the house , enforcing the residence of the clergy under the direction of the bishops , to whom it gave extensive powers ; which powers this bill restricted rather than enlarged ; for it only authorized the bishops to assign one-fifth of the income of the living , where it exceeded 400l . a year , to the maintenance of a curate to do the duty of a clergyman who did not chuse to do it 45 himself , or provide any other resident clergyman to do it . Now , what portion of the whole mass of the beneficed clergy in England would this go to affect ? Why , not a fortieth part : for a great number of the beneficed clergy already stood excused from residence on account of deaneries , chaplaincies , fellowships , and other duties elsewhere.—The question being called for , a division took place ; ayes 57 ; noes 23 ; majority 34.—The house having resolved itself into the committee , a conversation took place on the clause respecting the allowance to be made to curates , and Mr. Creevey submitted a proposition to alter the