, in failure , that he should return to the house prepared to retreat them . It would be recollected that the year 1800 was a year of peculiar difficulties . We had an internal visitation of scarcity , which was not only a cause of general distress , but had the effect of enhancing , the public expences connected with the feeding of our fleets and armies in a very great degree indeed . In that year also , towards the close of it , we were menaced with a confederacy of the Northern Powers , who had assumed the character of hostility to us on points essential to the honour and safety of our empire . Great exertions became necessary in consequence , for the equipment of our fleet ; and the services of the noble lord , then at the head of the marine department ( earl Spencer ) on the occasion , would ever be remembered with gratitude . The consequence , however , was great difficulty , and a great increase of cost in most articles of naval stores . The increase in cost was not less than from 40 to 80 per cent . This expence did not go on as the hon . and learned gent . supposed , from March 1800 to May 1802 . For the latter part of this period , he was not responsible , but he was willing to take the responsibility upon him . The hon . and learned gent . had fallen into a mistake on this point ; and from the manner in which the report adverted to it , there was reason to think the commissioners themselves had made similar mistake . The issues the lion , and learned gent . noticed so particularly , began in Oct. 1800 , and ended in March 1801 . They ended as soon as the loan for that year afforded means of making arrangements for the payment of them . The other issue began in Sept. 1801 ; the difficulties continued to the spring of 1802 ; The preliminaries of the peace . had been negotiated in the early part of this period , but the definitive treaty was not concluded till near the end of it . No loan could be made while the price of stocks fluctuated in the uncertainty between the two periods , so as to leave no room for a , satisfactory bargain . As soon as the loan afforded the means of an arrangement , it was made , and the issue had not been since recurred to . He thought it right , even in the present stage of the business , to offer this explanation . He wished for the enquiry , and he was sure it would be proved 67 by the accounts the committee would have to refer to , that the conduct so much complained of , was not deserving of censure . As to the ninety day bills , that could not be thought a subject for grave enquiry . Perhaps the difference between eighty-nine and ninety days was allowed for in the bargain ; or the contractors might have thought it so little , being , only 3½d . in 100l . as not to he worth attending to . Even Mr. Goldsmid , whom he mentioned with respect , accustomed as he was to calculations of this kind , had suffered this difference to pass without notice . It was therefore not to be wondered that it escaped the navy board ; and it was hardly to have been . expected that the house of commons would look to it with a microscopic eye . The thing had been , besides , corrected before the committee of enquiry had been instituted . With respect to the secret service , he should not enter into it much . No disclosure could be made , consistently with a regard to what was due to the public and that good faith due to the merits of the individual principally concerned ; but he did not hesitate to say he was satisfied the committee would find it