proposition will then stand upon grounds far stronger than any arguments that I can adduce , namely , upon the united authorities of those two distinguished members on this side , who formerly made similar motions , and of the right hon . gent . who has so great an influence on the other side of the house . My anxious desire to succeed in my present motion , will therefore induce me to go into some details ( I hope not very tedious ones ) in order to shew that the present state of the army , as compared with the situation of the country , and the circumstances of the war , renders the interference of the wisdom of parliament , for the purpose of improving our military system , far more necessary now , than it was at the time when that rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) so strenuously supported the motion of the hon . gent . below me ( Mr . Fox . ) In order to shew that the rt . hon . gent . is bound to give me at least an equal degree of support on the present occasion , it is necessary that I should enter into an examination of the changes that have in the mean time taken place in the general relative situation of the contending powers : And in pursuing this enquiry , it will be natural for me to make some remarks upon those parts of the right hon . gent . 's administration which are connected with , or have tended to produce these changes ; beginning 653 with that class of his measures which has had the effect of adding to the physical force and active hostility of the enemy , and then proceeding to those , if any , by which he has encreased our own means of effective or defensive war . The object and the result of this investigation will be to prove that the situation of the country is more dangerous and critical now , than it was at that time when the right hon . gent . voted and spoke in support of a motion for a committee of the whole house to enquire into the state and adequacy of our military force . In making out this case , I shall as much as possible abstain from all disputable assertions and vague conjectures of what may be the precise nature of the enemy 's designs , chiefly confining myself to incontrovertible statements of his augmented means of giving effect to a system of general and active hostility : and from this statement it will appear that cur situation is infinitely worse than it was twelve months ago , both in consequence of the very disproportionate encrease which has taken place in the forces of the contending powers , and also in consequence of the distribution and use which has been made of these forces on either side . The house will probably anticipate me in stating that the first great object to be adverted to in this comparison , is , the war with Spain . Respecting the justice of it , I shall say nothing , as that would be , in a great measure , foreign to my argument ; but it is perfectly relevant , and closely connected with my present purpose , to say a few words respecting its policy or expediency , and the consequences which it has produced . For if the consequence of it has been that the enemy 's strength has , within the last year , been augmented in a far greater proportion than ours , then it must naturally follow that our military force is , in a greater degree , inadequate to the general purposes of -the contest in which we are engaged than it was last year ; and consequently that a parliamentary enquiry into the causes of that inadequacy and the means of correcting it is more necessary now than it was then . This must be equally admitted to he the fact , even if it should be contended that