proceeding , would be grounded on a strict regard to justice . He trusted , that his general conduct , that the important obligations imposed upon him by his rank , character , and situation , afforded a sufficient pledge , that his mind could be influenced by no other motive . With regard to the question now before the house , he was far from feeling the difficulties which presented themselves to the mind of his noble 188 and learned friend . The ends of `` substantial justice '' required , that the former evidence should be communicated to both parties , unless some positive regulation of the house prevented it : but so far was this from being the case , that their lordships had already ordered copies of the petition , and charges against Mr. justice Fox , to be delivered to him . Surely , if it was right to furnish him with written papers , there could be no impropriety in giving him such as were printed . If , however , their lordships thought right to confine themselves so strictly to analogy , the minutes of the evidence might be communicated to Mr. justice Fox in writing . But as to the question of furnishing papers , printed for the use of their lordships , to other persons , that he considered to be fully decided by the usage of the house . For several years he had been in the daily habit of receiving printed communications from the house . During the trial of Mr. Hastings , he received every day , a printed copy of the evidence , which was printed for the use of the house only . This communication was absolutely necessary , to enable the counsel to manage that important trial ; and it was with the perfect knowledge of the house that they possessed it . He was seen with it at the bar , and it frequently was his duty to comment upon it . There were , therefore , two precedents in point , in the present case , in which their lordships had furnished a person accused with written communications ; another , in which printed copies of evidence had been delivered to the accused party . No reasonable apprehension could be entertained of any proceeding of their lordships ' house having an influence on the conduct of the courts below ; the practice of these courts was guided by rules which long prescription had established . But their lordships must recollect , that they were now placed in a situation so anomalous , that no example , drawn from the practice of courts of law , could be expected to apply to it . It had been the lot of their lordships , in the course of the proceedings on this important case , to sustain very different characters . One character , at the commencement of the proceedings , had been assumed from the most honourable of motives ; and if blame was imputable in that stage of the business , he was proud to take his share of it . Their lordships were of opinion , that an accusation against a person , whose rank 189 and character were so truly respectable as that of the learned judge , ought not to be entertained without much delicacy . It was not unnatural to suppose that future accusations might possibly be made by persons whose talents and judgment might have less weight with the house , and who could not claim the attention which was due to the noble marquis . It was , therefore , anxiously wished to protect , by a previous enquiry , persons in the situation of the learned judge , from vexatious proceedings , instituted on frivolous charges . With all the imperfections that belonged to that previous proceeding , it had still the advantage of establishing one useful precedent.—It demonstrated their lordships ' determination to prevent any judge from being lightly accused . If this was an error , it was an honourable error , and one which originated in the best of motives . Their lordships