, he begged leave to set the noble lord right . He had not declared any hostility to that principle . There were many cases , on the contrary , when employing merchants ' yards might be very expedient . His objection was only to the degree ; and that , considering the expence with which that mode of building ships was attended , was a sufficient subject of grave investigation . A committee of enquiry was also necessary , he contended , in regard to a noble lord ( St. Vincent ) who had been implicated in another place , and represented by some as an enemy to his country . One great end of his motion therefore was , to ascertain whether that noble lord was meritorious or guilty . This enquiry was due in justice to the noble lord ; it was due to the British navy and to the nation , and in opposition to such claims he had yet heard nothing that could lead him to alter his opinion.—The house then divided ; contents 33 ; not contents , 88 ; majority against the motion 55.—Adjourned . gave notice , that on Friday next he should move , that there be laid before the house a copy of the proceedings of the court-martial on sir John Duckworth.—Mr . Tierney moved , that the committee . on the Camberwell Water Works bill do sit again on Wednesday next , and proceed with , the bill . The . ground of his motion was , that the com- 111 mittee had adjourned for such a time as would render it impossible to have the bill reported this session , by which a bill that had received the sanction of the house , as far as it had gone , would be lost . Mr. Graham did not think it consistent with the usual form of proceeding , for any member to move for the revival of a committee that had adjourned for a certain time . The Speaker informed the hon . member , that it was conformable to the practice of the house , whenever any committee to which it might have referred any bill for consideration , took any proceedings that would have the effect of disappointing the wishes of the house , to direct that such committee should proceed with the bill , and report aye or no upon it . The motion was then agreed to.—Mr . Shaw brought up the report of the committee on the petition of the Dublin bakers , and obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the acts for regulating the baking trade in Dublin.— On the motion of sir John Newport , the account of the expences of the criminal prosecutions in Ireland , ordered on the 1st of April , was ordered to be presented forthwith.—The Secretary at War moved the order of the day to ballot for a select committee of 21 members , to examine into , and report their opinion on , the 11th report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , except what related to the sum of 100,000l . secret service money ; which being agreed to , one of the clerks , as usual on such occasions , read over the list of the members of the house , when all those who were present , and thought proper to do so , gave in a list of 21 members each ; when this was over , another committee , composed of Mr. Huskisson , Mr. S. Bourne , the Attorney-General , Mr. Ormsby , Mr. Lubbock , Mr. D. Browne , lord Fitzharris , Mr . I. H. Browne , Mr. Prinsep , Dr. Duigenan , sir M. B. Folkes , sir E Nepean , and others , was appointed to examine the said list , and report such members as had the superiority of numbers.—Mr . Huskisson brought up the Post Horse Duty Farming bill , which was read a first tune.—The Public Accounts Auditors ' bill was read a second time . —A new writ was ordered , on the motion of Mr. Calcraft ,