1st of January , 1804 , the whole infantry of the regular army , amounted to 119,523 men ( including the recruits at the army depot who were omitted in the said return ) and that of this number 12,900 or thereabouts consisted of foreign corps ; so that the British infantry at that time amounted to 106,623 men . '—'That on the 1st of June , 1805 , the whole infantry of the regular army amounted to 137,213 , including about 673 20,178 belonging to foreign corns ( of whom 5,401 consisted of Ceylon Native troops . ) That the whole amount of British infantry at that time was therefore 117,035 , being 10,402 more than on the 1st of January , 1804 But , as in this increase are included 8,963 men enlisted from the militia , it appears that the whole increase of British infantry arising from any means that can be considered as permanent , has not exceeded 1,439 man in 17 months ; which is at the rate of 1015 men , or about one 36th part of the present deficiency , in 12 months . `` — This , sir , is an accurate statement of the present situation of our army . A right hon . gent . ( the secretary at war ) may shake his head , as I perceive he does ; but I defy him to prove the smallest inaccuracy in any part of my statement , unless indeed he shall again acknowledge that the returns which he has presented are not correct . If the returns are correct , my statements are so likewise ; this can be examined into in the committee , and there I defy that hon . gent . to point out the most trifling circumstance , or a single figure in which my resolutions are not supported by the documents on the table : —at all events what I now propose are mere resolutions , which as we know from recent experience , it would he easy to rescind.—In the mean time , I will pledge myself to prove from the papers on the table , that in that part of the public force which it is most essential to keep on a high footing , the infantry I mean , the increase in 12 months has nor exceeded one 36th part of the deficiency ; and that even the increase consists chiefly , it nor entirely , of an augmentation of the number of officers , occasioned by the formation of new battalions , of which I shall speak hereafter . So that as far as relates to the operations of any permanent source of supply , it has absolutely stood still ; I say permanent , for the recruiting from the militia , though I greatly approve , and have frequently urged the having recourse to it , is one which his majesty 's ministers , unless they abandon the principles on which they carried that measure into effect , can not consider as a permanent resource ; and it is in itself no real augmentation of our military force . The number of men actually raised by all the other various modes of recruiting the regular infantry , whether for general cr limited service , has barely kept pace with the casualties ; and that too , let it be observed , during a period which , excepting in the East Indies , has been a period rather of a preparation for war , than of actual war . The army has enjoyed all the general advantages of a state 674 of war for recruiting ; all the benefit too , if there be any , of all the measures which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) and his colleagues have been able to devise ; and , excepting the East Indies , it has suffered none of thole losses which we must look to in the continuation of the contest ; and yet , taking the cavalry and infantry jointly , the excess of the recruits over the casualties , even including the great encrease