of officers , has been only one-11th part of the deficiency ; and . the infantry , which wants near 40,000 men of its compliment , has absolutely stood still . But if this has been the case in the last 17 months , a period so barren of military events , is it not probable , nay , is it not certain , that in the progress of the war ( which can not continue to be quite so quiet ) the army will progressively decline , in proportion as the exigencies of the war encrease ? Must not this be the natural consequence of our continuing to place our reliance on measures , so futile as those which his majesty 's ministers have hitherto had recourse to ? Upon these grounds it is , sir , that after exhibiting as I have done in the former resolutions , the discouraging results of the returns upon tire table , I shall proceed to propose the following resolutions , namely . `` That , considering the small progress made towards compleating the army during a period , excepting in the East Indies , very link loss has been sustained in consequence of military operations ; and , considering the nature of the contest in which we are engaged , this house is of opinion , that it is necessary to have recourse to some more efficacious system , for the supply . of the army , than that which has been hitherto pursued . '' And `` That , as it does not appear that his majesty 's ministers have any intention of proposing any new measure with a view to the furthering of the recruiting service , or to the improvement of our military system , this house do therefore resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , in order to deliberate upon those highly important subjects . `` —Now , sir , I am really at a loss to know upon what grounds it is that the right hon . gent . and his friends who voted with him for a similar enquiry last year , can resist it now . The plea then was , that our military force , particularly the army , was inadequate to the exigencies of the war , and that the system of the late administration afforded no prospect of augmenting it . The exigencies of the war have , since that tine , increased in a very alarming degree , whilst all the right hen , gentleman 's beasted plans and projects 675 for the augmentation of the army have utterly and entirely failed.—Both the amount and distribution of the enemy 's forces are much more menacing now than they were last year . Abroad , our most valuable possessions , which last year were in a state of security , are now confessedly exposed to imminent danger : at home , the enemy 's means of offence have powerfully increased , whilst our means of defence , so far from keeping pace with him , have positively diminished . Last year the enemy 's naval force , in the number of ships of the line , was to ours only as two to three ; the numbers now are nearly , if not quite equal . Our military force at home , which last year was thought barely sufficient for defence against the lesser danger , is now not only proportionably ; smaller , ( with reference , I mean , to the great increase of the enemy 's means ) , but it is actually and positively diminished : it is threatened , too , with a still further reduction , by the large detachments which are now and long have been embarked at Cork , and are apparently kept in readiness to sail for the support or recovery of our colonies , where there is every appearance of the commencement of operations , which , if they should continue , would ( as we know from experience ) prove a dreadful drain to the flower of our army , whatever , in other respects , their