the combined Toulon and Cadiz fleet , of 18 sail of the line , and 5 frigates , carried out 8 or 9000 men ; and that the second Rochefort squadron , of 3 sail of the line , besides frigates , had 1500 men on board . Thus it appears , that , exclusive of what may have gone out in single ships , and small detachments that may have escaped without notice , the enemy has within the last six months probably detached about 13,000 men to foreign stations ; whilst the increase of our forces abroad since the 1st of Jan. 1804 , after deducting the trash of Ceylonese native troops , amounts to 14,868 . But , will any man pretend to say , that our foreign settlements are as secure as they were last year ? Is there any man in this house or in the country who thinks so ? I believe not ; but if there was one , who , considering merely the apparent numerical addition to ours and the enemy 's troops serving abroad generally , should be inclined to infer from thence that the danger to our foreign possessions has not increased , I should think that a very little inquiry into the details , a very little attention to the nature and distribution of the respective reinforcements would suffice to prevent his coming to so erroneous a conclusion . Of the nature and distribution of cars I can speak . with certainty : what has become of the greater part of those which the enemy has detached , God only knows ; his majesty 's ministers I believe are as ignorant upon that subject as myself ; but I am sure that I am not singular in presuming that , when they do turn up , they will he found to have been disposed of in a manner which affords them a chance of acting with effect against possessions of great importance ; whilst a very considerable proportion of ours ( of our reinforcements I mean ) are of such a sort or so distributed as to afford no hope of their being found within reach of counteracting the designs of the enemy . One part of them consists of troops locked up for mere defensive purposes , in places which , but for the Spanish war , would not have been exposed to attack , and which , therefore , are certainly not more secure now than they were before ; so that the troops sent to them can not be said to have added any thing to that degree of strength ( whatever it was ) that we enjoyed last year . Another part consists of an augmentation of local troops in remote settlements , which certainly are not at present in the contemplation of the enemy ; and a third part , of troops sent on an expedition , by which they are placed in a situation where there appears little chance of their effecting any important of- 663 fensive operation , and where they are certainly lost as to any purpose of preventing the blow which the enemy may he supposed to have in contemplation ; for , although we know not where that blow willbe aimed , yet we are very sure it will not be in the Mediterranean.—Of the first description , is an addition of the 1,639 men to the garrison of Gibraltar ; for , will any man pretend to say , that , with this addition , that fortress is more secure , or as much so now , as it was before the Spanish war ? certainly not . Gibraltar , with a garrison of 3,500 , whilst we were at peace with Spain , was as secure as it is with 5000 , now that we are at war with that poster ; that is to say , it was as secure last year as it is at present ; and the 1,639 men lately sent thither must therefore he put out of the account , in comparing the different degrees of danger or security of our foreign