for the purpose of postponing the third reading to this day . fortnight , when gentlemen might be better prepared to understand it . To this , Mr. M'Naghten objected , that in the course of a fortnight many Irish members would have occasion to return home ; and , after some desultory conversation , the house divided on sir G. Hill 's amendment ; for it 29 ; against , it 27 ; majority 2 . The bill was then ordered to be read a third time this day fortnight . rose to bring forward his promised motion , for an account of the secret service money disbursed by the Irish government , from the year 1793 to the present time . He thought the subject one to which it was highly necessary to call the attention of parliament , as a head of public expenditure , under which there had been no investigation whatever for the last seven or eight years . The disbursement of money by the government of this country , under a similar head , had for a long series of years eluded enquiry : though frequently , proposed , it was often rejected , like many other salutary objects , until at length the perseverance of the house of commons prevailed , and the secret service money 37 was reduced to public investigation , so far , at least , as it was admissible for a minister to disclose the objects of its application . Rumour had very strongly stated , that within the last few years very large sums of the public money had been disbursed under this head , though by an act of parliament , the sum of secret service money was limited to 5,000l . annually , except in cases for the purposes of suppressing insurrection or rebellion ; but when it was known that the pension list of Ireland had doubled , and now amounted to 120,000l . it was high time for parliament to do its duty , by examining into the branch of expenditure to which he alluded . The pension act , by the 9th and 10th section , provided that no more than 5,000l . per annum should be granted by the crown upon that establishment , until the pension list was reduced below a limited sum ; but there was no guard against the grants of the lord-lieutenant . The union was a measure which would , no doubt , hereafter lead to many great and important purposes , when the minds of the people should be awakened to its advantages . He did not deny , that the object of his motion was , to make disclosures , which , to some persons , might not be altogether agreeable . It had not been concealed , that a vast sum of money was paid , for the purpose of bringing about the union , which was held out as a measure calculated to produce the most important and beneficial consequences , which , he was sorry to say , were not yet very likely to result from it . Ever since the year 1793 , it was notorious that no account Was given to parliament of the disbursements for secret services ; and he was sorry a noble lord who had been called upon to refute them was not in his place to wipe off the reproach from himself— [ a general laugh , lord Castlereagh being in his seat ] . He begged the noble lord 's pardon , and hoped he would avail himself of being present to clear himself . He hoped that the house would now pay more attention than formerly to the disbursements of Ireland , as the English members were aware , that our country had to defray two-seventeenths of the expences . The expences of some , though not all , of the proportions in Ireland , were now before the house , amounting to the sum of 110,000l . and his motion would be for a secret committee to enquire into that expenditure . On looking into the journals , he found a precedent for