made sufficient inquiries on the subject , and sent up the bill to them founded on their examinations , which must have appeared to them fully sufficient to justify it ? On these grounds he should vote for the measure . said , if he had not considered it material to the reputation and dignity of that house , to have a subject of this nature explained , he should have declined addressing their lordships on this occasion ; but feeling , as he did , this necessity , he should desert his duty to the house , and to the community , it he did not state his sentiments , and protest against the claims of the noble duke , as inconsistent with justice to the country at large . The noble lord who spoke last , seemed to consider as a ground for the immediate proceeding of that house , the deliberation with which the enquiry had been conducted in another place . He ( lord Sidmouth ) , had brought with him from that place as much respect as any man could entertain for its wisdom and for its integrity , but he could not admit that , because this perseverance had been employed elsewhere , a motive was supplied for neglect and precipitation here ; he should rather have supposed that diligent and laborious investigation in the one place , was a reason for exerting the same unremitting industry in the other . The only way in which noble lords 784 could act , so as to preserve their own Character , was to examine gravely for themselves ; such had been the excellent example presented to their observation , and yet it was now expected that three months revision of the subject in the house of commons , should be succeeded by the attention of scarcely as many days for the acquisition of their lordships ' concurrence . Was it decent that the sanction so required , should be thus hastily conceded ? Much importance had been attached to the information now obtained : but it was absurd to consider it of any consequence if a determination were to be formed , without having recourse to those documents on which alone it ought to be founded . So singular was the acceleration attempted in this affair , that the royal assent was to be given before the proper materials could be supplied from the activity of the press . Perhaps he ( lord Sidmouth ) from his situation , was not wholly unapprised of what was expedient for the formation of his own judgment ; but to those who were not members of the privy council , the same opportunities of information could not have been afforded , He entered most cordially into all the sensibilities of the noble family of the Atholl 's , but he had a duty to discharge to the public , which was paramount to every private consideration , and which no partial inclinations should induce him at any time , or under any circumstance , to surrender . What were the facts of this case ? When the duke had failed in his application to parliament , he applied to his majesty in the form of a memorial , imploring his royal recommendation for the projection of his rights . To enquire into the object of the prayer , it was referred by his sovereign to the privy council , and after the due attention that had been paid to it , the question was submitted to the attorney and solicitor general , who drew up their determination in the form of a report , Although these persons were fully competent to the charge assigned them , their decision was opposed to the pretensions of the noble duke . Subsequent to this , the privy council being anxious to give the means of stating the subject more comprehensively , another memorial was proposed , the investigation was renewed ; and after a general and prolix discussion , it was again resolved , that there were no grounds whatever for deeming the compensation made to the family inadequate . In