before this , as another branch of the legislature.—But were I to couple the charge his grace makes of hurry and precipitance at one time , with the admission he makes of perfect liberality at another , this charge might be converted into an argument for defalcation , instead of increase of the price he has received.—On the next head , of inalienability , and some supposed defective formalities ; as I have not received a legal education , it would ill become me to say a word . The house may probably hear from those who have had that advantage , opinions little according with his grace 's . I have , indeed , been informed , that besides the sovereignty alienated to the crown , the family have , from time to time , parted with tithes , and other heads of property . These titles are held perfectly safe , and never have been assailed by the duke of Atholl.—But exercising only one 's common sense on this allegation , how perfectly irreconcileable it is with the present attempt ! his grace of Atholl asks more money . Why ? because what he brings to market can not be sold ; because he can take no price for it ; because it must be his and his family 's property to the end of time . Excellent reasons these for restoring , but the worst possible for further compensating . It is a claim that money can not satisly.—But did he come to parliament on his first , second , or third application , with this allegation ? Had he so done , it might have afforded fit matter for examination . This is neither the place , nor the time for fresh investigations . I am convinced , indeed , it is not wished we should look into them . This and the former allegation are merely thrown out as help to amuse those who do not examine minutely.—They have no bearing whatever on the question of further compensation.—On the next head of the alledged incompetency of parliament to legislate for the Isle of Man , I shall not presume to offer any opinion of my own , armed as I am by the attorney and solicitor general of England with the opinions of lord Coke , and Mr. justice Blackstone ; I can not but agree with them in thinking it a question on which no doubt can be entertained . By lord Coke it has been held that by special name an act of parliament `` may extend to the Isle of Man ; '' and sir W. Blackstone 219 adds , `` that this right has not rested in theory , but has been frequently acted on in parliament . '' To the instances cited by the attorney and solicitor-general , I beg leave , however , to add another , even somewhat prior in time , to any adduced by them : this is the 33d Henry VIII . called `` The bill for Cross-Bows and Hand-Guns ; '' which imposes penalties on the use of weapons of certain descriptions . Amongst other places the Isles of Wight and Man are exempted ; provided these weapons are not used against deer , and other enumerated animals.—If so used , the penalties clearly attached : here therefore , distinctly appears an act of interior domestic legislation for the Isle of Man.—The 5th of Elizabeth , c. 5th , affords an instance of the exercise of the very power repeated in that act of the 5th of the king , chap . 39 , which the duke of Atholl and his committee affect to term the mischiefact.—French wines are forbidden to be imported into the realm of England , or any part of the same , except in English vessels : two exceptions are admitted ; of Rochelle wines into Wales ; into the Isle of Man , of 100 ton of French wines at the most . For the queen 's duties on these excepted wines , express provision is made.—It is evident that the Isle of Man , and Wales , are