voted , for the service of the navy , and the great wear and tear which must take place among our blockading squadrons . After some further observations , his lordship moved , for 35 the production of those accounts , from the 1st of December , 1804 , to the 1st of December , 1805. observed , that , on account of the time stated in the motion , it was evidently impossible it could be complied with . The motion afterwards was allowed to be withdrawn for the purpose of its being new-modelled by the noble earl . The order of the day being moved , for their lordships going into a committee , upon the motions alledged in charge against the above judicial character ; observed , that he thought the most proper and regular course of proceeding in the case , as it had stood before their lordships , was , that an address should be moved to his majesty on the occasion , embodying in such motion or address , a statement of the facts upon which the charge , giving rise to the address , was founded ; and then to refers the consideration of the whole to a committee of the house , for the purpose of affording a regular opportunity of proving at the bar , the allegations stated in the address . This line of proceeding would , he thought , best square with the act of settlement ; and , upon this ground , he should beg leave to suggest to his noble friend , the propriety of moving such an address , in which should be embodied , for the purpose he had mentioned , the important , facts of the case . expressed his willingness to accede to the proposition of the noble secretary , did such appear to be the sense of their lordships , as the most proper ; for , it was his wish never again to be reproached with urging the adoption of any particular mode of proceeding , in preference to another . Under this impression , he should therefore readily undertake to move an address as suggested ; but he should content himself with simply moving the address , and not offer a word in the way of comment upon it . From the moment , he judged it important to come forward as he had done , in a case involving the rights and privileges of his fellow subjects , end saw the matter placed in a train of investigation . He had carefully , as their lordships must recollect , abstained from any observations in that house , which might go to affect the individual , or bias their lordships ' judgment on the case . On these grounds , he repeated he should content himself with simply moving the address.—On the motion of lord Auckland , 36 the order for their lordships going into the committee was discharged.—Adjourned . On the order of the day for the third reading of the bill for the better supplying of Market Towns in Ireland with water , sir George Hill opposed it , on the ground , that it would have a partial operation , and subject many persons to rates who did not stand in need of such accommodation . He should make no objection if the heavy expense was to fall exclusively on those who wished for it ; but , considering that it would he burthen-some as well as unnecessary in general , he moved , that the bill be read a third time this day three months . Mr. Barnard and sir W. Burroughs spoke in favour of the bill ; and Mr. French , sir W. Elford , and Mr. M'Naghten , against it . Mr. Foster considered the measure to be of considerable importance , and such as should not be hastily adopted , as a general act , meant only for local advantage , might ultimately tend to the embarrassment of the whole country . He should therefore recommend it to the hon . baronet ( sir G. Hill ) to withdraw his motion ,