had they resisted its first imposition , what hope could they have entertained of success ? Abandoned by their natural protector ; without a friend ! with the just odium upon them attaching to this nefarious traffic , that resistance must have been fruitless.—The surplus of their revenue they perceive set apart by parliament , undoubtedly for their use . Other proofs of the moderation of parliament toward them they acknowledge , and of the exercise of this branch of its power they do not complain.—As to compensation to the noble claimant , this has already been given most amply , as far as money can be its measure . The last proprietor of this regality , weighing the solid advantages to his rent-roll , by parting with the island , against the gratification to be derived from its possession , preferred , and I think wisely , that which was beneficial to his family , to the pride of grasping in his hand a barren sceptre . But if the thing must be done , let it be done in the way least offensive to the feelings of the payers . I trust , however , it will not be done . On the part of the people of the Isle of Man , I protest against its injustice . As a member of parliament , I protest against such a waste of the public money . Never was there a period when it behoved us more narrowly to watch its expenditure . On these grounds I move , `` that the further consideration of this report be put off to this day three months . '' replied to the arguments of the hon . gentleman , and supported the claim of the duke of Atholl for an additional compensation . He attempted to prove by a reference to lord Coke , that the , lord of the Isle of Man was formerly an independent monarch , and that the house of Keys was not a legislative but only a judicial body . The members of that house could not be termed representatives of the people , for they were self-elected . The lords of the treasury in 1765 had been authorized to treat with the representatives of the lords of the island , without any supposition that any other parties were entitled . The Duke of Atholl refused to alienate his rights . It was not till the government of this country shewed a disposition to abridge those rights that the alienation was agreed to . The commercial pretensions of this country to legislate for Ireland and America were abandoned ; there was no better right to legislate for Man , except as the holders of the rights of the lords . The customs 235 revenue since 1798 had increased from 6,000l . to 16,000l . a year , and the compensation which was to be regulated by the result of the experiment was claimed accordingly . The sum of 70,000l . with the pension was an inadequate compensation . He adverted to the purchase of the heritable jurisdictions of Scotland , which were very highly paid for , from the consideration of the honours surrendered . He trusted the minority of the present duke , when the arrangement was made , would give force to these arguments , and dispose the house to consider the claims now made as valid . said , when he opposed the present reception of this report , he did it on the principles laid down by lord Coke , sir Wm . Blackstone , and by the attorney and solicitor general , who had all concurred in the opinion , that the authority of parliament was paramount , and that it had an unquestionable right to legislate for the Isle of Man . Whatever ingenious reasoning might have been employed by the hon . and learned baronet , there were no facts to shew that the duke of Atholl was independent of this control . The commissioners appointed to enquire into this business said , that if the custom duties were increased , it must have been with the consent of