to say that his majesty 's officers , aye , his majesty 's regiments too , may be commanded by this man in the day of battle , or by others , who , however superior to him in rank in civil life , must be equally unfit to exercise this military command over the officers of the army . If the Volunteers are mixed with the king 's troops , as seems to be the intention of government ( and as indeed in some way or other they must he ) and the general officers commanding a brigade or detachment are killed or wounded , the command would in most cases devolve on a volunteer colonel ; for almost all the regiments of the line are 685 commanded by lieutenant-colonels , whilst many of the volunteer corps have full colonels at their head , who by an act of parliament are entitled to rank above all lieutenant-colonels of the army . I did , in the committee upon that bill , oppose as much as lay in my power , the adoption of the clause containing so monstrous an absurdity ; but my voice did not prevail . The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) who attended so minutely to every clause and every stage of that bill , saw no objection to conferring this rank on volunteer officers ; and I presume that in his , opinion , the hardships which entitle them to that rank ( for which we must toil so long ) are undergone , —the experience which fits them to command us , is acquired by that species of volunteer service called permanent duty . The importance which the right hon . gent . seems to attach to this permanent duty , appears to me quite curious , One must suppose that in his opinion , the volunteers , by passing a fortnight in making merry and carousing in some village a few miles distant from their homes , ( to the great inconvenience of the country , and neglect of their own business and useful occupations ) do really acquire a very great portion of the military character and habits , and fitness for war . Nay , I remember that at the close of the last session , when the right hon . gent . was reproached for not having performed any of his mighty promises of improvement in our military force , he actually did very gravely and seriously state to the house , that the strength and security of the country had , since he came into office , been greatly encreased by the circumstance of I do n't know how many thousands of the volunteers having been a whole fortnight upon this said permanent duty . For my own part I confess that I am disgusted when I see the soldiers dress , and the pomp and splendour of military parade , which formerly excited animating feelings , to which ideas of military glory associated themselves , and the exclusive possession of which was of no inconsiderable importance to raise in the country a certain feeling of respect for the army , and to facilitate its recruiting , —I say , sir , I can not help feeling some degree of disgust when I see all this displayed in every street in the town , with a magnificence that quite eclipses the regular army , by men , whose only experience of the military life consists in having passed a fortnight on what is ridiculously called permanent duty.—There are many other parts of this volunteer system , which , as well as the rank of the officers , call aloud for remedy ; and the house should 686 consider , that whatever difficulty may exist in applying it now , will be encreased by delay . The longer the evils are allowed to exist , the deeper root will they take in the country , and the more difficult will it be to eradicate them . I shall not , however , dwell any longer upon this part of the subject , but shall pass to that