to his country , as a member of parliament , if he did not most strenuously resist the present application . He lamented the surrender of all decorum which characterised every part of this proceeding ; he thought the dignity of the house was most materially implicated , but it was not on contingent and collateral circumstances , however relatively important that he relied ; on the substantial merits of the question , he took his stand , and he was confident that if those who favoured this 788 measure should ultimately prevail , it would be productive of great embarrassment to their lordships , and of serious injury to the public . rose to corroborate what had fallen from the noble viscount , and to give his decided opposition to the bill . If this precedent was set , many others had an equal right to , demand compensation with the noble duke . For his part , he thought he himself had a much better and stronger claim . He had lost his brother , his father and his grandfather in the service of the country , and had nearly lost his own life also . Government had given grants to his family of nearly 60,000 acres of ground in America . All that property was lost by the war in that country , and the whole compensation which his family received as loyalists , was about 200l . for a property which is now worth near 200,000l . If , therefore , this precedent was once established , he , too , would . feel that he had as good a right to ask for compensation , and he now gave notice , that in that case he would apply for it . He bestowed great praise on the noble viscount ( lord Sidmouth ) for the great care that was taken in his administration of the public purse , a care for which he deserved , and certainly enjoyed , the good opinion of numbers of his countrymen , while on the other hand the wanton waste and profusion of another person who had since conducted administration , had been such as to make many persons almost wish that affairs should come to such a crisis as to make the necessity obvious of recurring to a different system . said he Could not remain silent after the observations he had heard from some noble lords . He expressed his respect for the opinions already declared by the other house on this subject , and thought the history of the transaction fully justified it . He had no wish to hurt the feelings of any noble lord , but though he was willing to give every credit to the minister , who made the bargain with the house of Atholl . for his desire to save the public money , he must recollect that it was stated that the loss of the public amounted to no less than three hundred and fifty thousand pounds annually from the possession of the royalty of the Isle of Man by the Atholl family . He might , therefore , put it to their lordships , whether there was not a strong claim of justice . He agreed with the noble viscount , in his , desire , to unite economy-with liberality ; but by no means in his application of that rule to the merits of the present case . According to his arguments , there was no ground but fraud on the one side , or fatuity on the other . Such 789 economy in our generosity as was recommended , came to nothing short of avarice . As to the arguments drawn from the cases Of the duke of Richmond and others , the transactions were different from this : they Were fair and open bargains . They were not questions of dignity , but of plain pounds , shillings , and pence . After several other arguments in support of the bill , he lamented the coarse , harsh , and unnecessary observations , made by the noble and learned lord against the bill , which might