the 7th of June , 1680 , that if any person whatsoever should issue exchequer bills , or other government securities , for the purpose of raising sums of money for the service of the crown , without the consent of parliament , he shall be responsible to parliament ; and in other resolutions , the same principle is directed against any person who shall purchase tallies by anticipation . But , sir , another principle is , that it must be obvious government can not raise loans from the public , without the . consent of this house : for if this house were once to admit such a principle , or pass such a measure unnoticed , it would , not only , surrender the most valuable of its privileges , but every other privilege it has obtained , with that would speedily follow . A learned writer upon the constitution of this country ( Millar ) has said , that it has so guarded every avenue and passage , by wich the prerogative could invade our rights , that the crown can not raise any loan or supply of public money without the consent of this house , and is , therefore , obliged the more frequently to call meetings of parliament , being unable to levy any money without their interven- 58 tion . I shall quote another instance , which occurred shortly after the revolution , to prove how jealous the parliament was , in those days , of their privileges on this point . The instance to which I allude , is that of the Bank act , which , in express terms , debars the government from borrowing loans of money , even from the directors of the Bank , without the consent of parliament : and is it probable , I ask , that government should be prohibited from borrowing money from the Bank , and be left at liberty to raise loans from others ? The fact is , that the restriction in the Bank act was made on account of the connection existing between government and the Bank , and to guard against the probable influence of the former over the latter , and the consequent facility of procuring thence loans of money . But , sir , it never could have entered into the apprehension of the framers of that act , that ministers might be at liberty to go into the city and search from one street to another to raise money by the aid of brokers . In fact , the reason why they confined the restriction so peculiarly to the Bank was , that they never once suspected any other means would be resorted to . My object therefore is to shew how such evils have been guarded against by the constitution . No member of this house , who lived within fifty years of the revolution ; could have conceived that any minister of the crown , or any government in this country , would have ventured to adopt the measures in this way which we have seen practised within the last few years , and passed by without any enquiry . Even since the year 1800 , independently of the vast number of navy bills that have been issued in the only legal way they ought to have been issued , namely , for stores and actual services ; and which becoming due , instead of being paid off , were taken up by issuing other navy bills , as has of late been the practice at the Bank , no less a sum than 4,300,000l . have been raised by the issuing of navy bills ; and of this no communication was ever made to parliament . It appears , page 513 of this report , that on the 2d October , 1802 , a letter was written by the secretary of the treasury to the comptroller of the navy directing him to issue navy bills for the sum of 500,000l . for the purpose of raising that sum . One would imagine , by the frequent and familiar use of this kind