country , but with whom be seldom concurred in opinion ; he heard that distinguished character say , `` that the despotism of an individual over the few was a great evil , and the despotism of the few over the many was still worse : but that the despotism of the many over the few , or the individual , was the worst of all , because no hope of redress remained . '' This he considered to be the situation of the noble duke in question , from which , he trusted , however , that the liberality and justice of their lordships would release him . in answer to the remarks respecting the letter , said , that the annuity of 2,000l . was given on account of this . His lordship had said that this ought to have been perpetual . It might be so , but the time to complain was when the period was come when the annuity would expire.—The house then divided on the question for the second reading . Contents 35 ; Noncontents 11 ; Majority 24 . The bill was then ordered to be committed to-morrow , said , that he could not now enter upon the consideration of it , but begged leave to be understood not to be precluded from saying something afterwards respecting it . If their lordships would look at the precedents , they would find that it was one of the most important bills that had came before them for half a century.—Adjourned . accordingly addressed the house . The hon . member , adverting to a petition on the table from Mr. Todd Jones , ( see p 641 ) expressed his regret that this petition had not been presented at an earlier period of the session , or that the hon . gent . who presented it had not given him notice of his intention to bring the subject before the house ; because , in that case , he would have been enabled to have such a case laid before the house as would have fully vindicated his conduct , and that of the Irish government , with respect to the charge which the statement of the petitioner conveyed . But he was now , from the lateness of the session , placed in this dilemma , that he must either make an imperfect defence for himself and the government with which he had been connected , or bring forward circumstances which it would not be fair towards the character of the petitioner to mention , as he had not the immediate opportunity of replying to them . At the time when a right hon . gent . not then in his place , ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) gave notice of a motion with regard to the several persons arrested , and in custody in Ireland , under the suspension of the habeas corpus act , he did promise himself that such a motion would have afforded him an opportunity to exculpate the government of Ireland from the several charges which had been loosely thrown out against it . He naturally expected and wished that the motion of the right hon . gent . would have led to inquiry because upon such inquiry he had not the least doubt that the result would have been a full acquittal of the accused ; nay more , a conclusive evidence of their title to public praise . After some further prefatory remarks the right hon . gent . proceeded to detail the circumstances connected with the attest and detention of Mr. Jones . For some time after his arrest , which the Irish government was induced to order upon information , the particulars of which he could not , for the reason already stated , with any propriety describe , but which were quite satisfactory to their minds as to the necessity of the measure , Mr. Jones remained in prison without any particular inquiry having been instituted into his case . As soon , however , as the trials , which followed the insurrection of 1803 , and which so much occupied the attention