he were to remain silent . He had no other interest in this motion , but that which he took in behalf of a very revered friend , who had been honourably employed , for forty years , in the naval service of his country ; not less than thirty of which were passed on ship-board . Though his long and meritorious services had been honoured and rewarded by his majesty , it was impossible that he could have been in so many situations , without being subject to some slight charges of this nature . He said , he could not consider the present proceeding as a very fair one , for , no sooner was the verdict of the court martial known , than captain Wood had served the admiral with notice of a civil action , pending which , this criminal proceeding was attempted . spoke in favour of the admiral . Many officers of the navy whom he knew gave him the highest character . Their testimony was of the most unqualified nature . Besides , the production of the papers moved for would be a dangerous precedent . stated what he knew of the gallant admiral . He had served under his command ; he had known hint 30 years ; he went out with him to the West Indies in 1789 . In 1797 and 1798 , he was under him on the coast of Ireland ; he went to the Mediterranean in 1798 ; in the end of 1798 , he went , subject to his orders , to Minorca , second in command . Knowing so much of the gallant admiral , he felt it to be incumbent upon him to give his opinion on this occasion to the house , and he could honestly declare , that during the whole period , he never knew him to do any thing that was oppressive to the officers under his command . With respect to the law opinion , he would just say , that probably , not an officer in the navy but might be superseded on such an opinion ; for , hardly one of them was free from the sin of transgression as to the 18th article of war . [ A laugh . ] Most captains brought home a pipe , or even more , of wine for himself and friends , when on a wine station ; and he himself had , when at the admiralty , requested some of his naval friends to bring him some wine . An hon . gent . over against him 210 ( sir Philip Stevens ) must remember the practice before he was born . [ Laugh ] . said , that as it appeared to be , the wish of the house that this matter should not be brought forward at present , he should withdraw it , with the intention of taking another opportunity next session to bring it under their consideration . said , that as the hon . colonel had thought proper to bring forward such aspersions against the character of such a highly respectable and gallant officer as sir John Duckworth was , notwithstanding the decision of the court martial , he thought it was highly proper that the question should be put , so as to have the sense of the house upon the subject.—On this , the question that the motion be withdrawn , was put from the chair , and loudly negatived without a division . moved the order of the day for the consideration of the report of the committee on the claim of the Duke of Atholl . The order of the day being read , and spoke as follows : — I rise , sir , to state my objections to the report made by this committee . It is , I conceive , impossible they could have come to these conclusions had they adverted to the whole of the evidence laid before them , and since submitted to the house : part of that evidence , highly material in itself , has passed unnoticed : other parts will be