scale of allowance ; upon which a division took place ; ayes 11 ; noes 47 ; majority 36.—Adjourned Counsel were finally heard relative to the Irish Appeal , Reddington v. Reddington , viz . Mr. Plomer at some length in reply on the part of the appellant.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their several stages.—The Military Expenditure Enquiry bill ; the Naval Enquiry Renewal bill ; and the Wine Duties ' bill , were brought up from the commons , and severally read a first time . On the reading of the Wine Duties ' bill , the earl of Suffolk observed , that there had been a memorial presented and signed by a number of officers in the army , praying , on account of the high price of wine , and on account of the excessive duties , a drawback with respect to the latter in their favour ; this he thought a consideration of importance , which did not appear to be attended to , and he lamented that the price of the article was now so high , as that a subaltern officer could not afford to indulge himself with a glass of wine . The order of the day being read , moved an address to his majesty , in which were embodied various matters of charge against Luke Fox , esq . one of the judges of his majesty 's court of common pleas in Ireland . The charges enumerated were , with a few exceptions , those contained in the petitions presented , and the articles of complaint preferred against Mr. Justice Fox , and respecting the alledged misconduct of that judge , while employed on one of the circuits in Ireland . The address concluded with praying his majesty , that therefore he 46 would be graciously pleased to remove , the said Luke Fox , esq . from his judicial situation.—The noble marquis simply moved the address ; which being read by the clerk , said , he should move two propositions on the address now read ; first , that it be referred to the consideration of a committee of the whole house ; and , secondly , that the house should resolve itself into a committee , for the purpose of enquiring into the truth of the facts alledged in the said petition. -- On the question being put , rose , and stated a variety of objections against the proposed line of proceeding . He had frequently urged his sentiments as to the propriety of commencing proceedings in that house upon matters of mere misdemeanour . He submitted whether it did not go to call upon any individual to come forward in his defence , upon matters alledged by any member of that house in his place ? Though , at the same time , he confessed , that the mode now proposed was infinitely less exceptionable than the course adopted in the first instance . Besides , there was more than one difficulty which would attend the proceeding in question ; they would have to enter upon a detailed examination of the whole case , and then perhaps have to call upon the accused gentleman for his defence . Another consideration adverted to by his lordship was that of the great and unavoidable expence to the parties , which such a mode of proceeding must occasion . The very advanced period of the session was also to be considered ; a period , at which all their lordships must feel it was almost physically impossible to get through the business . spoke at some length , and with great ability , upon the question . He expressed his hope that by their lordships promptly and sedulously applying to the investigation of the business , at least , on the part of that house , it might be got through during the present session . He had to observe the great delicacy of the learned person who was accused , in abstaining from the exercise of his judicial functions , though to his great pecuniary loss , while the accusation was pending ; this consideration