, whose resolution was , that 50,000 tons of coals should be allowed to be brought to London by that canal , was agreed to , and bills ordered accordingly . observed , that some time had elapsed , since he had put a question to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , relative to a subject that had been alluded to in the speech from the throne . There was reason to expect , that some communication would , before this , have been made to the house , on that subject . He rose in this instance for the purpose of repeating the question he had put on the former occasion , and to ask , whether there was any probability , considering the very advanced period of the session , that any such communication would be made to parliament previous to the close of it ? said , he had nothing to add to what he had stated on the former occasion . It was not in his power to return any other answer to the hon . gent . 's question . said , he had delayed as long as possible any motion on the subject . He 193 now felt it his duty not to suffer the house to separate without having an opportunity afforded them of considering this very important matter . He proposed , therefore , to bring forward a motion on the subject on Wednesday se'nnight , unless circumstances should in the mean time occur to render that motion unnecessary . This being the day fixed by colonel Wood for his motion for the production of the proceedings of the court martial , relative to sir John Duckworth , he rose in his place and stated to the house , that he was willing to defer his motion for some days longer , that every gentleman might have sufficient opportunity of informing himself on the subject . This delay had been suggested by some hon . gentlemen , and should it meet the approbation of the house , he would renew his notice for that day se'nnight . did not wish to oppose the delay proposed by the hon . gent . but could not help remarking that this was the second time be had deferred his motion without adducing any satisfactory ground for that delay . He complained at the same time that the hon . member had handed about papers on this subject , one of which he had got put into his hand on entering the house , and which was calculated to make an impression on the public mind , to the prejudice of the hon . baronet who was the subject of the intended motion . then stated , that though he wished to give members time to consider the subject , he had no objection to bring it forward then , should it appear to be the desire of the house . The paper of which the hon . member complained captain Wood 's memorial to the lords of the admiralty ) he stated to be a public document , and therefore a proper subject of attention for the house . saw no reason why the question should not then be determined , as it merely related to the propriety of producing the proceedings , and not to the merits of the court martial . For his own part he acknowledged himself hostile to the production of these papers . On Colonel Wood 's rising to explain , observed , that there was no question before the house , and it remained for the hon . gent . to determine whether he would defer his motion , or now bring it forward pursuant to notice . seeing the house 194 disposed to proceed , said he should no longer delay his intended motion . The hon . colonel spoke as follows : —sir , the proceedings of the late naval court martial held upon vice-admiral sir John Duckworth having been printed and published by the admiral himself , it can not be the wish either of the admiral nor that of his friends