to hold a respectable situation in society , that being the rank which every officer was sure of attaining in a reasonable time : and accordingly , when I was in Prussia , upwards of twenty years ago , the pay of a captain in the army was very near 3001. per annum ; which , considering the cheapness of the country , and the advantage of never changing their quarters in time of peace , enabled them to enjoy a considerable proportion of the comforts of life.—The pay of the officers of our army was perhaps tolerably adequate when it was first established ; but every body knows and feels the enormous increase in the price of every article of necessary expence . Upon this principle , the pay of other servants of the state has , in many instances been increased : upon this principle the minister , last sessions , proposed , and parliament readily consented to an increased allowance for the civil list : and why , then , should those , noon whose courage and zeal in the service of their country , its welfare , its security , and its greatness depends , those who pass great part of their lives in exposing themselves not only to all the hazards of war , but also to the baneful influence of unhealthy climates , for the defence of possessions from whence you derive so much of your wealth , why should they be neglected , and allowed to linger on in a state of penury , not less disadvantageous to the service , perhaps , than distressing to themselves ? The pay of the soldiers has been increased : upon what policy did government act when they bestowed upon their wants that degree of consideration which they withhold from their officers ? It is a subject , which , however ineffectual my exertions may be , I shall never cease to press upon the consideration of the house , until a suitable provision is made for them.—There are many other points to which , if we went into the committee , I might be desirous of calling its attention , but which I shall not 691 detain the house with noticing at present ; —one only excepted , upon which I can not help taking this opportunity of expressing my opinion , it being one in which I also feel a lively interest , and respecting which I refrained from troubling the house upon a late occasion , when it was introduced with so much force and feeling by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox , ) when he made a motion for taking a more general view of the situation of that description of persons to whom I allude , I mean the Roman Catholics . The policy of admitting them fully into the military service , is a question which I think might very well be entertained by the house , independantly of their other claims , for the whole of which , however , to the fullest extent that they have ever urged them , I am glad of every opportunity of professing my- self a warm advocate . What I now mention may , however , in the mean time , be made a subject of separate consideration ; and I am convinced that the granting it would be attended with the best consequences to the state . By laying open the military career to them in the service of their own sovereign and country , you would bring into the army a set of men who have furnished many of the most distinguished officers to the armies of other powers , to which they are driven , by being excluded from our 's . It may be said , indeed , that they are now allowed to serve in his majesty 's army ; —but how , and on what conditions , are they admitted into the service ? Why , on the condition that they are never to exercise the command annexed to the rank which every officer , who is of the stuff of which good