here considered in the same point of view , as members of the realm of England ; that , it was equally competent to parliament to legislate for the one as for the other ; and that the importation of more than 100 ton of French wine by foreigners , was therefore illegal.—The 7th of Geo . I , prohibiting the importation into the Isle of Man of East-India goods , except from great Britain , important as it is in every point of view , has wholly escaped the , attention of this committee.—In that act we see another legislative measure , directly affecting the commerce of the island.—The 12th Geo . I , forbids the importation from the Isle of Man , into great Britain or Ireland , of any goods not its own produce , and inflicts the penalty of forfeiture , as well of the goods , as of the ship conveying them , superadding fine or imprisonment on the persons concerned in the landing . This statute also authorizes the treasury to treat with the proprietors for their claims over these regalities.—The act passed in the next reign , imposing on the seamen of the island the payment of Greenwich-Hospital money , and authorizing the collection of it by the servants of 220 the crown within the island , is equally decisive . `` Abundantly sufficient , '' we may well conclude with the attorney and solicitor general , they are to show that parliament has , in fact , again and again , exercised that right of legislation which lord Coke and sir W. Blackstone so justly attribute to it : Here is both theory and practice . Nor has it ever been disputed by the inhabitants of the island , or by any person , or at any time that I have heard , except on the present occasion , by the noble claimant.—If ever the time was when the competence of parliament on this head , if unfounded , should have been disputed , it was in 1765 , when the act for putting down smuggling was proposed.—The noble proprietors then petitioned against it . A most eloquent speech , of which the memory still lives in tradition , and has been perpetuated by the press , was then delivered ; a case on behalf of the petitioners , of which a copy is now in my hand , was then printed . Does any one of these documents breathe the slightest doubt as to the power of parliament ? — At that period the proprietors had also the benefit of the professional assistance of another most eminent advocate , Mr. Madocks . But above all , they were aided by one whose judgment and sagacity are known wherever our tongue is spoken , by one of the greatest statesmen and lawyers the country ever produced , in short , by lord Mansfield . Is it possible that this argument , if maintainable , could have escaped his penetrating mind : that it would not have been urged with equal force and more effect than any adduced by the advocates acting for the noble petitioners.—Before I advert to the last claim this report states on behalf of the noble duke , of the power of arbitrary taxation existing in the feudal proprietor , I beg leave again to refer to the same valuable document , containing the case submitted to this house in 1765 , by those proprietors.—Many years ago I discovered it by accident among the papers of a deceased parent . Little could I then dream , that I was this day to produce it as containing a complete refutation of this despotic claim ; an unanswerable proof of the right of co-legislation enjoyed by the house of Keys , of which I have the honour to be a member.—The petitioners there state the insular government as composed of three estates : 1st , `` The lord , who bath ever retained the rights of the ancient kings in assenting or dissenting to the laws pro- 221 posed ; '' 2d , `` In the governor and council ; ''