surely have been qualified by other expressions . He felt great reverence and respect for high authority , and he felt a jealousy of the effects , opinions delivered in such language , by such authority , might produce . He felt himself , therefore , compelled to complain of the boisterous and rude manner in which— [ Here lord Ellenborough rose , and observed , that no expressions used by him were such as could justify the application of such terms . ] Lord Mulgrave proceeded : He said he should apply to his lordship what one of the characters of our immortal bard , Othello , applied to an old man : `` Signor , your age may more command , me than your weapon . '' He respected his learning , his experience , his authority , and his situation in the state ; but his lordship was not to suppose that he and his noble friends on that side of the house were always to sit in silent apathy when he chose to use angry language . Some of the expressions he had used were fitter for demagogues in Palace-yard , who fail at taxes , and introduce every sort of extraneous matter to inflame their audience , than to be used in that house . When he heard irritating and angry language used , it might produce the same sort of language from him ; when he heard the word 'job ' applied to this measure , he must say he despised the imputation . Such language must always be wrongly used , unless it were intended to follow it up with some positive charge . If a noble person , in a high and venerable situation , did not adapt his expressions to the dignity of that house , nor to the character of his high office , he must feel it due to the dignity of parliament , and due to the character of the bench , to take notice of it , as he felt . Would the noble lord have used such language , in such a stage of a proceeding , in the court in which he presided ? He would never submit to be taxed with supporting a 'job ' ; a conduct of which he knew himself to be incapable . He was really sorry to say so much respecting a noble person of so high a description ; but he himself also held a high responsible situation in the conduct of public affairs , and he 790 thought it justice to himself and others to express his indignation , and to endeavour to set himself right in this point with the house . He could not pretend to equal knowledge and ability with the learned lord , but he would not sit silent and pass over such language as that of which he complained . said , that the attack made upon him would have been a just one , had he said any thing to give pain wantonly to any noble lord . But his observations were applied to the measure , and not to any individual whatsoever . He had used those words which struck him as most characteristic of the ideas he really entertained of the measure itself . Considering the lights he had on the subject , the precipitation with which it was endeavoured to pass the bill , and all the other circumstances connected with it , he could not speak of it in any other terms than those which he had used . said , that having held the same high office when this subject came before the Privy Council which he now held , a great deal of his attention was necessarily drawn to it at that time . He could see no other reason for farther compensation , except the increase of revenue since the bargain was concluded . If this were admitted , there could be no such thing as a certainty of closing any pecuniary transaction between the public and private persons . He also considered the length of time as sanctioning the compact . He gave