a seventy-four gun ship could be built by contract in three years , at the expence of 261. per ton ; and that a frigate could be built in two years , at 261. per ton ; notwithstanding which , the very next year a contract was made for ships at as high a rate as 361. per ton . As to what the noble viscount ( lord Melville ) had said against blockades , it appeared to him completely ridiculous . The noble lord seemed to have forgotten that he had himself invariably pursued that system while he was at the head of the admiralty . The reasons he assigned were curious . It seems , that the French ships , by staying in their ports , were in much better condition than ours , which had so long kept the seas . On that principle he should have sent to congratulate the people in the city , that the Rochefort squadron had foolishly quitted its port and gone to the West Indies , where it must experience much wear and tear , and considerable damage . Every fleet which France sent against our possessions would , according to this argument , be only injuring herself . He should not enter particularly into the number of small craft , gun-boats , and catamarans which the noble viscount might have built during his administration ; but as to the great promises that had been held forth , he expected them to be realized about the-same time that the promised surplus of the revenues of India should come in aid of the extinction of the national debt of this country . In considering , however , the general situation of this country , the want of protection of the West Indies , and the ignorance of the motions of the French and Spanish fleets , he saw nothing upon which he could congratulate the country in the 105 administration of its naval affairs . His lordship concluded by supporting the motion for the committee . professed his disinclination to follow the noble lord , who had made the motion , into all the details which in the course of his speech he had thought it necessary to submit to their lordships . He observed that , although the debate had branched out to a considerable length , the question appeared to him to lie within a narrow compass . It had been alledged that his noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) gave the noble earl nothing but fair words , which was unfair ; for that noble viscount had certainly taken a line of conduct which was dictated by the sense he entertained of his parliamentary duty , and at the same time had spoken according to his feelings with reference to the character of the noble earl . But his lordship said he recollected that others , on a former occasion , when an enquiry was moved for , had professed great friendship for that noble earl , but had indeed given him nothing but fair words . Having stated this , because the occasion , as it appeared to him , called for it , he should come immediately to the question now before their lordships , which was , whether certain papers already before them should be referred to a committee , and that was a subject , he confessed , of great delicacy , involving considerations of great importance with a view to the disclosure that must attend it if the motion be carried . God forbid , that he should say , if a grave case was made out , the house would not attend to it , and send it to the investigation of a committee , even at the risk of all the consequences which might follow the disclosure ; but nothing short of absolute necessity would induce their lordships to do so , for the disclosure would not only be to the people of this country , but must necessarily reach the enemy , and be a disclosure to the whole world ; and before their lordships could be prevailed on to do