of mahogany furniture , from one hundred and twenty to one hundred and fifty pounds weight of Spanish snuff , a couple of hundred weight of arrow root , some puncheons of rum and pipes of wine , and from thirty to forty casks of shaddocks ; and has been threatened with a court martial for bringing on board such articles , as coming under the head of `` goods and merchandize not being intended for the sole use of the ship or vessel . `` —Your opinion is required , how far any officer bringing on board such articles , can in any respect subject him to the penalty of the above clause of the 22d George II . being the 18th article of war ; as the officer will be able to prove they were intended for presents to his friends , and not to be sold . '' — '' I am of opinion that the facts here stated would inevitably subject the officer to whom they apply , to a conviction under the article of war before stated ; and it seems to me , that the value and quantity of the articles received on board , would but too probably render it impossible that the members of a court martial charged to enquire into the circumstances , should ascribe it to mistake or inadvertency , or any other excusable cause . W . GARROW . '' Lincoln's-Inn , 3d May , 1805 . — '' The above case , it appears to me , falls directly within the words of the article in question , and these words are so strongly restrictive , viz . for the sole use of the ship , that I do not see how they can admit of any equitable enlargement , so as to exempt from their operation articles intended for presents , and not for sale . The object of the provision may have been to prevent a trading by the king 's officers , but it may also have had other objects with respect to the state and navigation of the ship ; but at all events , whatever may have been the aim , the words are positive and peremptory , and nothing appears upon the face of the act to give them any particular qualification . I take , however , for granted , that a court martial would give to every such case a most liberal considera- 201 tion , and would not construe a few articles intended for the use of friends , and as presents merely , into a breach of the provision of the law ; they would probably be considered as part of the captain 's stores , or upon some ground or other , would not be treated as amounting to a breach of the law ; but this would depend upon degree ; and in the present instance the articles are of such a nature , and such in point of amount , that it does appear to me to be of a very unfavourable nature , taking it even for granted , that it can be proved , that which is stated , namely , that they were intended for presents merely , and not to be sold ; but at any rate , should a court martial be held , this should be pressed as strong as possible , even though it should not operate as an absolute defence . R . DALLAS . '' Lincoln's-Inn Fields , May 3d , 1805 . — '' I can not say that strictly this case does not fall within the 22d of George II . chap . 33d , art . 18 . The prohibition is general , without any exception of presents ; and even if it be usual to overlook the case of presents , it is possible that the quantity of goods may have raised some doubt whether they were so meant , and may have occasioned a stricter scrutiny than usual upon this occasion . V . GIBBS . '' Lincoln's-Inn , May 1st , 1805 . — '' I am of opinion that