me to enquire what were the resources to which we could look for the purpose of increasing it , or for replacing such ships as must ere long , become unfit for service.—This naturally led me to enquire what ships of the line were building , and when they , were likely to be completed ; and I found , from the answers to my enquiries on this subject , that on the 15th of May , 1804 , there were six ships of the line building , one of which was laid down in 1802 , another in January 1803 , a third in November 1803 , a fourth in 1802 , and two which had been laid down so far back as the year . 1792 . Of these six ships , three were expected to be finished in 1805 , one in 1806 , and another in 1807 . Upon this part of the subject I shall trouble your lordships with but few observations . My object is to state facts , and to let those facts speak for themselves.—When I looked for the supply which I was to expect for keeping up the British navy , I found the number of ships which I have just stated building in the king 's yards . Let us , therefore , my lords , see what was done by the late board of admiralty with respect to the building ships of the line from February 1801 to May 1804 . In that period it appears that five ships were ordered to be built in the king 's yards and two in the merchants ' yards . But when I enquired into the state of these five ships of the line , so ordered to be built in the king 's yards , I found that not even the keel of any one of them had been laid down ; and the reason given for this delay was , that the ships could not be proceeded on without more materials and more hands . All the hands in the king 's yards were certainly fully employed in repairing and refitting ships ; and this they must necessarily be during a period of 83 war . To whom the want of materials may be imputable I do not pretend to say , I only state the fact . In order , however , to obviate this difficulty , I exerted every means in my power to replenish our naval arsenals , as will be seen upon a comparative view of the account now before your lordships . The report made respecting the state of the two ships in the merchants ' yards was merely that they were building , without stating what progress had been made upon them.—Surely , my lords , after I became informed of all the circumstances which I have here stated , it would have been a dereliction of my public duty , not to have looked to some other source of Supply from whence the navy might be kept up ; I therefore advised that recourse should be had to the merchants ' yards ; but when the orders were given to carry this advice into effect , I found that a peremptory negative had been put by the preceding board of admiralty , upon building in the merchants ' yards . The negative put upon this mode of building by so high an authority , induced me to investigate the subject minutely . However , when I found that there existed no other source from whence the navy could be kept up , my public duty demanded that I should advise that recourse should again be had to the merchants'yards.— I found also that it was not only necessary for us to have recourse to the merchant builders for new ships , but that it was absolutely expedient for us to avail ourselves of the benefit of their yards , for the purpose of repairing such ships of the line as their docks might be capable of receiving . With this impression upon my mind , I did not hesitate in recommending the adoption