his motion , in the reign of William and Mary , Nov. 1688 , when a 38 motion was passed , calling for an account of the money paid for secret services to members of parliament , and was presented by Mr. Secretary Harley , in the December following . As he did not expect to have the right of the public , to know what they actually did pay , disputed , he moved , `` that a secret committee , of 13 members , exclusively of such members as held any public offices at the will of the crown , be appointed to enquire into the disbursements of secret service money in Ireland , from the year 1793 , to the end of 1804 , inclusive , excepting such sums as may have been paid for the detection of any conspiracies , and distinguishing their respective amounts , and the names and services of the persons to whom they were paid . '' said , that if the hon . bart . merely wanted an account of the money laid out for secret service , there could be but one objection to it , and that was , that it was unnecessary , because the amount of the money to be so expended was limited , and defined by act of parliament . But the hon . bart . seemed to think that there were other suns of money so applied , over and above the sum allowed by law : if that were the case , if the hon . bart . could bring forward any fact of that kind , it certainly would be well worthy the attention of parliament . But it certainly appeared to him unnecessary to go into an enquiry until some fact was stated to shew the expediency of that enquiry.—The act of 1793 , to which the hon . bart . had alluded , followed the principle of Mr. Burke 's bill in this country , and limited the amount of money to be expended for secret service to a small sum ; and he supposed it would not be denied that it would be impossible for any government to be carried on without the power of disposing of some secret service money , without being obliged afterwards to make public the way in which it had been laid out . In the year 1741 , an attempt was made in this country to enquire into the application of secret service money . It was admitted in the report of the committee appointed upon that occasion , that it was absolutely necessary that government should have the application of a certain sum for secret service money , without being obliged to explain the way in which it was expended , because that would defeat the very purpose of it ; but it was stated that the sums so laid out appeared to be enormous . Afterwards , by the bill brought in by Mr. Burke , the sum to be so expended by government was limited to 39 100,000l . a year . In Ireland the sum was still more limited ; it was fixed at 5,000l . a year ; and he believed the hon . bart . would find it difficult to convince the house that such an expenditure could be applied to the bad purposes to which he had alluded . But he trusted that gentlemen would recollect the situation in which Ireland had stood for some years , and he was sure they could not for a moment contend , that it would be proper to call upon government to come before parliament and explain how every farthing of secret service money had been laid out during that period . There was one head of expenditure , called `` secret pensions , '' and it must be obvious to the house , that government could not expose the names , of the persons to whom they were paid without exposing them to ruin . He wished to observe , that it was not the practice in this country to keep any memorandum of the disposal of secret