really thought that in candour the right hon . gent . himself would admit the propriety of such a provision . If the house should proceed beyond that ; if any censure should be pronounced , it was his wish that such censure should . be as mild as words could convey ; for nothing appeared to him more essential in moral justice than to keep a marked line of distinction between the different degrees of delinquency in the distribution of punishment ; that crimes of high enormity should not be confounded with those to which but a slight degree of blame was attributable . It was , in his judgment , as culpable to apply severe censure to a slight 419 delinquency , as to suffer a flagrant offender to escape with impunity . He particularly wished , that under existing circumstances , the house should keep in view the distinction he alluded to . It was far from his intention , or that of his hon . friend , to follow the course of those proceedings from any thing like party feelings . He trusted that the house and the country would do justice to the motives that actuated their prosecution of great delinquency , and separate these motives altogether from any thing like party animosity.—With respect to the different modes of proceeding recommended in this case , the hon . gent . declared that , if his hon . friend 's propositions should not be adopted , he would prefer a bill of indemnity , in the preamble to which the sense of the house might he so fully and strongly expressed so as to guard against the precedent complained of . observed , that if the house adopted his resolution , a bill of indemnity might afterwards be brought in upon that resolution . did not wish , nor feel it necessary to argue the general question at any length , conceiving that on the general view of the subject , there was no material difference of opinion , that might not easily be accommodated . He acknowledged the candour and moderation in which the original resolutions had been brought forward by the hon . mover , and also the hon . member who supported his motion ; and was sure it must be satisfactory to the house , as well as to his right hon . friend , who had also acknowledged it . The only difference between the motion proposed by the hon . gent . who introduced the debate , and that of his hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Lascelles ) was , the former did not so fully state the facts , nor recognise the necessity Upon which the act was done . He thought the motion proposed by his hon , friend much more to the purpose , and that coupled with a bill of indemnity , and a few words in amendment , stating , that the instance should not be drawn into precedent , it would meet the object of both sides of the house . vindicated the conduct of lord and the lords of the treasury , on the object of Mr. Jellicoe 's arrear , and Stated that Mr. Jellicoe had not been originally employed by lord Melville , nor had his arrear accrued under his immediate administration in that department ; and that the whole of his property had been sold under an extent towards making good his deficiency . said , the statement made in the report of the committee , of the evidence he gave , was erroneous . He did not say he was present as lord of the treasury , when the warrant was issued , to indemnify lord Melville for Jellicoe 's arrear . If he had been , he should most probably have agreed to it without examination ; but he was not for some time in the habit of attending that board , being employed more advantageously elsewhere for the public service . rose to ask a question , in order to save the time of the house ; as upon the answer he should receive would