reasons for 88 all this , but I am at present entirely unable to conceive what they can be . The cause could not proceed from any change in the urgency of the case . The ftate of the country and of the navy was the same at the one period as at the other . The king 's yards were no more able to supply the demand at one time than at the other ; and the urgency could not have ceased on account of the five ships that had been ordered , for not even the keel of any one of them was then laid down . It could not have ceased on account of the six which were coming forward , as there was one even of those whose keel was not laid down till after the period alluded to and as the others had been on the stocks two or three years before the time at which the noble lord stated the necessity to be so extremely urgent.—If then there was nothing in the state of the fleet that could in the least degree supersede , the necessity which the noble lord had mentioned in his letter , where are we to look for the cause of this strange alteration ? To what possible circumstance can we attribute the propriety of this change of sentiment so complete , and at the same time so sudden ? My lords , I confess I never was more at a loss . it is totally impossible for me to account for it . If I look to the state of the country , I shall look in vain . Was there any thing so very different in our situation in the lapse of a fortnight , after his lordship wrote the letter to sir Andrew Hamond , that could justify such a total change ? Surely , my lords , it will not be necessary for me to contend that there was not . For it is certain , that there was no alteration in our condition , either as to security or to power , though , on the other hand , our enemies were equally powerful and equally disposed to convince us of it , But , my lords , this is not all ; there is something further to be considered . Was the country so very secure of the continuance of the late peace , that all exertions to augment our navy were rendered unnecessary It is well known that it was stated from very high authority , that the late administration never considered the peace as likely to continue long , after having had but a very short experience of the manner of proceeding adopted by our enemy . It was only a hollow truce , and understood to be so ; a sort of calm that often precedes a storm . Almost from the day that the definitive treaty was signed , the conduct of our adversary shewed that peace 89 could not continue with safety , for we I could not look supinely on , and see him every day making new accessions to his already too extended dominions , increasing his power , his resources , and performing every act of aggression and tyranny ; though none of the nations on the continent thought of opposing him , either because they were unable to do so , or because they were blind to their own interests . —With the evidence of these facts , may we not enquire , whether such exertions were made during , the peace ( such as it was ) , as rendered every application to the merchants ' yards unnecessary , or diminished the urgency of the case ? There certainly were not , as the papers now before your lordships evidently shew . I shall therefore leave it to the house to decide , whether or not I. am warranted in what I say . Surely , then , from all these circumstances , and from the state of the fleet , the preparations in the , dock-yards , the few ships that had been