for the borough of Newtown , in Southampton , in the room of Charles Chapman , esq . who had accepted the stewardship of his majesty 's Chiltern Hundreds.—Mr . Brooks , pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill to explain and amend the several acts relat- 112 ing to the Woollen manufactures . ; The bill for suspending the penalties imposed by several of the statutes would expire in July , and therefore it was necessary to provide some legislative means of averting the injurious operation of statutes , as most of them became obsolete and useless . Admiral Berkeley was sorry the hon . member had brought forward this measure , because , without producing any good effect It would entail an heavy expence on the parties . He should not object to its progress till it should be printed , and he was convinced that the good sense of the house would not entertain it . He took this opportunity to give notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in a bill for continuing the Suspending Act for a time to be limited . After a few words from Mr. Brooks , leave was given to bring in the bill.—A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had agreed to the Land Tax Commissioners ' bill without any amendments , and also that their lordships desired to . be informed upon what grounds the commons desired the lords to give permission to earl St. Vincent to attend the committee to which the papers relating to the repairs of the Romney and Sensible , while under the command of sir Home Popham , had been referred . On the motion of Mr. Rose , the messengers were informed by the Speaker , that an answer should be sent by that house , by a messenger of its own , to such part of their lordships ' message as related to earl St. Vincent.—Mr . Bagwell moved the third reading of the Irish Election bill . After some amendments were proposed , the further proceedings on the third reading were deferred to Monday.—The Irish Excise Licence bill was read a second time.—The Irish Malt Duty bill passed through a committee.—The further consideration of the report on the bill for the recovery of small debts in Ireland was , on the motion of Mr. D. Browne , put off to this day six months.—The Irish Stamp Duty bill passed through a committee.— Mr. Vansittart gave notice , that on Tuesday next he should move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the police of the city of Dublin . rose , in pursuance of the notice he had given , to move for leave to bring in a bill to appoint commissioners to enquire and examine into any irregularities or abuses that may have taken place in con- 113 ducting and managing the paving , the cleansing , and lighting the streets of Dublin , and also to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the present board for cleansing , lighting , & c. the said streets , the same in other persons during such suspension , and for better conducting and managing the business of the said board . He said , he felt the disadvantages under which a person must labour who was not locally acquainted with the place to which he wished to apply regulations : but he had been informed that the grievance which he proposed to remedy was of so pressing a nature , that a delay in bringing this subject before parliament would be attended with great inconvenience ; and he had the good fortune to be surrounded by gentlemen who would give every possible information , and correct him if he was wrong . It was necessary for him to state , that the present board in Ireland originated in an act of parliament proposed by a noble lord ( De Blaquiere ) in 1784 , by which a former commission was deprived of its powers , and great powers were vested in the new