estimate of my own abilities ; never less than on the present occasion . Whatever diffidence I may have felt when a sense of duty has induced me to take a part in former debates , I to-day feel a more than ordinary distrust of my ability to acquit myself , with any degree of credit , of the task which I have undertaken . I wish , however , not to be misunderstood as to the causes of this diffidence ; and I beg to assure the gentlemen opposite to me , that no part of it arises from any idea of its being difficult to point out the defects of our present military system , and the glaring absurdities of that part of it in particular , of which his majesty 's present chancellor of the exchequer is the author . The latter would indeed be a degree of modesty far beyond any to which ; in repelling the charge of presumption , I shall pretend to lay claim . But I do feel the greatest possible diffidence , when I consider that the subject which I am about to discuss , has at no very great distance of time been twice brought forward , nearly in a similar manner , by two of the most distinguished members of this house ; —at the close of the last session by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Fox ) whose talents and abilities may he considered as the brightest ornament of his country , and in the present session by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) whose great and cultivated genius , amidst the multifarious objects which it embraces , has in a very peculiar degree , been directed to the investigation of our military system , and of whom I can say with sincerity , that of all those who have spoken , written , or with whom I have conversed upon the subject , he is the man whose ideas are , in my opinion , the most just , the most accurate , and the most profound . To follow such men as these , even at this distance of time , I feel indeed , a great disadvantage to myself personally ; but there is another of a more serious nature under which I now labour , and which I sincerely deplore , being a disadvantage not affecting me only , but the cause in which I am engaged . What I mean is , that the war having now gone on so long without our having yet experienced any of 652 those disasters which have been foretold as the probable and natural consequence of out defective military system , mens ' minds have become tired of contemplating the nature and tendency of a contest hitherto so barren of events , and the public is less alive than I could wish to see it , to the real situation of the country , and to the dangers with which we are menaced ; —dangers , which have rapidly encreased under the right hon . gent . and his colleagues , and the reality of which , will , I fear , he too fully proved by experience , if we do not speedily adopt some more effectual means of averting them.—But , sir , if on the one hand I come to this discussion under considerable disadvantages , on the other hand I have reason to congratulate myself on the singular good fortune , that in proving that which I am most deeply impressed with , namely , the defectiveness and inefficacy of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt 's ) military administration , I shall at the same time prove to the house that my motion is entitled to his support : and I confess , sir , that what I am mainly anxious to establish is , that the right hon . gent . consistently with the principles on which he acted 12 months ago , is absolutely bound to assent to this motion ; for if I can establish that point , the reasonableness of my