his opinion segregated from all connections in that house , on the very same principle that he should act upon on the bench . Looking at the question over and over again , for a term of years , he must say , as a legislator and a judge , that he saw no evidence of the alledged inadequacy of the compensation of 1765 which could possibly lead him to disturb that compact in 1805 . His lordship then adverted to the door that this would open to petitions from all those persons whose property the publics found it necessary to purchase . It would be dangerous and extravagant to admit the principle that compensation was to be given for any additional improvement that might be made in property by different management . He confessed that parliament ought certainly to exercise its justice in this case with liberality , but at the same time there did not appear to him to be evidence sufficient to support such a Compensation proposed to be granted at the end of 40 year . The consideration of the time was material in this instance as in many others , because the space that had elapsed was a sort of proof that the bargain originally was right . He had before 791 agreed with the Attorney and Solicitor General , and no new evidence appeared but the supplemental statement of the duke of Atholl , and the proceedings of council . He thought his opinion was right ; and he was determined , therefore , to act upon it . Was there any thing in these papers to make him alter his opinion ? Certainly not . He thought he ought not to avoid giving his vote on the present occasion ; and he thought he ought not to give it unaccompanied with his reasons . said , that it had not happened to him to attend the Privy Council on those occasions when this subject was considered there ; but since he came into his present office , he had been led to pay much consideration to the affairs of the Isle of Man . His wish was , to do fair justice to the noble duke and to all parties concerned . He considered the compensation question with his mind perfectly unbiassed . He was ready to agree with his noble friends , that if increase of income were taken as the ground , there would be no knowing where to stop : but let noble lords look at the circumstances of the transaction itself . The noble lord then reviewed the case , and observed , that it was evident that the 70,000l .. were taken from a knowledge that that sum was the ultimatum ; but it was stated by the Atholl family , that they expected a recommendation to his majesty for some mark of his royal consideration , either by annuity , or in some other way . The question then was , whether what the parties have received , is such as they ought to have taken : and when the difference of the tenure was considered between what was lost and the pension received , he did not think that the latter could be viewed as a sufficient compensation . He did not think the Atholl family had been liberally recompensed . His lordship then alluded to his having been chairman of the committee of the commons on the port of London improvement bill , in which capacity he was led to think a good deal on the subject of compensation ought to be liberal . People ought to be paid for the compulsion imposed upon them . There were some compensations , such as that once proposed in a plan of parliamentary reform , to be given to borough proprietors , to which he could not consent . He could not help thinking that the measure before their lordships was one which was founded in justice . He recollected what had been said by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) who possessed great talents , and whose weight 792 was acknowledged in this