727 a consideration should deprive him of the benefit of papers which he thought essential to his case ? He was not sufficiently acquainted with the nature of the papers now moved to judge , but from all he had seen of those already ordered , he could assert , that every one of them was material with a view to the motion proposed to be brought forward relative to lord St. Vincent ; and this , notwithstanding the confident assertion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery ) opposite , when the question should come to be discussed . If there was difficulty in preparing the accounts it was not chargeable on his hon . friend . The question had not been brought forward by him , and for himself he deprecated it , Why did not the hon . member , if he thought his conduct deserved it , impeach lord St. Vincent ? When he asked the hon . member the preceding day , ( and he did not know how far it would be correct in him to state the substance of a private communication , ) what proceeding he meant to adopt , he was told that he did not distinctly know ; that he wished to make a statement on the subject , and if it was only on the last day of the session , that he would he satisfied . As to what the hon . member had stated respecting the reign of terror , the house would be the judge how far these observations applied to lord St. Vincent . The object proposed in moving for the papers was to prove the question whether or not lord St. Vincent had been guilty of neglect in the administration of the navy . here called the hon . member to order . He had himself been stopped when proceeding to state the extent to which his motion might go , which he was doing in compliance with the desire of the hon . gent . opposite , as being out of order , and he could not conceive it orderly for the right hon . gent . to discuss the merits of the case , as he appeared willing to do . The hon . gent . here fell into the same line of observation as before , when reminded the hon . member , that by such observations he was not defending the order of the proceedings . The conversation was irregular , but it was the hon . member himself who had first been disorderly . said , he was only proceeding to state the grounds upon which the papers were moved for , as he understood the difficulty of making out the accounts to have been urged as a species of objection to the motion . The view of his hon . friend in moving for them was to shew , by a comparative statement , whether or not lord St. Vin- 728 cent was guilty of any neglect whilst in office . here rose to order . The papers were not refused , and he saw no use in the right hon . gentleman 's proceeding with his observations , which must lead to discussion . was happy that the right hon . gent . was not disposed to resist the production of the papers with the weight of his great influence . But though that right hon . gent . felt no objection , he should recollect that another gentleman ( Mr. Dickinson ) high in office as himself , and entitled to as much consideration , had stated the difficulty of preparing the accounts as an objection to the production . again to order , saw no necessity for continuing the discussion , as no disposition was shewn to refuse the papers moved for . What shall or shall not be refused , will be decided by the vote of the house . hoped it would not be disorderly in him to assure the house , that all the papers he had moved for were necessary to the motion.—The several motions of the hon .