of the Irish government , had terminated , an inquiry into the case of Mr. Jones took place , The three allegations in the petition which 794 he thought it necessary to notice were , first , the arrest of the petitioner ; secondly , his being detained in prison after , as he states , the government had pronounced him innocent ; and , thirdly , the harshness with which he was treated . Now , as to the first point , the right hon . gent . said , that he had already stated the impossibility of giving a full explanation to the house without acting unfairly towards the character of the petitioner . But as to the second point , inquiry being made , it was found that , although the conduct of Mr. Jones was such as justified the strongest suspicion , and would have warranted government in arresting any man ; still he being a man of warm temper , and likely to use expressions , and indicate designs which he did not deliberately mean , it was the opinion of government that indulgence might be safely extended to him . In consequence of this opinion it was intimated to a gentleman of the highest respectability at the Irish bar ( Mr. Saurin ) , who interested himself for the petitioner , that government was disposed to liberate him , provided he would quit Ireland , and retire to his residence in this country , where he had been for many years previous to his late return to Ireland . This intimation was communicated to the petitioner ; and instead of replying directly to it , he immediately applied to the Irish government , asserting , that what proceeded from their disposition to leniency was a direct acknowledgement of his total innocence , and demanding instantaneous and unconditional liberation , with an indemnity ; for his imprisonment . With that demand the Irish government would not feel themselves warranted in complying ; particularly because , after the trial of the rebels , and the fullest investigation of the charges against Mr. Jones , his case became much more serious than it appeared to be at the out set . Willing , however , to act with every possible consistent mildness , his case was submitted to the crown lawyers , accompanied by this question , `` Whether it would be proper to liberate Mr . Jones ? '' and their unanimous opinion was decidedly in the negative . Still more to ascertain the rectitude of their conduct , the Irish government transmitted the case of Mr. Jones to his majesty 's ministers in this country , requiring their advice ; and their answer was , that under all the circumstances it would be extremely unadviseable to allow such a person to be at large in Ireland . With this opinion from the law officers in Ireland , and the ministers here , the Irish government felt that they would have incurred a deep responsibility had they complied with the 795 demand Of the petitioner for unconditional freedom . But as to the charge of severity ' in prison , he could assure the house that nothing could be farther , from the disposition and the desire of the Irish government than the wanton oppression of any prisoner . On the contrary , immediately on the arrest of the petitioner special directions were sent to the general commanding the district in which he was imprisoned , that the unfortunate man should be treated with every indulgence that was consistent with the safe custody of his person . Indeed it was remarkable that to none of the generals commanding at Cork , who were directed to inquire into the situation of the prisoner , did the petitioner ever make any complaint of harsh treatment ; and he was surprised to see such a complaint in the petition on the table . The right hon . gentleman stated that he should have submitted these observations to the house immediately after he had seen the petition , had he not been prevented by ill health , and he was