the house could not be sufficiently informed to make up an opinion . paid many handsome compliments to gentlemen on the other side for their candour and moderation upon this subject , but observed , that they should not place the minister in a worse situation by their candour , than they could have done by their utmost hostility . Had they attacked him hostilely , they would have put him on his defence , and then it was manifest that the house would have agreed that his conduct , although against a positive law , and , therefore , not to be drawn into a precedent , was yet , under all the circumstances of the case , not only justifiable , but highly meritorious . Gentlemen now asked the 422 latter part of the proposed resolution to be left out , which was endeavouring by their candour to place the minister in a worse situation than they could have been able to do by their hostility : for which reason he supported the proposition of the hon . gent , ( Mr. Lascelles ) which , at the same time that it provided the case should not be drawn into a precedent , yet gave it the true character it bore , namely , a measure justified by the necessity of it . in answer , thought the imputation upon his candour was ill-timed . He never said that the act was positively right . He only admitted that , though wrong , it might have been done with a good intent . in reply , observed , that the candour of the hon . gent . would have the effect of hostility ; but he had not charged the hon . gent . with meaning it should have that operation . arose , amidst a loud cry for the question . He considered the evidence in justification of the chancellor of the exchequer as defective , as it did not shew that the house of Boyd had attempted to sell out their scrip in small portions , which might have been done without depreciating the article , and also because Mr. Pitt was content with the mere word of Mr. Boyd , and made no enquiry into the necessity of the case . said , as the sense of the house seemed to be in favour of a bill of indemnity , he had no objection to such course . He then read his resolution , which he proposed as the preamble of such bill , with the proposed amendment of lord Castlereagh , stating , that the act , though not conformable with law , and , as such , not to be drawn into precedent , was justified by the peculiar exigencies of the times . was decidedly for the bill of indemnity , as the best recognition the house could adopt , of a transaction so extraordinary ; which ; though warranted by the necessity of the case , and justified the purity of his right hon . friend 's intentions , was nevertheless contrary to law , and could not be sufficiently recognized by a mere resolution . But he was against using the words `` not to be again drawn into precedent ; '' for certainly a similar necessity would justify a similar transaction , subject , however , to the cognizance of parliament . He approved of bill of indemnity wherever any breach of law was committed , and he preferred it in the present instance to a vote of that house , the more particularly , because 423 he thought it , proper , their being so many mercantile men in that house , and this being a mercantile question , that it should receive the sanction of the other house of parliament . said , if the house thought the act justifiable , it was wrong to say it should not be drawn into precedent ; and if it were not justifiable , it ought to be marked with censure . A bill of indemnity , in the present case , he conceived to be a matter of indifference