this result he ( lord Sidmouth ) , in opposition to his own wishes towards the individual , was constrained , from a sense of justice , to concur . Some of those who composed the privy council at 785 that time were among the most enlightened men of the age ; a noble lord at the head of the law in a neighbouring kingdom , and a learned judge , were of the number . What he was now stating was not mere matter of allegation , it was confirmed by the papers on the table of their lordships . After this that nimous determination , another report was prepared , and in this situation of thing the noble duke applied for permission to present a third memorial , that the privy council might review what they had so repeatedly decided . They assented to this proposition conditionally , and the condition was , that new facts alone should be produced under this new application . This additional memorial was then presented , and at this critical moment a change took place in the administration . The resolution of the privy council , under its new modification , was at last favourable to the family , and it was determined that the sum of 70,000l . given to the duke 's ancestor , was not an adequate compensation . In consequence of this , the affair was again brought before parliament , and the assent of his majesty had been notified ; but although the royal concurrence was announced , it was only declared in conformity to the established orders in such cases , and the matter was to be re-examined with the same caution and jealousy for the public interest as if nothing of that kind had transpired . The foundation then of any demand of this nature ought to be discovered , in not only the insufficiency , but in the gross inadequateness of the remuneration . Was there any ground for such a supposition ? The attorney and solicitor general ( one of whom now adorns the situation be at that time so honourably held ) had resolved , that the compensation was liberal . If the duke deemed it to be other wise , it was for him who sought the beneficial interposition of parliament to prove that it was insufficient . He would not pursue the track which had been so successfully followed by his noble and learned friend , or by the noble and learned friend , or by the noble marquis , but he would confidently assert , that not a shadow had been presented to his observation to vary the complexion of the case . The computation to which he had just adverted allowed thirty years purchase for the rental of the island , and no less a sum than 46,000l . for the royalty . Was this to be considered inadequate for such unprofitable honours ? He did not mean to derogate from true dignity . He was contemplating the subject merely in a pecuniary light , without being at all disposed to undervalue hereditary distinction . Was it 786 thought insufficient by the noble person to whom it was assigned ? Was it so supposed by the able advisers , whom he coned ? When speaking of the purchase , he was not permitted to include the annuity on the principle explained by the noble marquis ; but at least it might be referred to as indicative of the generosity with which he was treated , contrary to that parsimonious spirit which had been attributed to those concerned in the contract . Every maxim or discretion required that some satisfactory evidence . should be adduced before the subject was opened . Instead of this sort of testimony , heavy charges were substituted ; fraud was intimated , violence was more than insinuated by the operation of this bill ; but all this would be seen to be wild and illusive , when it was asserted , that parliament was the instrument of this fraud and oppression . It had been argued , that there was an increase of the