are appropriated to pay the debts of former years ; and those are circumstances which , if parliament had not been imposed on , it would never have sanctioned or consented to such a violation of its own privileges . Such a conduct , sir , I submit , was in the highest degree reprehensible , and if such attempts to impose on the house , by the production of false vouchers or false returns , be permitted , the consequence must be to destroy all confidence in the accounts stated by ministers . No transaction can be more repugnant to law : possibly it may be explained away a but until I have other proofs , I must agree with the opinion expressed by the commissioners in their report , that they see no reason why there should have been any departure from the usual form of proceeding , and resort had to such measures as these ; measures which , I believe , would never have been discovered , but would have remained for ever concealed from the house , had it not been for the talents and vigilance of the commissioners of naval enquiry . If it was possible that any such state-necessity could exist for two years , what becomes of the boasting statements made during that time to this house ? For , instead of the country being in that miserable state of exigency which called for such desperate expedients , the right hon . gent . constantly stated , in pompous language , that we had abundant resources to carry on the war in which we were enga- 61 ged . Whereas , it would now appear , we were in a state of poverty . I can suggest but one of two reasons that could actuate any minister in such a case ; namely , that either his estimates must have been short of the proper amount , or a part of the money voted for naval services must have been employed for the purposes of the army , or some other service ; and this too would be another instance of violation of the law , which strictly forbids the application of money , voted for one purpose , being appropriated to any other . How has it happened that money was not provided , when the navy bills are issued at three months , and therefore could not come by surprize ? —Sir , I think I have proved that there is ground to charge his majesty 's ministers in this case with a violation of the law , a misapplication of the public money , and a gross deception upon this house ; and unless the right hon . gent . can chew that I have . totally mistaken that report , and justify his own conduct , it must be plain that he has violated the constitution . At all events , I have shewn enough to prove the necessity of going into enquiry.—I have to complain , in the next place , of another violation of law , in taking from under the control of the lords of the admiralty those transactions , for the success or failure of which they only are responsible , and transferring them to that of the secretary of the lords of the treasury , who have no more to do with them officially than the lord chancellor . Sir , I will say , that any commands so given to any naval officer , not sanctioned by the first lord of the admiralty , ought not to have been obeyed . It has been settled by an order of council , as appears in page 499 , that all naval juries must be directed by the lords of the Admiralty , and any difference of opinion be ultimately subject to the control of the first lord ; all navy contracts , except for secret service , must be made under his direction . You will find , that 100,000l . has been raised by navy bills , for secret service , by the same illegal mode . But it must be obvious