do—would he have them pass whole days and nights in the ale houses drinking with the lads whom they wish to cajole into the service ? Is this the way in which he would wish the parish officers to pass their time ? and yet all this is in : et : sorry to recruiting . And if they did spend their time in this way , could they succeed as well as common recruiting serjeants ? A glowing description , given over the bowl , of all the pleasures , the adventures , the glories of campaign , coming from the mouth of a man who is supposed to have experienced them , raises the wonder of many a country lad , and excites in him an admiration of this serjeant , whom he believes to have performed his share of these heroic deeds : but , how would all this sound in the mouth of a peaceful church-warden ? In short , if parish officers are to set about recruiting in the ordinary way , they must begin by leading as idle and as dissipated a life as recruiting serjeants do ; and after all , they will but awkwardly attempt that which the other can perform with much more effect and address . And what extraordinary means have the former , which the latter do net possess ? —As to influence , and the power of persuading men to go into the army , it is impassible they can have any . But it will perhaps be said , `` no matter whether you can conceive the mean by which they are to raise men , the fact is they do raise them . '' If this was really the case , still I should repeat , for the same reasons which I before assigned , that these very men might , by a more judicious management , have been procured for the regular regiments of the 680 line : but the true state of the case is , that the parish officers have not raised any men ; and those which are returned as such , have in fact been procured by enormous high bounties paid by the parishes to crimps , and other professional recruiters . In the abstract of all the men raised under that act , which , in consequence of a motion of mine , has been presented to this house , it is stated that 3,999 had been raised by the parishes : and what particularly struck me , is , that of 2,498 men stated to have been obtained in Ireland , 2,292 are said to have been procured in that manner . My curiosity being excited by this apparent activity and success of the Irish parish officers , I mentioned it to a member for one of the Irish counties , who assured me that , during the recess , he had taken a very active part in carrying the act into effect in his country , but that not a single man had been raised by the parishes in any other way than that which I have mentioned , namely , by contracting with professional recruiters ; and that this was the case in all the other counties . It is therefore clear that this bill , as was predicted , has operated merely as a very partial and unjust method of raising money , and has been wholly ineffectual as a measure for obtaining any men who could not otherwise have been procured ; whilst the manner in which this call upon the parishes is made , has at the same time been the cause of continuing , those enormous bounties which the Army of Reserve Act had given rise to , and the abolition of which the right hon . gent . when he came into office , professed to be one of the great objects he had in view . For every man raised by the parishes under this act , they receive 141 from government : for every man of their quota that they fail to raise , they are fined 201. : it