is therefore clearly their interest to give any bounty short of 341. rather than suffer the fine : for if they give 331. bounty , 141. of which is repaid to them by government , the man costs them only 191. whereas , if they had not procured him , they would have been fined 201 . A further bounty of ten guineas is allowed to such men as shall volunteer from the limited service to the regiments of the line ; and therefore every man who comes into the latter through the medium of this parish army , may be computed to have cost the country 431. in bounty only . Under these circumstances , it is to be presumed that men , who have determined on going into the army , will , instead of taking the direct road , have sense and patience enough just to look in upon the parish army in their way , and take its bounty along with them ; 681 and then we are told wonders of the effects of this system of drawing men on by degrees to that , which if it had been proposed to them all at close they would have been afraid of venturing upon.—Another very serious consequence of this bill , to which I wish to draw the attention of the house , is the enormous and worse than useless expence which , exclusive of these high bounties , has been occasioned by the measures which government have adopted for the purpose of carrying this system into effect . There are at present no lest than 59 batallions , all complete in officers , allotted for the reception of these men . Nineteen of these batallions it appears were originally formed for . the purpose of receiving the men raised under the army of reserve act of 1803 , and were afterwards allotted for the reception of the men to he raised under this permanent additional force act , as it is called . Not content with this number , which might have been deemed at least sufficient untill the experiment had been tried , the right hon . gent . in his eagerness to provide room for the hosts that were to be poured in by his recruiting parish officers , did at one stroke create 40 new batallions , at an enormous and totally useless expence to the public , and to the great detriment of the army , which could not fail to be considerably deteriorated by such an unnatural promotion of officers , and by the call that was also made on it to furnish non commissioned officers for these new batallions . The expence of 59 batallions in ply of officers , agency , allowance made to the colonels for cloathing men who do not exist , and other regimental allowances , totally independant of the pay and cloathing of the effective men , amounts to upwards of 400,0001. per annum , every farthing of which would have been saved to the public if since the commencement of the war , government had gone upon 'the plan of not raising new regiments till the old ones were pretty nearly completed . But even admitting , which I do not , the policy of having some batallions of this sort , were not the 19 which the right hon . gent . found when he came into office sufficient ? —sufficient for every useful purpose , even in this point of view , they certainly were , as appears by-the returns ; —quite sufficient to receive a larger number of men than has been raised under this act , in addition to what they before contained . But they were not sufficient to display in all its force the beautiful theory of the right hon . gentleman 's new tangled military system ; since a prominent feature of that system is , that every regiment of the line shall have its fellow batallion in this new home army ; and for this 682 sole purpose 40 new batallions were created , the expence of which in the pay of officers , agency