of which 46,698 were abroad : on the 1st of June , 1805 , the gross amount . of cavalry , infantry , and militia of all descriptions , was 232,642 , of which 63,358 were abroad : so that the numbers at home in the first period were 173,720 , and in the second period 162,284 , being a diminution in the latter of 4,436 , and thus whilst , as I have before proved , the enemy 's means of attacking us in Europe have received a most powerful augmentation , ours , instead of encreasing , have actually diminished.—From all that I have said , it is , I think , abundantly clear , that whether with a view to our situation at home or abroad , . whatever reason there was for a parliamentary enquiry last year , when the right hon . gent . so strenuously supported it , that reason now exists in a still stronger degree ; and I am therefore entitled to his assent to the resolutions , which I shall presently propose.—The first of these resolutions is 'That it is highly expedient that the regular army should be kept up as nearly as possible complete to the establishment which has been provided for by parliament . ' This is a proposition which , in whatever light it be considered , seems to admit of no possibility of dispute If it be considered as expressive of an opinion that the number of men voted , in the army estimates of the present year was not greater than the exigencies of the war and the present state of Europe , render it , expedient for us to keep on foot , in support of my proposition as relating to that specific amount of force , I have the authority of ministers and of parliament ; for upon what grounds did the former propose , or the latter adopt , estimates for such an establishment , unless it was thought both expedient and practicable to keep it up . The amount of the sums voted and provided for by parliament for army services , is nearly 2,000,0001. sterling greater than it need have been , if there had been no necessity or intention of encreasing our effective force beyond its present amount . A great part of this sum , I mean that which was allotted for the daily pay of . private soldiers who are not effective , will of course be accounted for ; and therefore , although it must be admitted , that to allot to any branch of the public service so much larger a sum than is requisite , must be liable to many objections ; yet I allow , that in this 671 respect , namely , in what relates to the daily pay of the private soldiers , there is no actual loss to the public . In other respects however , there is a very considerable loss : for it must be observed , that the full establishment of officers and non-commissioned officers is always paid as complete , although the number of privates he ( as at present ) miserably deficient ; and the number and consequent expence of the former is therefore much greater in proportion to that of the latter , than it ought to be , and would he if the establishment and the effective strength of the army were not so widely different in amount . This is one source cat unnecessary expense arising out of that difference ; and another is , that although the sum voted for the daily pay of the privates is expended only for such as are effective , yet the sums voted for the cloathing , agency , & c. of each complete regiment is actually paid in full , without any reference whatever to the real number of men to he cloathed : So that in proportion as the effective strength of the regiment is below the establishment , the profits to the colonel , and unnecessary expence to the public is encreased . With a view to economy , therefore , it is