sorry to observe that an hon . officer ( general Tarleton ) to whom he could refer upon this subject , was not in his place . The right hon . gent . concluded with again expressing his regret that this business should have been brought forward so late in the session , his wish that it should be fully investigated , and his confidence that the result would completely justify the conduct of the Irish government . was about to address the house ; when rose and observed , that there was no question before the house , and therefore the hon . member would excuse him for this interruption . An hon . member had , by permission of the house , been allowed to be heard in exculpation of his own conduct against charges made against the government , of which , for a time , he formed a part ; but no other member could , according to the rules of the house , be allowed to speak on the subject , unless he had some motion to ground upon it . said , he had only one observation to make , and that was to congratulate the house upon the circumstance of the right hon . gent . having come forward to make such a statement . The sensibility which the right hon . gent . had manifested upon this occasion , was highly honourable to him , and it must be grateful to the house and the country to perceive that an important public officer was alive to the necessity of replying to a charge so serious as the oppression of a British subject . Who said there was at present no question before the house , and that the hon . gent . would have an opportunity to-morrow of explaining himself more fully . then moved the order of the day for the further consideration of the articles of impeachment , and suggested various trifling amendments in the preamble . The articles were then read over by the clerk one by one , and severally agreed to by the house without a dissenting voice.—Mr . Whitbread proposed an additional article nearly to the following purpose : — '' That , after the said 10th day of September , 1796 , when lord Melville was treasurer of the navy , the said Mr. Trotter did , with his lordship 's connivance or authority , place large sums of money in the hands of Mr. Mark Sprott , after taking such sums out of the Bank of England for the purpose of private emolument and interest , or for purposes other than naval purposes . '' The above article was read , agreed to , and added to the others , and the whole ordered to be engrossed . then moved , also , that a clause be ordered to be prepared for the purpose of reserving to the house of commons the liberty of exhibiting any other articles against lord Melville that may afterwards occur to them to be necessary , and that the committee already appointed to prepare the impeachment be allowed to prepare the said clause ; which was agreed to.—The hon . gent . then brought up the report of the said committee , relative to said saving clause . Their resolution was read , and agreed to , and the clause ordered to be added to the other articles.—Adjourned .