of resource , that instead of his majesty trusting to the house as the 59 proper channel for granting supplies , it was only necessary to issue a letter from the secretary of the treasury to authorize the raising of enormous sums upon navy bills . But , sir , my objection goes equally to small sums as well as large ; because if you admit a small sum to be thus raised to-day , a large one will be raised in like manner to-morrow . In the process of a little time , any sum , however enormous or unnecessary , may be raised by the crown , without the consent of this house . In this case , sir , it appears , that the order from the treasury issued on the 24th of October ; on the 10th of November the money was raised ; parliament sat the very next day , yet no communication whatever was made to this house . It is unnecessary for me to state what would have been the opinion of parliament in other times upon a proceeding of this sort . It is however clear , that the enormous sum I have stated has been raised without any application for the assent of the house of commons . It is sufficient for me to say , that this sum was raised at periods , during great part of which parliament was sitting ; and that no communication whatever was made . Now , sir , if it be not lawful for the government to raise money without the consent of parliament , will any man say this transaction is legal ? What , I ask , is the pretence to justify it ? State-necessity will , I allow , at times arise , that may authorize such conduct in a minister ; but it can not prevail for two years together , nor supersede the duty of communication to parliament . As the acts stands , it is illegal . All I ask , then , is , for the house to go into the enquiry , and let it be for those gentlemen on the other side of the house to shew the existence of any state-necessity , not by statements here , but by regular evidence before a committee . By law the crown is restricted from borrowing money for any purpose , even for paying debts , without the consent of parliament ; and here no new circumstance appears , for which a minister could not have been prepared to justify the measure upon the ground of exigency . But , sir , there is another circumstance of which I complain still more than of that which I have stated : for though I feel that , on the part of ministers , standing in the situation they do , it was a high violation of the law of the country , as I understand the report ( and I shall be glad to find I have misunderstood it ) ; 60 from the explanation I shall this day receive ( I allude to the manner in which they have paid away the money , and which , in my mind , is still more reprehensible than the mode of raising it ) ; it was surely their duty to have submitted the whole of the circumstances under which they acted to parliament , and the proof of necessity would have obviated all objections to complete indemnification . In page 449 of the Report , you find , by the question put to sir Andrew Snape Hamond , and his answer thereto , that those bills were issued for the purpose of raising money , and not for stores furnished , or actual services rendered , which would have been the only legal ground ; and in the next statement you find them stated as bills regularly issued for stores received and services rendered . This , sir , was a most gross imposition upon the house ; for instead of being issued to discharge debts to come due in the course of the current year , they