ordered to be built , the condition of those that were expected to be brought forward , and the state of the country even from the day when the definitive treaty was concluded , I can draw no conclusion whatever that can justify the alteration of opinion which took place in the mind of the noble lord , or that could in any degree supersede the necessity of resorting to the merchants ' yards . —It is clear that there was nothing , so far as we can see or conceive , that rendered the necessity of ships of the line less urgent at the time when the orders for resorting to the merchant builders were recalled , than there was but a fortnight before . I must therefore declare , that , in my own opinion , from the system which has been adopted of not haying recourse to the merchants ' yards , the greatest injury has been sustained by the navy of the country . There is besides , another circumstance that certainly could be of benefit to it ; for though it is of a very , different nature , it is nevertheless of so material importance , that I feel myself called upon to mention it . Soon after the correspondence to which I have adverted the comptroller of the navy was orderer to drop all communication whatever with the first lord of the admiralty . At this , circumstance I was , as your lordships may probably be , truly astonished ; for I am decidedly of opinion that the business relating to the affairs of the navy can not be expeditiously and properly conducted with 90 out very frequent communications between the comptroller and the first lord of the admiralty ; but it must be even more protracted if they be at all at variance ( lord St.Vincent nodded . ) Does the noble lord assent to this ? If he does , I would beg leave to ask him this question : If he could not have any communication with the comptroller of the navy , in consequence of any differences which might subsist between them , why was the comptroller allowed to remain in his situation ? Why was he not removed from his office ? This is the course which , in my opinion , ought most unquestionably to have been pursued ; for I am convinced that it is not possible for the first lord of the admiralty and the comptroller of the navy to conduct the business properly without frequently , fully , and intimately communicating together . It really is not within the compass of natural possibility . A man might as well attempt to walk without legs , to speak without a tongue , or to write without hands . So utterly impossible is it , that I am astonished how the , noble lord could think of dropping all communications with sir Andrew Hamond , and yet retain him as comptroller of the navy . The opinion which I have formed of the necessity of a free and intimate communication between the first lord of the admiralty and the comptroller , of the navy , is founded on the experience which I derived whilst I presided at the admiralty board.—Having thus trespassed on your lordships ' patience , I should be sorry to add any thing more than what may be absolutely requisite . Indeed I can not but regret that I have found it necessary to be thus long ( hear ! hear ! ) ; though circumstances , have compelled me , to state these facts for your lordships ' serious consideration , as in the situation in which I stand it was impossible for me altogether to refrain from saying something in answer to the accusations that . have been thrown out by the , noble lord who brought forward this motion , I have , however , endeavoured to compress . my observations as much as possible ; and I hope your lordships will ascribe the present trespass on your patience , rather to the particular , circumstances of the case