, allowance for cloathing , & c. amounts to about 350,000l . per annum over and above what would have been required for the pay and cloathing of all the men raised under this act , if they had been put into the 19 batallions that previously existed for limited service . And as the total number of effective men raised under this act , as stated in the returns , does not exceed 4,500 , they have cost about 801. per man in one year , exclusive of their pay and cloathing , and of the enormous bounties.—Considering this measure , therefore , in every point of view , its expence to the public , its inefficacy as a measure for raising men , its oppressive and unjust operation as a tax , and the injurious competition raised by it against the regular recruiting , I should feel that I had done the country and the army an essential service if , in the committee which I propose , it should be resolved to repeal that act.—After I had got rid of the right hon . gentleman 's parish bill , and before I proceeded to the investigation of the means of improving the constitution of the regular army itself , I should be desirous of pruning some other branches of our military system , by which it is overshadowed ; and with this view I should direct the attention of the committee to the Volunteer establishment , of which the right hon . gent . is so zealous an admirer , but which I have always thought the most absurd system that was ever imagined by any government for the defence and security of a great empire . I do not mean to say that we ought to trust to our regular army only ; I am very far indeed from estimating lightly the advantages to be derived from the exertions of a great proportion of the people properly and judiciously prepared to co-operate with the army for the defence of their country ; I have always carried my ideas of the value of such co-operation as far as any man of some experience and observation in military affairs can reasonably do ; but my opinion is , that all establishments of this sort should be made entirely subordinate to the regular army , that they should be so modelled and aranged that they could at no time and in no way interfere or come in competition with it , that their whole tendency should be to support and strengthen it . This is not the occasion to enter into any detailed explanation of the manner in which I should wish to constitute these subsidiary branches of the public force : nor am I so sanguine as to suppose that we could in the short remainder of the present session , completely digest and establish such a system as I allude 683 to ; but some of the defects of the Volunteer system are so glaring as to deserve our immediate consideration . And first , I must mention that abominable prostitution of military honours , titles , and distinctions , which have been so indiscriminately and profusely lavished upon men of all ranks and descriptions . The absurdity and mischievous tendency of it has at different times been most forcibly illustrated by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and I have never missed an opportunity of expressing my disgust at it ; but I can not let it pass without again reprobating it , as it deserves to be . What indeed can be so disgusting , what so likely to lessen the respect for the military profession , and what therefore more impolitic in the present times in particular , than this mockery ? Military titles were valued once as an honourable distinction in society . Old and meritorious officers , after long and hard services , were gratified and rewarded by obtaining the title of colonel . What must the disgust and mortification be now , at seeing persons who never quitted the safe and peaceful walks of civil life ,