the purposes of the said act . —Adjourned . asked whether any information was intended to be laid before the house , relative to the negociation with Russia . replied , that he was not authorized to make any communication on the subject . then gave notice , that on Thursday se'nnight , he should submit a motion to their lordships relative to the Russian treaty ; and their lordships were accordingly summoned for that day . The order of the day being moved for the house to resume the consideration of the charge against Mr. justice Fox , said , he rose in consequence of the notice he had given last night , to submit to their lordships a motion relative to the publication of the proceedings before the committee appointed to examine into the subject matter of the accusation against the learned judge ; and when he considered its importance , not only as it regarded that learned person , but the public at large , and the administration of justice , he scarcely could entertain a doubt of success . It was his object to urge the reconsideration of the evidence which had been given before the committee . He wished that the secret or select committee , or by whatever other name it was called , should be revived , with instructions to report the evidence of the witnesses . As many of the witnesses were to be re-examined , it would undoubtedly be of great utility to have that evidence known to their lordships . He confessed he had an ulterior object , which was the communication of the evidence to the parties at the bar . The ground on which he desired to have that evidence published was , that without it the parties would not stand on an equal footing ; the accused would not have the same advantage in making his defence as the petitioners would have in preferring their complaint . He had heard it said , that the law of England did not profess to put the accused and the accuser in the same situation . He was aware there must be some disparity with regard to their knowledge of the facts , but it was nevertheless greatly to be regretted when that was the case . It was consonant to the general spirit of the laws to put them on an equal footing . The difference in the present case was , that the accusers could put questions with reference to evidence , of which the accused must be completely ignorant . He contended , that it was the universal practice , that every person under accusation should have an opportunity , by cross-examination , of trying the credit of the testimony preferred against him . Of this advantage the learned judge was deprived . He laboured also under another inconvenience , he was tried by judges who had heard evidence which he had not heard , and had no opportunity of cross-examining . It was necessary that the learned judge 's counsel should have the means of observing upon the evidence given before the committee . His proposition , therefore , was , that he should be placed on the same footing , as to the means of his defence , with every other person 186 accused . He was not aware , that any rule or resolution of their lordships stood in the way of such a proposition . It could only be by the publication of every part of the evidence , that the ultimate judgment of their lordships could be satisfactory . There were two modes , either of which might be adopted ; the one was , to give the parties access to the papers ; the other was , to print them . He preferred the latter , and , consequently , he should conclude by moving , `` that the committee be revived , with instructions to report the evidence . '' observed , that it was unnecessary to enter into any . discussion upon the question . He was inclined to think , that the inconvenience on both sides which would