ultimate issue might be . Looking , therefore , at the present state of our affairs as compared with the past , it is manifest that the public force is now infinitely more inadequate to the services required of it than it was when the . right hon . gent . voted for the enquiry which I now propose : and as to the future , what possible ground is there for hoping that the state of our army will improve , or that , when the war becomes active , it will not rapidly fall off ? The right hon . gent . in answer to a question which I put to him before I gave notice of my present motion , declared that he had no new measures to propose ; and , judging of the probable future results of his present system by the ample trial it has already had , what can we expect from it ? what , I say , has hitherto been the result of all his boasted plans for the supply of the army ? Is it not proved in the manner of all others the most indisputable , namely , by a comparison of the official returns of the effective strength of the army at different dates ? is it not proved , I say , that , during a period in which we have had no loss of men by military operations , excepting in the East Indies only , the infantry , which wants nearly 40,000 men of its compliment , has absolutely gained nothing ? that the casualties 676 have at least equalled the number of men raised by all the multifarious modes of recruiting , —parish officers and all ? And let it be remarked , too , that a great proportion of the men that have been raised consists of new levies , which , before he came into office , had been set on foot by his predecessors.—And has he not , as his last resource , been obliged to have recourse to recruiting the army from the militia ; —from that militia which we have so often heard him declare ought to be held sacred , and which , before his ardent hopes of the wonderful effects of his famous parish bill , were disappointed , he would not upon any account consent to touch ? What reason , then , resulting from a comparison of our present state with that in which he last year voted for an enquiry—what reason resulting from any hope of the future that can reasonably be grounded upon the experience of the past , will any man , who did vote for that enquiry then , assign for resisting it now ? I really can conceive none , excepting , indeed , one , which the right hon . gent . himself will hardly avow , and which some of his colleagues would scarcely carry their complaisance to him so far as to concur in if he did , namely , that he is prime minister now , and that he was not in that situation then . But whatever a few of his friends may feel , the majority of the house , I trust , will not carry so far their blind confidence in a minister under whose management the country has been brought into a situation , beyond all comparison worse than it was at that time , when he himself declared it to be the duty of parliament to enquire into the state of the public force , and investigate the means of improving it.—But , sir , it may perhaps be asked of me , what , if the house adopted my motion , I should have to propose to the committee to do , with a view to remedy the evils of which I complain ? Sir , I do not know that it is incumbent on me to propose any thing . I have attempted to prove , that our present system is defective , inefficacious , and requires revision . If I have established that , as I think I