, which have been regularly discharged , was adopted for the purpose of averting consequences which might have proved highly injurious to the financial and commercial interests of the country ; and , although not conformable to law , appeared at the time to be called for by the peculiar exigencies of public affairs. '' —Mr . Lascelles afterwards obtained leave to bring in a bill of indemnity for the above transaction.—Adjourned . rose to make his promised motion , and spoke as follows : —Sir , 650 Before I enter upon the discussion of the topics connected with the motion of which I have given notice , it is perhaps natural for me to say a few words respecting the time at which it is introduced : and certainly , sir , I do feel that I should have great reason to apologize to the house , if I was conscious that any neglect or remissness on my part had been the cause of postponing to so late a period of the session , the discussion of subject , which , in my opinion , is , beyond all others , the most important that it is possible for parliament to deliberate upon . But , sir , I am not conscious , and I hope the house will acquit me of any such culpable neglect . My absence from parliament in the earlier part of the session was occasioned by a circumstance which , if I was to explain it , the house I trust would have the good nature to admit as a sufficient excuse . After my return , I lost no time in giving notice of this motion , and in calling for the papers that appeared necessary to the investigation of the subject . The production of these papers has been attended with delays far beyond what I had any reason to expect . Some of them , which were not printed till Monday , were then found to be incorrect ; and other necessary documents were not laid on the table till the day before yesterday . Without , therefore , imputing blame to others , I have a right to assert that none can be attributed to me . But although I am conscious that the very long delays and frequent postponements of this motion have not been occasioned by any fault or neglect of mine , I do not the less sincerely lament them : for even if my first object , namely , a committee of the whole house to examine into the state of our military establishments , should now be attained , it could hardly be expected that , without protracting the session far beyond its expected duration , it should immediately produce the whole of those beneficial consequences which might have been expected from it at an earlier period of the year . Many important reforms and improvements might , however , be introduced into our military system even during the present year , without any materially inconvenient protraction of the session ; although to remove all the defects which I think I see in it , and to introduce all the improvements which appear to me to be necessary , would certainly be a work of considerable time , and one that would require all the collective wisdom of the house . The house indeed has lately been told , though I own it was rather in a sneering manner , by a right hon . gent . on the opposite side , that from me they might expect this 651 day to have detailed to them a military system so complete , and so perfect in all its parts , that this great question , which has so long engaged their most anxious attention and solicitude , would now he set at rest for ever , and that from henceforward it would never again become necessary for them to take it into consideration . But the house , I imagine , does not expect quite so much ; and I certainly am not , and never have been actuated by any such presumpuous , self-sufficient