duke of Athol , & c. for his claims on the revenues of the Isle of Man . was well aware that the present moment was not the usual time to make any observations upon the bill , as it had only just been ordered to be printed ; but he rose merely to observe , that he and many noble lords now absent , might not think themselves justified with the evidence that might be brought from the house of commons , and therefore he wished now to enter his caveat against any objection that might hereafter be made against the production of other grounds of evidence ; and against any idea that the evidence taken before the commons , and being admitted by their lordships , should preclude any noble lord from moving for whatever documents he might deem necessary to throw light upon a measure that had been hastily taken up at the close of the session , and which to him appeared of considerable importance , whether it concerned an individual or the public . never intended , by making the present motion , to preclude any noble lord from calling for whatever additional information he might judge necessary to elucidate the nature of the question . observed , that there was nothing unusual or extraordinary in the motion ; it only requested the evidence taken before the house of commons , as a part at least of the grounds upon which that house might proceed ; but it never could be conceived of a nature to preclude any further evidence which any individual of that house might be inclined to move for . For his part , he knew nothing of the matter at present , but when it came to be decided upon , he should form his judgment from the whole of the evidence then before the house . shortly explained , and said , he wished to put in the claim he had alluded to , not only on his own part , but on those of some other noble lords then absent , who might wish to deliver their sentiments upon the measure—The question was then put , and the message ordered to be sent to the commons.—Adjourned . presented a petition from the noblemen , gentleman , and freeholders of the county of Kent , on the subject of the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry . Ordered to lie on the table.—The Dublin Paving Bill , the Spanish Red Wine Duty bill , the Pilchard Fishery Bounty bill , the Townleian Collection , the Straw plat and Hats duty bill , the Camberwell Water Works ' Bill , the Irish Infirmary bill , the Thames Tunnel bill , and Judge Fox 's Proceedings bill , were severally read a third time and passed.—The Chelsea Bay bill , the Irish Military Survey bill , the Irish Loan Amendment bill , the Sugar Drawback bill , the Glass Duty bill , and the Linen Duty bill , passed each through a committee ; to be reported to-morrow.—The committee on the Irish Paper Duty bill , the Irish Fire Hearth bill , the Irish Distillery bill , were read a second time ; to be committed to-morrow.—Mr . Hawthorn brought up the Report of the Padington Canal bill ; to be read a third time to-morrow.—Mr . Bankes brought up the Report of the Committee on the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum , relative to Grant of Public Money for the erection 724 of a Building to preserve the Townleian Collection.—The Returns respecting Grand Jury Presentments in Ireland , presented on the 26th of June last , were , on the motion of Mr. Elliott , ordered to be printed.—On the motion of admiral Markham , the several Accounts presented on the 7th and 28th of June , and on Monday last , relative to the Navy , were ordered to be printed.—A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had agreed to the St. Pancras Poor bill , and desired the house would communicate to their lordships the evidence on which they