has been on your lordships ' table during the whole of the session . Is it not therefore strange that its merits should have been but just now discovered ? I have not been so slow myself in regard to it , for I long since read it with great attention ; and having therein observed that a reference was made , in terms of approbation , to the mode of conducting business when sir Charles Middleton was comptroller of the navy , and that particular regret was expressed that a careful digest of the regulations for the conduct of the dock-yards 97 had not since been kept up ; I conceived that I could not better promote the interests of the navy , or the objects pointed out by the commissioners of naval enquiry , than by humbly entreating his majesty to issue a commission for the purpose of taking into consideration the reports of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and for examining into the reforms therein suggested , and reporting the best and most effectual means for carrying into execution all such as may appear to be useful and practicable . A commission was in consequence appointed , with sir Charles Middleton ( now lord Barham ) at the head of it , assisted by two able and respectable flag officers , and by two gentlemen whom sir Charles strongly recommended , from an experience he had had of their being eminently qualified , by their abilities and habits of business , to give substantial aid in promoting the objects intended for their consideration . The commissioners are now proceeding in the investigation of the documents referred to them , in which they have made material progress ; . and I have a perfect confidence that , in their hands , the objects which the noble lord may have in contemplation will be more speedily and effectually attained than they could be by a committee of your lordships . I hope that I shall not be misinterpreted by any noble lord in what I now say , as it is my particular wish to do full justice to the eminent and distinguished qualifications of the illustrious and noble persons , whose names are included in the list which the noble lord who made the motion has proposed . But those noble persons having many avocations , their attendance in the investigation of the business which he proposes to refer to them , can not consequently be expected during the recess of parliament.— But , with regard to the commissioners appointed by the crown , it will be their duty to pursue their researches until the objects , for which they have been selected , shall be fully accomplished.—Having submitted such observations as I had to offer upon the motion of the noble lord , I have no hesitation in declaring that I feel no anxiety as to its result . I shall therefore put no impediment in the way , but leave to the wisdom of the house to give it such countenance as your lordships may , in your judgment , think best calculated to promote the interests of the nation and the good of the king 's service . and spoke . to the 98 following effect : —My lords , the noble lord having thought proper to . go out of his way for the purpose of bringing charges against me , I trust I shall be justified in shortly trespassing upon your lordships ' attention , in order to repel those charges . The inconsistency the noble lord has so much dwelt upon , I can readily explain . I own the intention of contracting for as many 74-gun ships , of the smaller class , as the navy board could find fit merchant builders to undertake ; but when I was able to attend the board , it was shewn to me , that his majesty 's dock-yards were so lamentably unprovided with timber , that it would have been bad policy in the extreme , to have accepted any of the tenders for building ships in the river Thames , and