at the period alluded to . The hon . colonel was of opinion that such were our military deficiencies , that we could not avail ourselves of any opening that might offer itself for operations on the continent ; but should any opportunity really occur , arising from the efforts of those great powers who alone were able to combat the gigantic strength of France , a great part of our disposeable force might be detached to act in co-operation with them , leaving the country under the protection of the militia , the volunteers , and the remainder of the ' regular army , who would be 696 amply sufficient for its defence , secured as it would he from any danger of invasion , by the necessity which the enemy would feel to direct his exclusive attention to those parts of his own empire in which he was attacked . Admitting that our force , high as it now stands , does not stand so high as it could be wished , what could be more expedient than to permit the continuation of those measures , by which it had been so rapidly and material ! increased ? The bill introduced by his right hon . friend , had , under the most disadvantageous circumstances , produced above 10,000 men in the year . If the general and regular recruiting should go no higher than it had hitherto done , it would cover the casualties , and the operation of the additional force bill would be a net addition to our strength ; but there was every reason to expect , that the ordinary recruiting would rise much above the standard of last year . What it exceeded that standard so much would still be added to our force . It was impossible there-sore , with justice , to contend that this system was had or inadequate to the wants of the country . The hon . colonel talked of new schemes ; of these we had no practical experience , but we had practical experience of his right hon . friend 's system , and he earnestly dissuaded the house from tampering with that system or setting the question once more afloat . On a revision of the whole of the circumstances of the case , in comparing our present strength with our former , he saw no ground of charge against government ; but , on the contrary , it appeared to him , that they had done their duty , and acted on a system , which , without being injurious to other parts of the service , had very considerably extended the military strength of the country . Feeling , therefore , that there was nothing to warrant the going into a committee for the purpose of undoing that which in his opinion had been so well done , he should move the order of the day . wished to ask hon . gentlemen what they were afraid of , with 600,000 armed men at their back ? He could not conceive how gentlemen could talk in such a manner . He had seen the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer 's corps , the Cinque Ports , and he bore testimony to their spirit and discipline . He had assured general Johnston he would take an opportunity of mentioning it to parliament ; these were , most of them , laborious men , and went through manoeuvres , for a whole day , as well as any troops , and walked upwards of 18 miles home at night . He would ask then , 697 what men could do more ? he was a colonel of volunteers himself ; he had been once in the cavalry , and one thing or other for five and twenty years ; he was , to be sure , but a bad orator , but he knew gentlemen who were good orators and no soldiers.—The hon . gent . alluded to the hon . colonel 's animadversions on the appointment of Mr Birch , the pastry cook , to head a regiment of the London