Indies . If the commander of that squadron has done nothing more , if he has not got the absolute possession of the soil and property of our islands , he is deeply responsible to his own government for his weakness or cowardice , for if any English commander did so little with such a superior force , he would probably be called to a most severe account . Had the Toulon fleet sailed on the same destination , Jamaica and the most valuable parts of our West-Indian empire were still in the extremest danger , and yet there was no noble lord , who could pretend to say whether they had not sailed for the West Indies ; whether they were now in Cadiz , or whether they had ever returned to that port . His R.H. concluded an able speech in support of the motion , in which , both by general and detailed arguments , he shewed the propriety of earl St. Vincent 's conduct , to whom he paid very high eulogiums ; and pressed upon the house the justice and the necessity of going into committee of enquiry upon a subject so important to the feelings and character of that noble lord , of the house itself , and of the whole country . —My lords ; I feel it my duty to declare , that every thing I have heard confirms me in the opinion I at first entertained , that no . public advantage can result from the adoption of this motion . I at first entertained very serious doubts as to the propriety of laying before the house papers which I was convinced could not lead to any useful or practical purpose . I thought no charge had been , brought either against my noble friend 102 ( earl St. Vincent ) or against the noble viscount ( Melville ) ; I therefore did not feel myself called upon to consider , whether a larger or a lesser number of ships have been employed by one or the other , or how they were purchased or contracted for . My opinion on the subject of building remains unaltered , it has been already publicly expressed , and I see no occasion now to repeat it . There are two points to which I shall principally confine myself , the first is , to explain the apparent incongruity between the letter of lord St. Vincent to the comptroller of the navy , and the order immediately given for the increase of our fleets from the merchants ' yards . In the summer of the year 1800 , the noble earl , from motives highly meritorious , thought it necessary to visit in person the different dockyards in the kingdom . It was this visit and personal inspection that altered his opinion . He returned strongly impressed with the necessity of augmenting the number of ships of the line considerably , and , without any loss of time . Under this impression , he took every necessary step , he took every measure to increase the quantity of timber in the king 's docks as the materials for ship building ; but , as he saw that it was necessary to add as expeditiously as possible to the number of ships in the British navy , he was also obliged to contract for them elsewhere . As a proof of his zeal for the procuring a sufficient quantity of ship timber in the king 's yards , I need only mention that he had , for this express object , prevailed on a most considerable company ( the East India company ) to abstain from building large ships for two years . This was in itself a sufficient proof of his anxiety to diminish the price of ship timber , and to increase the supply . The , other point to which I am anxious to direct your lordships ' attention is , to some observations which have been made by my noble friend ( earl St. Vincent ) about the misunderstanding which prevailed between the comptroller of the navy board and the head