in commission when the late board of admiralty retired , thirty-five were built in those yards ; a stronger evidence of the wisdom as well as of the necessity of the measure , to which I have alluded , can not , I conceive , be adduced . I think I need not ask your lordships what would be the situation of this country if we did not now possess those ships.—From the year 1771 to 1782 , during the administration of lord Sandwich , greater exertions were made to increase the navy than at any former period ; for in the course of that time one hundred and fifty-five ships were built in the merchants ' yards , of which thirty-five were of the line . During the administration of lord Keppel , in 1782 and 1783 , thirty-four ships were built in the merchants ' yards , of which nine were of the line . From November to the end of December , 1783 , no ship of the line was ordered to be built either in the king 's or merchants ' yards . From 1783 to 1788 , there was profound peace , during which time no ships of the line were built in the merchants ' yards . From 1788 to 1792 , there was still peace . After which , from 1793 to 1801 , was a period of war , during which we find that the proportion of ships built in merchants ' yards to those built in the king 's yards was seventeen to five.—Thus we see , that during peace the building of ships of war has been confined to the king 's yards ; but that during war , recourse has invariably been had to the merchants ' yards , from which three-fourths of our ships have been obtained . These facts entitled me to conclude , that there never was a time of pressure occasioned by war , when the merchants ' yards were not considered the chief resource to which we had to look for keeping up our fleet.—Your lordships will thus perceive that I am not singular in the opinions which I have entertained , neither do I stand alone in the practice of employing the merchants ' yards for the purpose of building or even of repairing ships for the crown . No , I have done this in common with lord Sandwich , lord Keppel , lord Howe , lord Chatham , and lord Spencer ; and these are names that can not be mentioned without respect , neither can such authorities fail to add weight to any practice which they may have uniformly and invariably pursued . 86 But , my lords , this is not all : I am not only borne out by the opinions and the practice of the noble lords whom I have mentioned ; but I am even supported by . the authority of the noble lord himself who preceded me in office . I shall shortly stale to your lordships the grounds which authorise me to say so . The . noble lord is now present , and he can contradict me if I am wrong . Wrong , however , I can not be in . regard to the feets which I shall here state . Your lordships will judge of the inference to be drawn from them as you may think proper , and the noble lord can give such explanation of them as he may conceive to . be requisite.—Some communications it seems had passed between the first lord of the admiralty and the comptroller of the navy relating to the building of ships of war in the merchants ' yards . In one of these , on the 16th of December , 1802 , sir Andrew IIamond thought it his duty . to suggest to lord St. Vincent the propriety of condescending to keep the merchant builders in good humour , in case their services should be necessary . He afterwards wrote a letter to his lordship to the following effect `` Not having heard from your lordship on the subject of our conversation