that report came from au authority which could not be questioned , he thought it peculiarly incumbent on the house to look narrowly into the subject which was now before their consideration . When the immense amount and value of the stores which were annually supplied for the navy were taken into consideration , it was evident that the most enormous and 100 incalculable abuses might prevail , if those who were at the head of the navy did not discountenance them as much as possible , and endeavour to detect them . In this he thought at least the naval part of those who managed the navy should lend their assistance to the first lord of the admiralty . He thought that his noble friend ( earl St. Vincent ) when in office , ought to have had the assistance of the navy board , and of the comptroller of the navy . He thought that in time questions respecting the dock-yards , he should at least have had the assistance of the deputy comptroller of the navy , who had himself worked as a shipwright ; he , however , had understood that his noble friend had by no means met with that co-operation that he might have expected . He should now consider the question of the building ships for the navy . The royal navy of England now consisted of a tonnage of 530,000 tons , of which , to the honour of this country , 114,000 had been captured from the enemy . Of what remained , no less than 260,000 had been supplied by contract . It would therefore appear , that but a small proportion indeed had been built in the king 's yards . The number of shipwrights , however , who were in the king 's yards bore a very great proportion to the whole number in the kingdom . In all England the , number of shipwrights were only stated at 5200 , and in the king 's yards alone , 2800 of them were employed . He could therefore very well suppose , that when the merchant-yards had been able to furnish such a number of ships , the king 's yards employing no less than 2800 shipwrights , might easily equip ten sail of the line annually , in addition to the repairs which our ships might want . His majesty 's dockyards employed a sufficient number of hands , and if there were not docks and slips enough , it would be easy to make more . It appeared to him that it ought to be in the king 's yards that the king 's navy should be built . The noble viscount ( Melville ) had spoken with an air of . triumph of the number of small craft that had been built under his administration , and of the great superiority we had over time enemy 's flotilla at Boulogne . He looked upon the flotilla . with great contempt ; but if the noble viscount thought it sufficient to appeal to the superiority of our fleet off Boulogne , as a proof of the goodness of his administration of the department of the navy , he should ask , whether that su- 101 periority was more decided now than it was under the administration of the noble earl ? Could the noble viscount pride himself equally on the protection of the other interests of the empire ? Administration had been informed , or they ought to have been informed , that the West Indies was the destination of the enemy 's fleets , and yet they left the West Indies without any adequate protection . It was not possible for them to be deceived by the reports we had heard of something going forward between this country and Russia . They had persevered in the system of blockade , but without preventing the enemy 's fleet from putting to sea ; they had received considerable sums for secret services , without learning any thing about the motions of the enemy , and the Rochefort squadron had been for six weeks triumphant in the West