Bankrupts entitled to Privileges 191 of parliament . Read a first time , to be read a second time on Thursday.—A person from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland presented a copy of all correspondence between the directors general of inland navigation and , the directors of the grand canal in Ireland . Referred to the committee appointed to consider of the state of the grand canal in that country.—Sir John Stewart brought up the report of the committee on the message of the lords relative to the attendance of lord St. Vincent , to be examined before the committee on the papers relative to Sir Home Popham . The report of the answer to their lordships ' message , drawn up by the committee , was agreed to , and sir John Stewart appointed to bear the same to their lordships.—The message of the lords of yesterday relative to the attendance of sir J. Stewart , bart . and the right hon . sir John Stewart , bart . on their lordships , to be examined touching the case of Mr. justice Fox , was taken into consideration ; when permission was given to these hon . members to attend their lordships , if they think fit ; and Mr Vansittart was ordered to signify the same to their lordships.— A petition of several ship owners of North and South Shields and neighbourhood , was presented to the house , by Mr. Burdon , and read ; setting forth , `` that the greatest quantity of shipping employed in the coal trade from the river Tyne to London belongs to the towns abovementioned ; and that the petitioners , from the depressed state of the shipping interest in general , have lately memorialized the lords of the committee of privy council for trade , respecting the too liberal employment given of late to foreigners , to the prejudice of the petitioners and others who have embarked their capitals in shipping ; but they are not less alarmed by perceiving an intention to introduce coals into the metropolis by means of inland navigation , a measure fraught with the greatest evils ; and therefore praying , that the house will not pass into a law any bill that may be brought in for introducing coals into the capital by means of inland navigation . '' Ordered that the said petition do lie upon the table.—A petition of the freeholders of the county of Southampton , convened by the sheriff at Winchester , on Thursday , the 16th day of May 1805 , was presented to the house , and read ; setting forth , `` that the votes of the 192 house on the 8th and 10th days of April last , founded upon the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , deserve the gratitude and confidence of the petitioners , and of the whole country , and the petitioners request the house to proceed , in the spirit of those votes , in their future investigation of the flagrant abuses brought to light by the report of the commissioners of naval enquiry ; and that to the commons in parliament the petitioners look up with a confident hope and just expectation , that they will not only not relax in their enquiries into all abuses and culpable irregularities in the management and expenditure of public money , but that they will also take especial care that the very heavy taxes levied upon the people , and hitherto cheerfully contributed by them , shall be wisely and frugally expended . '' Ordered , that the said petition do lie upon the table.—The report of the committee on the Spanish Wine Duty bill was brought up and agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Tuesday.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the improvement of the harbour of Howth , when their resolution that a sum not exceeding 10,000l . Irish currency should be appropriated to that purpose was agreed to ; and the report of the committee on the conveyance of coals by the Paddington canal