that , they would take care that the ground on which it was called for was imperative upon them ; that they had hardly a choice whether they should go into the enquiry or not ; and he would confess freely , that some of the papers referred to were of such a nature , that he was sorry they were asked for at all . The question then came to this , was there any .necessity , or matter sufficiently important laid before the house to induce their lordships to adopt this motion ? The principal 106 points which had been dwelt upon , and which had been most disputed were , on the expediency of building ships in the king 's dock-yards , or of having recourse to the aid of merchants ' building . He did not feel much confidence in his ability to form a correct opinion upon such a subject ; but he believed it would be found the true policy of this country to build as much as possible in the king 's dock-yards , but that it was impracticable to build all our shipping there , and that government must have recourse to the assistance of the merchants ' yards in that respect . Since then , it was impossible to do altogether without that help , the question reduced itself a considerable degree ; and he would then ask , whether what had been done in this respect called for the enquiry of a committee ? The subject was of considerable difficulty , as a question to what degree government should contract with merchants for building ships , either to the house itself or to a committee , to form a correct opinion upon it ; but that did not necessarily call on their lordships to institute this species of investigation ; and here he wished the house to consider , that three years ago an act passed the legislature to enquire into naval abuses , and there were now upon their lordships ' table , and also on the table of the other house of parliament , reports of the committee proceeding under that act . These reports contained much important and valuable information ; and in consequence of the reports of that committee his majesty had been-advised to institute another commission to enquire into abuses which may be existing , and to provide such remedies for them as shall appear expedient , with a view to the improvement of the different departments , and all other matters connected with our naval service . It appeared , then , the commissioners were in the course of entering into further investigation of all these matters , for the purpose of finding out remedies for any abuses which may be found to exist . He thought it was unnecessary to say more than this as an objection to the present motion . As it was under an investigation in another quarter , it would be more expedient , and , as he thought , more becoming for the house to wait until their lordships saw the result of the enquiries already instituted , before they went into another . He submitted to the house , whether their lordships did not think the commissioners to whom he had alluded were more likely 107 to investigate the subject thoroughly than the committee now proposed ; and that that system was more likely to lead to a practical conclusion than that proposed by the noble earl ? He was confident their lordships would not agree to this motion , unless they saw for it a pressing necessity ; he submitted there did not appear any such necessity , that no case was made out , no parliamentary ground laid for this motion , and therefore , whatever might be their lordships ' opinion of the existence of abuses , or of the application of remedies to them , they were in the course of investigation , and which was a much more expedient mode than the one now proposed by the motion of the noble earl . was of opinion , that there was nothing in