. Can it be possible that this despotic power could have had an existence in right , and none of these persons whisper in the lord 's ear that he was imposed on ? can any man believe that they would all be parties in a robbery of the lord ; and not merely of the lord , but of themselves ? The rates of 1692 , appear to have been imposed ; not by the lord singly , but by the lord and council : what could induce the council to combine with the Keys against the lord by whom they were appointed , to deprive him and themselves of power unlimited , but legal ? —Decisive evidence has , I think , been given , that this right of arbitrary taxation never resided in the lord . But if there were a doubt , a fit occasion offered when the commissioners were on the spot , for its solution . At the proper time , in the proper place , and before competent judges , his grace of Atholl did not think it convenient to institute this enquiry . Sir , I must infer , and any man must infer , he did not , because he knew it would be decided against him.—But admitting for a moment the arguments adduced against this odious claim not to be satisfactory ; that the evidence on either side was balanced ; still I should hope this house must come to a decision favourable to the Keys . It is probable , the practice in this island must have been analogous to that in the surrounding kingdoms . In ours , I deny there ever existed a right to tax the people without their own concurrence.—Some modern historians attempt to fix the period when representation began . Vain the attempt ! It was not the gift of an Henry or an Edward . From our Saxon progenitors we derive it ; and coeval with our representation was the right in the popular assembly to grant or to with- 226 hold taxes from their sovereign.—Such a claim as the present seems at war with the very fundamental laws of society . And here , sir , let me appeal to the authority of one , whose name gives weight to all he has written ; to whom the general admission of his own and every succeeding generation , has allowed a place amongst the most enlightened of men . The works of this great man have been thought worthy the particular attention of a prelate , as distinguished by his piety , as he was eminent by his learning and talents . Presiding over one of the colleges at Cambridge , he encouraged the study of the work to which I allude , as the best foundation for the forming pure public principles . Often has he to me inculcated the utility of its frequent perusal ; and happy I am in this opportunity of expressing my veneration for the memory of this worthy prelate ; my gratitude for his kindness ; and the pride I feel in claiming him as my relation . I allude to Locke 's immortal treatise on government , as edited by bishop Law . `` If any one , '' he says , `` shall claim a power to lay and levy taxes on the people by his own authority , and without consent of the people , he hereby invades the fundamental law of property , and subverts the end of government ; for what property have I in that which another may by right take when he pleases to himself ? —But to return to the labours of this committee ; they have asserted , sir , that the intervention of the Keys was confined , in all instances but one , to matters of internal regulation . Extraordinary assertion ! look at their own evidence . On the 3d August , 1711 , you find an act of Tynwald for `` preventing frauds in her majesty 's customs ; '' this is an insular mischief-act which originated in the suggestion of custom-house officers