on Thursday the 16th instant , respecting the merchant builders , I can not help feeling anxious thereupon , and therefore take the liberty of writing to your lordship this letter , to prevent any unnecessary- delay , not having had any communication with them on the subject . `` —This letter was written on the 28th of December , 1802 , and the day after , the noble lord returned this answer : — `` Rockets , 29th December , 1802 . Sir ; It must be fresh in your recollection that I have seldom conversed with you on any subject , without introducing the urgent necessity of entering into contracts for building as many seventy-four gun ships as you could find fit persons to undertake , in every part of the kingdom ; I can not therefore refrain from expressing considerable surprise at the favour of your letter to me of yesterday , which requires that I should repeat in the strongest terms the opinion I have so frequently given . I am , & c. ST . VINCENT . `` —This letter , my lords , evidently can bear but one interpretation . The noble earl 's sentiments are most strongly expressed , and his opinion is given in the most unequivocal manner.—Is it then possible , my lords , after this , that any man can say , that to 87 the other eminent names which I have already mentioned , I am not to add that of lord St. Vincent , who , by his own letter , so strongly recommends the very practice which the noble lord who brought forward the motion has condemned in me ? For here is evidence that lord St. Vincent ordered ( and with a pretty sharp rebuke to sir A. Hamond ) that contracts should be made for building as many seventy-four gun ships as could be undertaken in any part of the kingdom.—Is it then reasonable that I should be condemned for what has been the uniform practice of my predecessors for these thirty years past , not even excepting the noble earl himself , in so far at least as his practice can be collected from his opinion and orders here expressly given.—But immediately after these orders had been given , it happened that the first lord of the admiralty absented himself on account of indisposition ; and those to whom he left the conduct of the business , during his absence , 'do not appear to have entertained exactly the same opinion on the subject as that which the noble lord conveyed in his letter to sir Andrew Hamond.—In consequence , however , of this sharp rebuke , sir Andrew lost no time in advertising for contractors to build some seventy-four gun ships . A fortnight only had however elapsed , after he had received the letter from lord St. Vincent directing him to proceed , when , to his great astonishment , the board of admiralty informed the navy board , that the measure could not be allowed ; that contracts were not to be made ; that no ships of the line were to be built any where except in the king 's yards , and that the use of the merchants ' yards Should be entirely discontinued.— Is it to be supposed , my lords , that the board of admiralty would have ventured to give an opinion , and . issue orders so diametrically contrary to those which had been issued by lord St. Vincent , without his concurrence and authority ? No , certainly not . I take it for granted that the board acted under his sanction . Admitting this to be the fact , I can not , my lords retrain from confessing that the inconsistency and contradiction are beyond my comprehension . They are such as I can . not Oven attempt to explain ; for I am sure that the attempt would be vain . To what is it possible to ascribe this total and Complete alteration of opinion which took place in one fortnight ? The noble earl may possibly be able to assign some