of the admiralty . I agree with the noble earl , that the intercourse between them should rather be official , formal , and by written documents ; but when I make that distinction , I am sure the noble earl must agree with me , that it is very desirable to have a good understanding between them . Indeed , it is necessary that a good understanding and confidence should subsist between all who are colleagues in office . During the period that 103 the noble earl presided at the admiralty , I regretted much that the harmony and confidence which was so much to be wished for , did not exist between him and the comptroller of the navy . I wished most anxiously to have it restored ; but when I had reason to suppose that it was impossible , I offered to lend myself to put an end to the connection , which could no longer subsist with mutual confidence and satisfaction . I always thought that connections ought to be dissolved , which could not be continued with harmony or mutual confidence . The noble earl , however , notwithstanding their disagreements , has always spoken to him of the comptroller with kindness and benevolence . Returning to the subject immediately before your lordships , I still argue , that no parliamentary ground has been advanced for the committee . I know that there exists a firm determination to enter into a strict examination of all abuses in whatever department they way be found . I feel it to be my duty to state to the house , that it is the wish and intention of his majesty 's present ministers to give effect to all the salutary regulations pointed out in the various reports of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and to reap the full benefit of all their proceedings , I am conscious , that whatever is negligent and corrupt will be amended , and if I were not conscious that such was the disposition of the right hon . gent . at the head of affairs , and his colleagues , I never would have consented to become a member of the same administration . There is only one circumstance in the course of the present discussion , that I find myself under the necessity of regretting , and that arises from my vote being contrary to the wish expressed by my noble friend ( earl St. Vincent ) for going into the proposed committee . I have so high an esteem for his eminent character , that I must lament this difference of opinion ; but I can not forget that I am discharging a public duty on this occasion in voting against the motion , not perceiving any advantages likely to result from its adoption . said , that the noble lord who had just sat down ( lord Sidwouth ) seemed well disposed to defend the measures of the noble earl ( St. Vincent ) in argument , and to give him fair words , although he would not give him his vote . The noble earl , however , had not been as fortunate as he in getting again into office . 104 Those who found out the abuses , and those who confessed them , had all ( except the noble earl ) got again into power , and held forth the same lofty promises to the country which had been so often repeated . He did not see how the former promises had been realized , or what grounds there were for relying more upon the present . it was not , however , by assertions , either on the one side or the other , that parliament Ought to be satisfied , but by a regular and formal enquiry in a committee . The question was not , whether ships were ever to be built in merchants ' yards , but whether the present administration had not gone to a greater extent in their contracts than was warranted by the necessity of the times . In the year 1803 , it was calculated that