. I hope , sir , the same srcupulous regard for that law and that constitution , will operate also in this case , and that no minister will be allowed to violate either . I shall now move you , sir , `` that a select committee of this house be appointed to take into consideration the eleventh report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and report their opinions thereon to the house . '' said , it would not be necessary for him to trouble the house long , as he was so far from wishing to oppose the enquiry proposed by the hon . and learned gent . that the appointment of a committee for that purpose was the object of his particular desire . He was sure the result of the enquiry would be , to explain the matters referred to by the hon . and learned gent . in a manner perfectly satisfactory to the house ; and it was the more necessary these matters should be so explained , as the hon . and learned gent . had had room so completely to mistake them . He could not , however , agree to the motion in its whole extent , because that part of the report which related to secret service could with propriety be referred only to a secret committee . Whatever was not of that nature , he was ready to allow to go to a select committee . As it might be inconvenient that two committees should sit at the same time on the same subject , the same witnesses being likely to be examined by both , and perhaps to be wanted by both at the same time , he should recommend , that the committee for the general matter be instituted first , and when that committee should have made its report , the committee for the secret matter may be appointed . Though he agreed thus generally in the objects of the motion , he could , not help offering some observations On what had fallen from the hon . and learned gent . First , as to the idea that issuing fresh navy bills to renew others , or to raise money to pay them off tending to nothing else then a suspension of parliament , the 64 sittings of which it would render unnecessary , striking at the same time at the vitals of the constitution , he had to observe in the first instance , that this was not the opinion of the commissioners of enquiry , whose diligence , talents , and integrity , were so much commended by the hon . and learned gent . They were satisfied with saying , that they did not suppose the practice arose from any indirect motive , though it was irregular . The hon . and learned gent . had argued with more eloquence than was necessary , on a point which nobody could be inclined to dispute , that it was the duty of kings and their ministers to govern according to law . But the hon and learned gent . had overlooked the practice that had so long prevailed from session to session , on the necessity inevitably felt of incurring a navy debt from year to year , for services not provided for in the year preceding . This practice had been long recognized and had never been complained of . A measure which he had the honour to recommend , had rendered the issue of these , navy bills more economic , and had been the means of saving millions to the country in the last war . This was the system of paying all bills at the day , for if money was not ready to pay thus ; the credit must of course be impaired . The reasons why the navy debt grew up were various , arising from the nature of the service , and the manner in which it was provided for . The house voted a certain number of seamen , which was made the ground of a rough charge under all the different heads