justifiable , but meritorious in a great degree . All the evidences agree as to the distress which prevailed among commercial men at that period , arising from the scarcity of money , the impossibility of rendering securities of any kind available , and the ruin then impending over , and which shortly afterwards did fall upon some of the most respectable commercial establishments . At such a crisis could the hon . gent . have acted otherwise towards a house so intimately connected with the government , using , as they did , the precaution to to take ample security for the accommodation they extended to that house ? But the right hon . gent . was censured for not having applied for a bill of indemnity : that certainly would have been more regular . Let , however , gentlemen call to recollection the different circumstances which occurred to 412 prevent that application , he was persuaded they would see no great cause for censuring the negligence of the right hon . gent . in that respect . The hon . member , who moved the resolutions , thought there would be no great difference of opinion as to the resolutions . In that he could not concur with him . He could not agree with him as to his mode of stating the facts ; and in the last resolution he did not think there was that positive expression of the exigency of the country , at that period , which , to the knowledge , he believed , of every man in the house , existed to a very great degree . He would , therefore , move an amendment , by proposing to put the previous question on all the resolutions but the last in the place of which , with the leave of the house , he would substitute one he had prepared . The hon member then read the resolution , which was in substance , `` That the advance of a loan of forty thousand pounds to the house of Boyd and Co. though not strictly conformable to law , was highly expedient in the existing circumstances , and attended with the most beneficial effects . `` —On the question being put , rose , just to make a single observation . He wished to know whether this was a case on which it would be proper for him to withdrawn . The resolutions proposed contained nothing of a criminating nature , and the hon . gent . who proposed them had disclaimed any intention of moving them with a view to criminate him . But upon referring to a former case , when resolutions of a criminating tendency had been proposed he observed an entry made , that the member , after concluding what he had to say in his defence , then withdrew . It was for the house to determine , whether the present was a case in which he should adopt a similar course.— ( A general cry of no , no . ) stated , that it would be for the house in its wisdom to decide ; but as the resolutions were not of a criminating nature , it was his opinion that the case was not such as to require the right hon . member to withdraw . said , in reference to the observation of the right hon . gent. , it was undoubtedly for himself to consider whether it would be proper to retire . But it did not appear to his mind that there was any thing in the resolutions proposed by his hon . friend of such a criminating nature , with respect to the right hon . gent. , as to bring his case within the precedent alluded to 413 Before he entered into the subject of the debate , he begged leave to advert to what had fallen from the hon . gent . under the gallery ( Mr. Lascelles ) . That hon . gent . had stated that his hon . friend had materially altered his tone since the first time this transaction was brought under the