was incompetent in his military character to command officers of inferior rank ? How was it to be avoided ? where there were a number of men , there must he subordination in rank . He saw no reason for jealousy in the regular army at the manner in which volunteer officers were promoted to rank , nor did he see how that system could be avoided . He should not be ashamed to take the command of a company of volunteers any more than of the best regulars in the service , so well did they conduct themselves in general . could not conceive how it was possible for any man to figure to himself that men could be procured for life with equal ease as they might be had for a limited number of years . In the one view it must be obvious to the person enlisting that he had an option ; in the other , that he had none . It would be always in his power to change his service for a limited number of years , to a more extended service ; but he could not , vice versa , change a service tor into one of a shorter endurance . It was not in nature , therefore , that he should not like the one be 699 ter than the other . Such , likewise , was the system in every other kingdom in Europe . It was a system of economy , as well as the only probable one which promised to be effectual . The price at which men could be obtained would be so much less , as amply to compensate the loss of more frequent recruitings , or rather those increased provision ; for soldiers , as would engage most at the expiration . of their term to enter afresh . The honourable . member then proceeded to take a view of the different descriptions of force at present in the service of this country , and contended , that by the diversity jumble was occasioned , which made it difficult , if not impossible , to come at the actual statements ; as the apparent increases were not in reality so , but were transfers from one part of our force to another . He particularly dwelt on the immense promises , but trifling effects , produced by Mr. Pitt 's bill , Now it was admitted , even by the noble lord who had spoken to-night , that it had completely failed , and he contented himself with arguing , that , at all events , it could do no harm . This was a dreadful falling off from what was at first professed . Yet still the noble lord , averse even now to give up the bill , begs hard for a little longer trial . He shews what it produced during the last week , and calculating on a similar number yet for every week of the year , again argues that it has not had a sufficient trial . This reminded him of an apothecary whom he once knew , and of whom it used to be observed , that whenever any of his medicines was complained of by a patient , as not agreeing with him , he never failed to exclaim `` try it again . '' It had hen said , that the greater slumber of persons were interested in the recruiting the better it would go on , and that on this principle the bill was good for something , as it set 20,000 recruiters at work all at once . But it must be remembered , at the same time , that these men were not limited in the bounty ; they might extend it to any sum not exceeding 341. a man ; and therefore , instead of talking of these parish officers as 20,000 assistants , ( or whatever the number was added , to the ordinary recruiters , ) it was more just to describe them as 20,000 additional competitors in the market . assured the house that he would not long detain them