means of rendering our military force more adequate to the exigencies of the war.—But , if the danger has encreased abroad , let it not he supposed that it is diminished at home . From every circumstance of our situation , and all that has passed within these last twelve months , I am warranted in asserting the contrary : and even independant of every other consideration , it is evident that the attempt to avert or to repair the mischief with which we are menaced out of Europe , must in its immediate consequences end to a diminution of our security at home , unless accompanied by some effectual measures for adding to the general mass of our military strength . Every operation of this sort must necessarily have that effect ; and , as government has not proposed any means for procuring to the army 665 such a permanent supply as shall enable it to bear these drafts , we shall shortly find ourselves with a greatly diminished force at home , whilst that species of danger against which this force was to protect us , I mean the danger of the invasion of England or Ireland will consequently have encreased.—And here I can not avoid saving a few words Upon the question of invasion generally . I was one of those who at the commencement of the war thought it very probable : I had strong opinions upon the subject ; I took frequent opportunities of expressing them in this house ; and I feel no reason whatever to regret the part I then acted . but on the contrary I look hack upon it with great satisfaction . I confess , however , that I was mistaken in my conjecture , for it could only be conjecture , of the enemy 's intentions . I thought that an enemy so enterprizing , having an immense army completely ready for the field , and plenty of excellent transports in Holland , Flanders , & c. at command , would have risked the attempt before we had time to equip and to man our dismantled fleet , to recruit our disbanded army , and to manufacture the arms which our insufficient arsenals could not supply to that mass of the people who were willing to come forward in defence of the country . I thought the enemy would have attempted to decide the war by a sudden attack partaking of the nature of a surprise ; and I am happy that I was mistaken.— The enemy having decided upon a different mode of proceeding , it then became evident that considerable length of time would be necessary for him to make his preparations for this more systematic and more regular species of attack.—These preparations have at different and no very remote periods been described in the strongest possible terms , by the right hon . gentleman now at the head of administration , as being immense in their extent , most formidable in their nature , and so advanced in their progress to maturity as to require the most no remitting vigilance and the utmost degree of exertion on our part . In his majesty 's speech too at the opening of the present session , which we of course , consider as proceeding from that right hon . gentleman , we were told , and from what is daily passing we are convinced , that these preparations have ever since been industriously carried on ; and there does not appear to he any better reason now , than there was at any former period , for supposing , that such vast and expensive equipments are intended for nothing more , than to amuse the people of France or to alarm us . I am also sure that there is no 666 other reason for supposing the danger of invasion to be less than it was before he came into office ; for in Europe , as well as out of it , the enemy 's means of offence have encreased in a greater proportion than our means of defence . I am therefore sorry to find that