motive ; nor had he any other object than to render justice to those who should be found to have deserved well of their country , and to discover and bring to account those whose conduct had been of the contrary tendency . The papers for which he had already , and might hereafter move upon this subject , were for the purpose of enabling the house to form a comparison between the conduct of the late and present board of admiralty , and to ascertain which had acted most meritoriously for the public service . Whether that board had acted most wisely and efficiently for the public defence , who had dismissed from the public service a number of useless ships which crowded , without strengthening our navy ; which declined the giving contracts for ships to the merchant builders , and preferred the building of our vessels of war in the king 's yards ; which dismissed useless and ineffective officers and artisans , and employed only those that were active and efficient ; which directed investigation into abuses and peculations in the various departments of his majesty 's dock-yards , and put a stop to the most flagitious and profligate system of profusion and waste of the public money ; or that board 'of admiralty , which reversed this system , and by giving contracts for ships to the merchant builder , increased the number , but most materially impaired flit strength of our navy , by crowding ; .it with 74 ships at an . enormous expence , but absolutely , useles to the service . The papers now on their lordships ' table , consisting a the reports of commissioners appointed by the other house of parliaments , abounded . with strong instances , and laid before their lordships sufficient parliamentary ground , to shew the necessity of going into the enquiry . In looking over those papers , one of the first objects that struck his . mind , was the purchase of some ships of war from the merchant builders , at the enormous rate of thirty-four pounds per ton ; some of which , nevertheless , so far from being serviceable to the navy , or adding to its strength , were absolutely useless . He would select two for the present , and the house would be best able to judge , from the report of the officers appointed to command them , whether or not they were of use to the service . The one was called the Hindostan , and was attached to admiral Russell 's squadron ; and he would read from the report a letter for the captain commanding that vessel , his opinion of his fitness and efficiency ; the other was called the Mediator , of which the house would also be enabled to judge from the letter of her captain . The noble lord read the letters from the captains of both ships ; . from which it appeared that both were so ill built , so utterly disproportioned in their masts , rudders , ropes , rigging , and guns , and so high above the water , as to be totally unmanageable and unfit for service . They were both under fifty guns , and yet they cost the government as much as seventy-four gun ships built in his majesty 's dock-yards ; and , what was still worse , some ships of the , line were actually stript of a principal part of their crews to man those useless vessels ; and thus the means of our defence , instead of being strengthened , was considerably weakened , and our navy reduced to a state much below what it was at the time when a noble lord sat at the head of that department , who retired from office , and who had been , by certain persons to whose proceedings he was not friendly , censured for his conduct in directing the affairs of the navy , which , in his ( the noble speaker 's ) mind merited the universal approbation and gratitude of the country . What he