from the question which they seemed so anxious to come to , but he was sure they would feel it was the bounden duty of his ; situation not to stiffer a misrepresented statement of our real disposable force to pass unanswered , and to impose upon the he use and the country , and 700 in doing so he would he studiously short and concise . The hon . member who spoke last ( Mr. Windham ) complained that there was no distinct account of the increase of British infantry , but that all was so blended and confused with foreign corps , that no precise idea could be formed of what he regarded , as our real and material strength . I beg his attention then while I state , that not a man of Maltese or Ceylonese , not a man of Brunswick or Canadian fencibles abroad , or of the German legion at home , but the actual return of British infantry , such as they were at the beginning of this year , and such as they are at the moment I speak . The state of the army , exclusive of foreign and provincial corps , en the first of January 1805 , was , cavalry 21,223 , infantry 103,670 , making 124,893 , of which , the limited service was 20,747 , having a disposable force of 104,146 . On the 1st of June 1805 , it was , cavalry 21,760 , infantry 115,486 , making 137,246 , of which the limited service was 17,865 ; leaving a disposable force of 119,381.—Will gentlemen then still contend that the British army has not been materially increased ? But , says the hon . gentleman , all that can be now said by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) is , that the additional force act can do no harm . No such thing was said : he said it did no harm to the recruiting service , of which I will in a moment convince you . The effect of the bill has been to raise in all 5,596 men . Lost by casualties 1,167 , making 4,429 ; and in the last four months it has produced to the British army 3,140 effective , being at the rate of more than 9,000 men a year , exclusive of casualties ; nor has it injured the recruiting service , which is in a state of unexampled increase , producing for the last four months 4,650 men , far exceeding , as appears by the papers upon your table , the produce of any former period ; and , allowing for all casualties at home and abroad , it appears clear that you are gaining at the rate of 3,753 men in four months , that is 11,274 actual addition to the effectual strength of the British army in the course of the year . But we are told , that recruiting for a term of years is the only resource , and it is so because it has been successfully adopted on the continent . Is it necessary to tell the house how little our situation corresponds with that of other countries ? Take hut one consideration , you have 74 batallions on foreign service ; suppose this new system , so plausible in theory , were adopted , and that 8 years was the period of service , you must then have 9,000 men of returning , and as many of a relieving , force , yearly afloat 701 Would not this of itself , to say nothing of the expence , create a doubt , and induce the house to pause ere they adopt an untried scheme , and which , if once adopted , can not be abandoned , in place of one which from experience we know to have been prosperous and successful ? made a short reply.—He disclaimed any idea of saving any thing against the volunteers themselves , but contended that government had placed them in an absurd situation . The system by which they were managed was in his opinion ridiculous . As to the gentleman of