, that navy bills can not be legally issued for secret services ; the proper fund provided by law for secret services being the civil list , under what is called the civil list act . And the right hon . gent . who introduced that bill , so framed it , because he knew no other proper source , as ministers were responsible to parliament for all sums voted them for specific service , but not for secret ser- 62 vice ; and therefore it could not be supplied from any suns for the appropriation of which ministers are responsible . What security then has the house for the disposal of such money ? not even the oath of the minister , as in the case of such service ; nothing but a mere assertion ; in which case , I beg to ask whether parliament can be said to have any control at all ? But if this is the sort of quietus by which a minister is to cover the expenditure of such a sum as 95,000l . in one instance stated to be paid to a man whose name even is not mentioned , and 16,000l . in another , for services of too delicate a nature , forsooth , to be disclosed even to the commissioners of enquiry , I know not to what extent profusion and irresponsibility may travel pari passu . But his majesty 's ministers , not satisfied with violating the law , violate even the rules laid down by themselves . If , however , the commissioners of the navy , and those of naval enquiry , are men not fit to be entrusted with such confidence , they are unworthy of their offices , and ought to be dismissed . I admire , however , this fastidious delicacy , which can disburse such sums as 95,000l . in one instance , and 16,000l . in another , . without even a memorandum of the mode of expenditure , while the latter turns out to be the ever memorable stone expedition , known to every waterman on the river long before it was attempted , in vain , to be , carried into effect.—Having now , sir , stated to the house , the ground of my motion , I. do not call upon it to pronounce judgment . We stand upon a different footing from that of a former night , when you , sir , by your decision , did so much honour to yourself and the high and important station you fill . There our judgment was warranted by Ow : admission of the party accused ; but here , we have no such ground to go upon The house , however , is called upon to investigate , and the right hon . gent . has told us that he will not oppose any investigation , as far as it goes towards his own conduct ; but whether it is his pleasure or not , it is not , for us to enquire . It is our duty to investigate . We owe it to the country . His majesty 's ministers may , perhaps , make out a case for their own justification , but they are bound to govern the country , not only wisely and justly , but according to law . I have in my hand an old statute of William III . which lays it down as an indispensable maxim , chat all kings and queens , who assume the government of this 63 country , shall be bound to administer it according to the laws of the land , and not by their own will , caprice , or private judgment ; and that no minister shall be allowed to depart from this law with impunity . Sir , it was objected to the motion of an hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Fox ) , for the emancipation of the catholics the other night , that it could not be granted , because it was contrary to the established law of the state , and might endanger the constitution