should combine with those of justice to the individual and to the country , to induce their lordships to make an effectual struggle speedily to come to a decision upon the subject . It had now proceeded so far , that the mat 47 ter must be investigated . With respect to the doubts of his noble friend , as to the jurisdiction of the house , whenever the , question upon that head , and he trusted that whatever should come to be discussed , he would meet it , and in a way , he trusted , to satisfy the house . If any objections should be made upon that principle , they would be , discussed coolly , temperately , With attention , and with a determination to make every due and proper allowance . He would not now enter upon the points alluded to by the noble lord : all , as expedient at present , he claimed , was , the power to address in cases of proved misconduct of a Judge , in the execution of his office . This , at least , would be allowed , On a clear proposition , that by the principles of the constitution , and the letter of the law , both houses of parliament were , in such a case , entrusted with a discretionary power . After expatiating upon these points , he stated his opinion , that such a case as the present , upon principles of policy and of justice , should be commenced with reference to an address for removal , in that , preferably to the other house of parliament . With respect to the address , as proposed by the noble marquis , he submitted the expediency of leaving out some particular parts of the facts charged , on grounds upon which the house was to proceed ; for instance , the application alledged to be made by the learned person , to the commanding officer of a corps , to use his influence therewith to procure an address , & c. Such conduct would be certainly unguarded , and such as he could not mean to justify ; but in the particular case , he thought it would be preferable to confine it to motives relative to the conduct of the accused , in his situation of judge . Were these omitted , it would be much better , and , as the case stood , there was a pressing duty upon the house , to enquire into the facts . As to the specific line of the proceeding in the committee , it would of course depend upon what they should find in proof , and what not , and it would be open for the house to give its instructions from time to time . strongly supported the objections of his noble friend ( lord Auckland ) . Commencing with the business de novo , it would be impossible to get through it this session . After their investigation , perhaps , the commons might have to take it up ; the result of which might be , to oblige their lordships to decide upon 48 it in their judicial capacity . He disapproved of the whole course of proceeding hitherto adopted . Far better would it be , to have put the matter in a course of impeachment , at first ; and , to his mind , nothing short of a favourable decision of the house , in their judicial capacity , could restore the accused gentleman fully to the enjoyment of an unsullied character , in the estimation of his country . argued on the same side . The novelty of the case , he observed , rendered it of greater importance , and their lordships should be more cautious as to the precedent they should set . Perhaps , in the enquiry , impeachable matter should come out , which of course , would go to place them eventually in a judicial situation . The proposed mode would , therefore , be as unfavourable to the ends of justice , as to the