your omnipotence . Take what you please : you may do it with impunity . But do not , create , do not leave behind you a constant source of dissatisfaction . Do not erect a land-mark of discontent , by imposing perpetual burthens , which will at the same time perpetuate those feelings of indiguation which the present measure has excited . Consider how harsh it is to force these islanders to contribute for ever , to a cause which they disclaim and disown.—Look , sir , at the case as applied to ourselves . Never was there raised in any country so great a revenue , when compared with its population . No man can pretend but that it is severely felt , yet , sir , it is paid with cheerfulness . Were even greater burthens necessary , so long as the exigencies of the state require it , and we have the means , those burthens we shall manfully bear . And why ? Because we have the conviction that they are paid for our own benefit : that we are by that payment secured in the enjoyment of those advantages no other country possesses . Proudly conscious of the pre-eminent and inestimable blessings we enjoy , we are ready to contribute up to any amount the public exigencies may re- 233 quire . But I would ask the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , would these burthens be endured , it there were as general a conviction that they were applied to purposes of individual advantage ? Again ; would it be safe or prudent to impose the charge of remunerating an individual for services , however brilliant , on this or that town , or this or the other parish ? What must be the feelings of the district on whom he was thus quartered ? But still more , if its inhabitants considered the burthen imposed on them as arising from other motives than the merits of the favoured individual.—The strength of the Isle of Man is its weakness . Its reliance is on the generosity and magnanimity of parliament . If you do them this wrong , and the effect he but momentary , in time they may forget it . The remembrance of past kindness , the hope of your returning favour , will afford sources of consolation : but do not , let me adjure you , do not inflict a wound that is to rankle and fester for ever.—No grant exactly of the nature now proposed has ever , I believe , been made . However objectionable some of those the most nearly approaching it may have been , they are lost because coming out of the general mass . Why desert this policy ? Why impose on one speck in the empire a burthen intended for the benefit of idividuals ? —On the whole , I would observe , that the allegations in this petition are unproved and unfounded ; that the feudal proprietors did not possess an arbitrary power of imposing taxes ; that neither Henry IV . nor James I. in fact , granted , or could grant it ; that if it had been attempted to be granted , that it would have been an abuse of power in the grantor ; void and illegal in itself ; that the duties of 1577 might be legal ; but those of 1692 are clearly against law , and fraudulent , till confirmed by the insular legislature ; that even at this day the revenue transferred by the proprietors to the crown , certainly could not on its gross produce have averaged 1200l . a year ; and probably would not have covered the expences which were incumbent on it ; that the present improvements of the island , from which even that revenue would be extracted , are the result of boons granted by the British parliament : that the right of legislation constantly exercised by parliament over the islanders , is founded on the best legal authorities : that the revenue , parliament imposes , the islanders pay cheerfully ; but 234