, it ought to be destroyed , but he hoped new commissioners of enquiry would be appointed by parliament— He 115 complained of the report made by the commissioners of imprest accounts , which he said contained unfounded charges against the present board . And he added , that he had been at the board from its first institution ; that he had framed the act , and for 15 or 16 years he had given it his constant and most sedulous attention ; and that having left Ireland soon after the union , it was his intention to have resigned his situation , but that he thought it neither . honourable or manly to do so when he found that a cry was raising against the corporation . said , it was very extraordinary that the report of the commissioners of imprests had been laid upon the table of parliament 6 years , and no notice had been taken of it . Much had been said to a friend of his in praise of the administration of lord Hardwicke ; but as his friend was walking with him through the streets of Dublin one night , he , with some surprise , exclaimed , that there was nothing but darkness , danger , and desolation . said there was something irregular in the conversation , as they all agreed in the principle of the propriety of appointing commissioners . defended the conduct of the present commissioners . They had pointed out the means of remedying several abuses , and no insinuations ought to be thrown out against them till the house saw the report of the new committee . approved the principle of the bill , and vindicated the conduct of the commissioners for auditing public accounts , who had made three reports unfavourable to the Paving Board . The right hon . gent . said that those commissioners were bound by the most solemn oath to investigate abuses , and must of course discharge their duty . He could also speak from personal knowledge of the gentleman who was at the head of that commission , and confidently declare that no man was more justly distinguished for character , integrity , and the rectitude of his conduct . in reply , said he did not see the necessity of the observation made by the right hon . gent ; he had never questioned the character or honour of any of the gentlemen who composed the Board of Accounts , he had respect individually for every gentleman in it ; for some , 116 the sincerest friendship . What he said was , that the report made by the commissioners of accounts was not as he thought warranted by the evidence which lay on the table , and as for the oath , the directors and commissioners for paving were equally bound upon oath for the discharge of their trust . said , that a great . part of Dublin was covered with darkness , and was deserted in consequence of the union ; and it would be difficult to raise a fund for bettering the police without contributing more to the evil that already exists . said , he was happy to find that his motion met with the approbation of so many gentlemen from Ireland . With respect to the wish expressed by some gentleman , that the commissioners should be appointed by parliament , he did not at present see any objection to it , but he did not wish to pledge himself upon the subject ; he would , however , consider it , and state his final opinion when the bill came into a committee.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . The right hon . gent . then brought up the bill ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday . He then gave notice , that he should on Monday move the house into a committee to consider of the propriety of empowering the lord lieutenant to direct the lords commissioners of the treasury to advance a certain sum for