regretted that the hon . gent . did not come forward manfully , and declare that to be his object . For his part , he had no other objection to the motion , than that it would postpone the discussion of that subject . was sure that there could be no disposition in the hon . mover to put off the debate on the army estimates . He was persuaded that they might be printed , and delivered to the members by Monday . however anxious not to withhold from the house any means of obtaining information which were unattended by unnecessary expence and inconvenient delay , would never be deterred by any taunts that might be thrown out by gentlemen opposite , on what they conceived to be a change of sentiments produced by a change of situation , from doing that which he felt it to be his duty to do . It was true that the estimates had been printed two years ago , but new military plans were then in discussion . Had the estimates been printed last year ? No ; the fair inference then was , that experiencing the expence and inconvenience of printing such a voluminous mass of papers , the house had thought proper to confine its order to the printing of the abstract . He denied the possibility of printing papers containing so many figures by Monday ; nor could he see the probability of their being produced in time to be useful in the discussion of Wednesday , a discussion which it would be extremely inconvenient to postpone . adverting to the determination expressed by the noble lord , not to be deterred from any line of conduct which he might think proper to adopt , was happy to observe the reforming Virtue which induced the noble lord to abide by other principles than those by which till lately he had been actuated . This was information which the country must be glad to receive . When the noble lord was in opposition , he supported the motion made by the hon . gent . near him , ( Mr. Calcraft ) for printing the army estimates . Here then was a precedent established of their own . What was the precedent against the motion ? Did it arise on the side of the house on which he ( Mr. Perceval ) sat ? No . Last year an hon . general , no longer a member , ( Gen. Tarleton ) had pressed for the printing of the estimates . The noble lord seemed to think , that when new mili 457 tary measures were instituted , it was wise to print the estimates . What was the case last year ? Were not new military measures adopted ? Yet the noble lord resisted the proposition for printing . If it could be made out , that any communications to the enemy would follow , no man would be desirous of pressing such a proposition . But this did not seem to him to be possible . The only remaining objection was the probability that these papers , on account of the number of figures contained in them , could not be printed and delivered to the members by Monday or Tuesday . Admitting this , was it to be maintained that the postponement of the discussion of the army estimates , from Wednesday to Friday , would be of such extreme injury that every other object which tended to produce that postponement must be abandoned ? A noble lord had insinuated that delay was the object of the hon . mover , and had said , that it would have been more manly in him at once to have declared that object . What ! a delay for two days ! Had it extended to a fortnight or three weeks , a desire might have been supposed to exist to obtain the influence on the discussion which the presence of additional members might possibly occasion . But as it was , he could not suppose that the noble lord was serious in his remark . alluding to