. and there would this year be a further saving of 50,000l . The resolutions were then read and agreed to.—Adjourned . moved , that a select committee be appointed to enquire into the state of the Criminal and Pauper Lunatics in England and Wales , and of the laws relative thereto , and to report the same with their observations to the house . It was a year and a half since he had called the attention of the house to this subject , which demanded immediate interference . The consequence of the attempt made by Hatfield on the life of his majesty , was an act empowering the judges in cases of acquittal on the ground of insanity , to order the person so acquitted to be detained in custody , until his majesty 's pleasure re–specting them should be known . Under this act , several unfortunate persons were now lying in public jails ; of all places , the most improper for their abode . He re–ferred to an instance in the county which he had the honour to represent , of a per–son who , having been tried for murder and acquitted , on the ground of insanity , had been imprisoned in the public jail , in which all possible care was taken of him that could be expected from persons igno–rant of the mode of treatment , peculiarly requisite for lunatics , committed another murder on a felon in the same prison . Pauper lunatics , as the law then stood , were maintained by the parish , so that it became the interest of overseers that these unhappy people should commit some out–rage by which the parishes might be relieved from the burthen of them . There were not less than 1700 pauper lunatics now in confinement . How to proceed , whether asy–lums should be erected to comprehend more than one county , or in what other way relief should be afforded , would be a proper subject of consideration for the committee which he proposed to institute . asked why the hon . gent . 515 did not include in his reference to the com–mittee , the Criminal and Pauper Lunatics of Scotland and Ireland ? replied , that in those countries there were provisions which ren–dered the necessity of any interposition of the legislature less pressing than in England and Wales.—A committee was then appointed . said , he rose in pursuance of the notice he had given with reference to one of the members of that house . He felt himself unfortunate in his inability to perform the task he had undertaken , in the manner its importance demanded . He assured the house , that he had not the slightest enmity or rancour towards the person who was the object of his motion and he had therefore neither claimed nor solicited the support of any individual He had felt himself called upon by an imperious sense of his duty as a member of the house , but above all , by his sincere wish to maintain the honour and character of the profession to which he had been attached for upwards of 30 years . Actuated as he was by these sentiments , it could not be surprising that he should look up with respect to the decisions of those courts martial whose proceedings he was persuaded were uniformly dictated by justice and impartiality . Thinking as he did , he felt that a person who had been tried by 16 of the most respectable characters among the officers of the army , and found guilty of 11 charges out of 14 , and who had been convicted of a crime only short of felony , was not a fit person to sit among the representatives of the country . He wished the house to be in full possession of the case and then to put it to the dignity and honour of the house , whether a person who had been so stigmatized was worthy of a seat in parliament ? He should conclude with his motion ; at the same time he trusted that if