or suffered , that from this assumed right of party reprisal , the county of Hants should be eternally disfranchised ? If such reprisals were suffered , it could be only on the principle , that as Hampshire was accustomed to such invasions of its rights , it could suffer no pain from any fresh instance of it ; 772 a principle more unjust and more outrageous than any he had ever heard maintained . The petition which had been alluded to by the hon . gent . and in which the mover and seconder of the present motion were complainants , was exactly similar to the present ; the only difference was , that some of those who then complained of the invasion , argued now , that it would be foolish to listen to a complaint of similar invasion . The complaint was then backed by lord Carnarvon , and now lord Carnarvon was on the other side . That was the only difference between the cases . The general principle of the hon . gent . was , that because Hampshire was used to being wronged , its wrongs should never be redressed ; for when injuries of the highest magnitude were stated , it was thought quite sufficient in bar of redress to turn round short , and state , that others had been guilty of similar invasions . There was another peculiarity with respect to Hampshire , that the case on which the house came to the resolution , condemning the duke of Chandos , arose in that county . The resolution of the house upon that case declared it to be highly criminal , and a breach of the privileges of the house , to be visited by severe animadversions , that an officer of the government should interfere directly or indirectly in the election of members to serve in the commons house of parliament . If the interference in that instance were compared with the interference in the present instance , no man would hesitate to say , that the interference in the present instance was more direct and immediate . It was argued , that the duke of Chandos was as a peer prohibited from interfering , by law ; but it was his interference as an officer of government that the resolution stigmatized . Another complaint was , that the facts contained in the complaints of the petitioners had not been brought forward as soon as the hon . gent . opposite wished , that they were not prepared as the hon . gent . wished , that they were not the same facts he wished ; other modes of bringing the matter forward ought to have been resorted to , according to the opinions of the hon . gent . and individuals ought not to have been feasted and pampered up for the purpose of sacrificing them on the occasion ( a laugh ) . It was very likely that the entertainment , as it was served up at present , was not to the taste of the hon . gent . ; but was it to be argued , that when government had invaded the rights and indepen- 773 dence of a county , and pleaded custom as a ground for denying redress , the house of commons should refuse to inquire into the grounds of a petition complaining of the injury , and invade another right of the subject , merely because the form of the petition in question might be disagreeable to those whose crime was its substance ? Was the house to call for and compare all rough drafts , and amendments of the several petitions that had been sketched previous to the one finally presented ? Was the house , in assuming a right which it did not possess , to lose sight of the due exercise of a duty which was incumbent upon it ? He had heard it was maintained in another place , that the influence of government was a sort of paternal influence , which might as properly be exercised over the people as that of a landlord over the tenant