not contribute to increase the difficulties in its way , by saying or allowing that it is impossible.—In the last note of the French minister , dated from Mentz , ( p. 201 ) wherein Great Britain is forcibly reminded of the elevation to which France has been raised by the combinations to destroy her power ; and the successes of the new contest are predicted , we are told that amidst all `` the chances of war , the emperor of `` France will renew the negociations upon `` the basis laid in concert with the illus '' trious minister , whom England has lost . '' Russia in her manifesto , published after she had refused to ratify the treaty , signed by D'Oubril , declares her readiness to enter into immediate negociation . Why should Great Britain alone refuse to open her ear to any overture ? Why should she alone reject all hope ? —I am a friend to peace , I opposed the commencement of the first war with France . There never was a moment during the whole of that contest in which I did not wish and think that efforts might have peen made for its termination . I supported with the little strength I had , every attempt that was made towards a pacification . At the conclusion of each , I anticipated that the offer at the next overture would be far inferior to what had been rejected at the preceding . I expressed my deep regret at the rejection of that favourable opportunity which was spurned in the year 1800 . I supported the treaty of Amiens , and expressed my strong disapprobation of its rupture . I am sorry indeed that the offer of 1805 was answered by the mouth of the cannon . I deeply regret the conduct of some parts of the negociation which has just been concluded ; and although it has been unsuc- 373 cessful , I will not yet despair of peace ; will not consent to shut the gates of mercy against mankind—Sir , I am aware , that my opinions are peculiar , perhaps they may be singular . I hope , however , some gentleman may be found so far to concur with me , as that the Amendment I shall have to propose , may be seconded ; and that it may be recorded upon the Journals of parliament , that there were some ( however few ) who thought it unwise in policy , and false in principle , to assert that peace with France was , under any circumstances , impossible : but , sir , if I stand alone , I can not deny myself the satisfaction of putting into your hand , this paper , which contains the amendment moved by my noble friend , upon the rupture of the treaty of Amiens , and I have selected the words as the most expressive of my sentiments and feelings on the present occasion . Sir , I move to leave out all the words of the Address after the word end , in the third paragraph for the purpose of inserting the amendment : `` To assure his majesty of our firm determination to co-operate with his majesty in calling forth the resources of the united kingdom , for the vigorous prosecution of the war , in which we are involved , and to pray his majesty that he will , in his paternal goodness , afford as far as is consistent with his own honour and the interests of his people , every facility to any just arrangement , by which the blessings of peace may be restored to his loyal subjects . `` —The motion was seconded by Mr. Johnstone . The question upon the amendment having been put , it was negatived without a division . The main question upon the Address was then put , and none of he ministers shewing any disposition to speak , : —I can not think , sir , that I need offer any apology to the house for having deferred till the very last moment obtruding