J. Fuller , esq . Hon . E. Stewart , G. T. Steward , esq . Sir M. B. Foukes , T. Godfrey , esq . T. Shelly , esq . The parties having waved their right of appointing nominees , the committee retired , according to the provision of the act of parliament in such case , and themselves chose sir R. Peel , and the hon . W. Pole . The whole were then sworn at the table . rose and spoke as follows : I rise , sir , in pursuance of the notice I had the honour of giving on a former night , to submit to the consideration of the house , a motion , connected with a system of economy , and , in its import , similar to that proposed by an hon . friend of mine in the year 1797 . In introducing this motion , I can with truth affirm , that my mind is totally uninfluenced by those passions which may be supposed to agitate public men , in bringing forward plans of retrenchment in the national expenditure , or motions for the reduction of places and pensions . The strong conviction in my mind , that a great practical benefit would result to the country , and to the revenue of the country , is the most striking inducement with me for submitting my motion to the consideration of the house . How that benefit would be best procured , has also been the subject of my inquiry , and in referring to the pre- 704 cedent and example of the motion of 1797 , I find , that at that period , the appointment of a Committee of Finance to investigate public establishments , and to sift official abuses , was considered the best and most appropriate method of proceeding . That my present object would be best attained by moving for the appointment of a similar committee , I am inclined to conclude ; particularly when I consider the advantage likely to result from an attentive persual of the valuable documents of the former , from the light which the labour and industry of that committee have actually thrown on the subject , and , finally , from the eventual good , which the application of that information , assisted by the result of the intermediate time and circumstances , must in any future inquiry produce . There were certainly many impediments , and difficulties of no trifling nature , in the way of that committee . To some of their inquiries , they found it impossible to get even an answer ; and in some cases , particularly those connected with Scotland , they were not only kept in ignorance of the necessary answers to their interrogatories , but were absolutely rendered incapable of extending their researches , from the obscurity and vagueness in which such objects of their inquiry were involved . Without troubling the house with any general reasoning on the necessity of adopting a measure of the nature I propose , I will at present confine myself to the statement of some particular cases , and be satisfied with drawing the attention of the house to those immense emoluments which are attached to offices in the Exchequer , and to other branches of the national establishment , in the investigation of which , the appointment of a committee , founded on a Resolution similar to that of 1797 , would , in my opinion , be calculated to produce great and important benefits . The first thing that strikes the public mind , as requiring retrenchment , is the immense emoluments enjoyed by some individuals in the department of the Exchequer . It is difficult to make the public believe that the grants of these emoluments are unalterable , and there are circumstances which induce me to think they are not . The act of parliament of 1782 allowed to two of the Tellers of the Exchequer the antient fees of their offices , but limited the other two to a salary of 4000l . a year . This act did nothing more