to meet the provision for the education of catholics there . Enlarge that University , I answer , as you please ; and you advance not one step to the object of your wishes . And 1083 the reason is obvious , because persons who are to be instructed in the doctrine and discipline of the Romish faith , persons whose intention is to instruct their flocks in certain articles of faith , and in the observance of certain religious ceremonies , will never be induced or forced to embrace a system of education foreign from those intentions , and which , though not hostile , are very different from the opinions of those whom you would select as their preceptors . Was the house to adopt such a line of policy , there would , under the present circumstances of the world , remain to the Catholic but one alternative , namely , no education , no religious observance . They are , at present , deprived , in a great degree , of foreign education ; the monasteries and institutions , which were formerly noted for those pursuits , have been entirely overturned . To Flanders , Spain , and Italy , it is impossible for the Irish catholic to repair for education ; and will not the house take advantage of such circumstances , and duly appreciate the great national benefits vhich must arise from granting to them a domestic education ? To restrict them to the University of Dublin , is , in other words , to compel them to a state of ignorance . The thing would be an utter impossibility ; it is indeed extravagant to expect catholic acquiescence in a scheme directly in defiance to the religion they profess ; nor would the professors of Trinity college do their duty , unless they performed that part , which the Catholic could not conscientiously approve . The hon . and learned gent . has asserted , that the accounts , attaching to this branch of the miscellaneous expenditure , have not been vouched . Had he thought proper to have extended his enquiries , he would have found , that the commissioners of the imprest accounts had as regularly certified this branch of services as any other . The two seminaries have been said to be in a state of rivalry and hostility . If such rivalry and hostility exist , I am sure they exist not with the Catholics . We have also been assured , that there is no visitorial power , although it is distinctly specified by the statute , that the lord chancellor and the judges of the country shall be visitors of the morals and conduct of the scholars , as connected with civil policy ; wisely and prudently abstaining from any interference either in their religious doctrine , or discipline . if this measure had not been over and over discussed by the parliament of Ireland , if its eligibility had 1084 not been generally admitted , if the diminution of catholic incumbents was not by deaths and other causes ye y considerable , then there might be some strong reasons for not voting this branch of expenditure without mature enquiry . But I am sure it is in the recollection of the house , that when I proposed the miscellaneous services of this year , I did most particularly advert to the increase of the Maynooth grant ; and I was induced make the observation , anticipating as I did , an opposition , either to the principle or amount of the grant , from a certain quarter in this house . I did think there were certain persons disposed to quarrel with that measure . But why quarrel with me , and not quarrel with my predecessor in office ? The objection , in consequence of its not being referred to a committee , as a money grant , was formerly as valid as it can be now . I have introduced nothing new , but have undeviatingly adhered to the plan , which was previously chalked out . But I can not conclude , without