some of our settlements in the East Indies : to that question the best answer would be the simple statement of the fact , that the governor of that island had required a supply of English gunpowder , in preference to that of our Eastern settlements , owing to the superior quality of the former ; and this too , not so much from the comparative excellence of our gunpowder , as the positive inferiority of that formerly supplied by the settlements . As to the apparent disproportion in the charges of 1000l . for Eng- 430 land , and 7000l . for Ireland ; for worms , turn-screws , & c. it was to be considered , that of the supplies hitherto furnished for the-service of England , 9,100l . remained unexpended , so that towards the customary annual supply there was but a deficit of 900l. , whereas , there was no remainder to supply the yearly demand for Ireland ; this statement , however , as it stood , put in this case the Ordnance Estimates of England to those of Ireland in the ratio of 7 to 3 , which he was free to acknowledge was by no means in the due proportion . As to the officers of Ordnance , in Ireland , they were entitled to every praise for the strictest economy , and the most laudable attention to the duties of the department . If blame , therefore , was justly to attach itself to any quarter , it would rather belong to this side . He confessed that , upon this head , he was not sufficiently prepared , to be as satisfactory as he could wish , not having had sufficient time to possess himself of the fullest information upon the subject ; he should , however , take the earliest opportunity to enable him to account for this apparent disproportion . felt much obliged by the great anxiety the hon . gent . had evinced to give him and the house every satisfaction relative to the questions he took the liberty of putting to him yesterday . It was , however , very natural for him to suppose that in that country , where the material of which the gunpowder was made was to be had , it could be furnished at a cheaper rate than it could be contracted for in England . As to the requisition forwarded by the governor of Ceylon , he did not think that the responsibility to that house rested upon the governor , but upon the ministers , who were bound to judge of the propriety of acceding to it . This , too , he felt it necessary to add , that he had the fullest reliance in the capability of the governor of Ceylon , and thought that that gentleman had given proofs of a strict economy . said , that he had only to repeat that English gunpowder had been sent out to the Island of Ceylon , upon the positive orders of the governor , founded upon reasons already specified , that appeared to the government convincing . Mr. Hobhouse presented a petition from the provost , & c. of the city of Edinburgh , praying for leave to 431 bring in a bill for the improvement of Leith Harbour . Referred to a committee.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the report of the 10,500,000l . Exchequer Bills bill . The amendments were agreed to , and a clause added , providing that the bill might be altered , amended , or repealed by any bill or bills to be passed in the present session of parliament . The bill was then ordered to be engrossed , and read a third time on Monday . Mr. Vansittart brought up the Malt Duty bill , without the exceptionable clauses , which had caused the former bill to be thrown out in the lords , on the motion of the lord chancellor . It was read a first time . On the motion of lord Grenville , the second reading of the bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade was appointed