subject ; perhaps they could not be furnished without hazarding mischievous disclosures : but unquestionably the want of any knowledge of the communications between us and Russia , which preceded the mission of M. D'Oubril , leaves us under the necessity of taking upon the minister 's word the assurance that , up to that period , Russia and England acted cordially and confidentially together . For , if one could suspect that the mission of M. D'Oubril to Paris was intended by the court of Petersburgh as a reprisal for our having advanced before them in the negociation faster than they had expected , or than we had given them notice of our doing or intending to do , —it would then be impossible to contend that we had kept faith and concert with Russia , as strictly as we boast of having done : but even then I will confess I should be inclined to doubt whether our subsequent conduct , after M. D'Oubril 's separate treaty , had not redeemed , or even more than redeemed our original failure . If , on the contrary , M. D'Oubril was sent without sufficient previous notice to us , and without waiting for and obtaining our full consent , our conduct would then be not only unexceptionable , but such as would have entitled us to the lasting gratitude of Russia , and have left her deeply our debtor ; — but even then I should think that what we had done , though more perhaps than Russia would have been in such a case entitled to claim , was not more than an enlarged and enlightened policy warranted us in doing for her.—I am willing , however , to believe that there was nothing to atone for or to forgive on either side . That Russia and England took every step in concert : And then , while I admit and rejoice in the admission , that the good faith of the two governments towards each other has been sacredly observed , I can not forbear regretting that so laudable a system should not have been carried fully and beneficially into execution ; that there has not been as much wisdom as generosity and sincerity displayed in the conduct of the alliance ; that a concert , so perfect in principle , has been acted upon so ne- 379 gligently or ill-avisedly , as to lose in policy all the main advantages which such a concert between two great powers is calculated to procure , and which constitute its principal value.—What is , in truth , the main advantage of such a concert and union between two great powers such as England and Russia , in a negociation with a common enemy ? Not surely , that it obliges their respective plenipotentiaries to communicate with each other upon every step which each may advance in their treaty—not because it binds each not to conclude without the other . These are , abstractedly taken , disadvantages rather than advantages ; they tend to complicate and embarrass ; to retard the work of pacification ; and ultimately may lead to the rejection of a peace in the highest degree desirable for one party , from the want of some petty object , or the failure of some unreasonable pretension , of the other . But what is the advantage which compensates , and more than compensates , all these possible inconveniencies ? and which , especially at such a moment as the present , and against such an enemy as the nations of Europe have now to contend against , makes the union of two such powers as England and Russia not only a mutual security to themselves , but a common blessing to mankind ? What , but that assurance which it holds out to the world of co-operation for ends in which all the world is interested—of a determination either to obtain such a peace as shall secure the general tranquillity , or to carry on war together for the general protection ? What , but the rallying point which it affords to the weaker powers ; —the