thanks of the house to sir John Stuart , and the officers and men who had fought under him at the glorious battle of Maida.—Adjourned . Mr. Johnson from the office of the chief secretary of Ireland , presented the 3d and 4th reports of the commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees , & c. of the public offices of Ireland.—On the motion of Mr. Hobhouse , the usual committee to enquire into Expiring Laws was appointed.—On the suggestion of lord Howick , it was resolved , that no petitions for private bills should be received after Friday , the 27th day of Feb. next.—It was also understood , on the intimation of lord Howick , and with the acquiescence of the Speaker , that public business should commence every day at half-post four o'clock.—The Speaker having enquired whether or not there were any Election Petitions to be presented , and having stated the order by which , according to the rules of the house , the several classes of those petitions ought to be arranged , the following were presented and read , and ordered to be taken into consideration on the days attached to them , viz.—From Horsham Jan. 8 , Penryn Jan. 8 , Saltash Jan. 13 , Westminster Jan. 13 , Tregony Jan. 20 , Maldon Jan. 20 , Aberdeen Jan. 22 . The Westminster petition , presented , by lord Folkestone , was from 82 James Paull , esq . complaining of the undue return of R. B. Sheridan , esq . The petition stated , that , regardless of the laws against bribery and corruption , Mr. Sheridan had been guilty of those offences , by giving rewards , in various ways , to many of the electors who voted for him ; that he had used threats to induce those who would otherwise have voted for Mr. Paull , to vote for him ; that he bad procured a considerable number of illegal votes , and that by such means he had obtained a colourable majority , and was returned , with sir S. Hood , as a member in the present parliament for the city of Westminster . The petitioner concluded by praying relief . brought up the report of the address to his majesty , in answer to his majesty 's most gracious speech . On the motion for its being read , unwilling that any thing which he might have said should mislead the house or the country , rose to explain two circumstances in the debate of the preceding evening . It was certainly not extraordinary , in the new and important situation in which he found himself placed , that his embarrassment should be productive of some error , however unintentional . He certainly had last night conceived and stated , that Mr. Fox 's last letter , respecting any negociation with France in which Russia should not be included , was dated as far back as the 26th of March ; but having since referred to the official documents , he found that the date of the letter to which he had alluded was the 20th April ; and therefore so far the argument of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) carried with it more weight than in the other case it would be entitled to . Having said thus much in correction of his statement , he should proceed to the explanation of another point in dispute . Very heavy censure had been passed by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and the right hon . gent . against his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) for not having repelled the accusation of preceding administrations contained in M. Talleyrand 's reply to his first letter . To prevent any misapprehension that might go forth , before the papers should be laid on the table of the house , he would distinctly declare , that his right hon . friend had repelled that accusation , though the French government , in the publication which they caused to be made of the correspondence , had thought proper to suppress