in furtherance of that economy which had been so warmly recommended in his majesty 's speech , should not suffer from any thing connected with the person by whom it was brought forward , he disclaimed all intention of hostility to his majesty 's ministers ; he was fully sensible of their great talents , the purity of their motives , and their resolution to redeem the pledges of economy which they had given . If this had not been their intention , he was persuaded that the passage to which he alluded would not have been inserted in his majesty 's speech . He admired the ability of ministers , and particularly of the noble lord ( Howick ) who had lately made a speech so distinguished for its eloquence , and so well calculated to make the deepest impression . The measure which he had to recommend , if carried into execution , would be attended with the happiest effects . As to the individual who was said to be named to the situation of chair- 229 man of the committee of Ways and Means , ( Mr. Hobhouse ) he certainly meant nothing personal against him . He had known him from his earliest years , had the greatest respect for him , and he knew too well the liberality of his mind , to doubt that he would give him credit for having the public good only in view . He would now come more immediately to the subject . He was sensible that this would appear rather too early a period for such a motion , but then it was proper to bring it forward before the chairman had entered on his duties . His attention had been particularly called to the subject by the paternal expressions in his majesty 's speech , which had made the deepest impression on every one who heard them , and which , if not acted upon , might subject them to the charge of criminality . He would read the passage to which he alluded . The hon . gent . then read that part of the speech which lamented the necessity of the public burthens , and recommended economy . He thought this was an instance in which the economy recommended in his majesty 's speech might be well put in practice . No man should , in his opinion , be paid for his duty in the house of commons , with the exception only of the person who filled the chair , whose salary was meant to support the dignity of the house , as well as to reward his labours . But the situation of chairman of the Ways and Means was one of a different nature . There was no reason , he apprehended , why some of the other officers paid by government should not take the duty on themselves . He asked the candour of the house , whether some of the junior lords of the treasury might not discharge it ? It might be said , that their minds would be too much harassed , and their bodies too much fatigued with other duties , to undertake this one . But he understood that this could not be the case , as their duties consisted only in signing a few papers : but at all events , there were some whose duties were not heavy . An objection might be made , that this was an unusual mode of proceeding . His answer was , that these were unusual times ; that the necessities of the public were unusual , and that this would justify them in receding from common forms . Another objection might be taken from the trifling saving that would thus be made to the public . His answer was , that the principle was not trifling , as it would convince the country , that the house was seriously resolved to set about plans of economy . It was necessary 230 that there should be public burthens at the present moment , but it was proper that those burthens should be rendered as light as possible