extraordinary considerations , and charged with doctrines and principles so entirely new . The abilities of the noble lord opposite , the eloquence with which he always enforced his sentiments , and the influence which justly and naturally belonged to the station he held , rendered it unwise to oppose him without having first made that preparation which was essential to the discussion which was to result from agitating so important a question under such extraordinary circumstances . But , it would be obvious to every one who was acquainted with the principles of parliamentary proceedings , and more strikingly so to those who were acquainted with the principles maintained by the noble lord and his friends , while they sat on the side of the house from which he ( Mr. P. ) now addressed the chair , what a novel and extraordinary , what an unparliamentary and unconstitutional doctrine it was , that no motion for papers should be offered to the house unless it should , at the same time , be shewn , that no proceeding was to be founded on those papers but such as government would countenance . He hoped the house would not countenance a precedent as different from its former practice as the noble lord 's doctrine was from the tenets he and his friends had formerly maintained . He had been disposed to think the noble lord would have anticipated this motion by some previous statement , either to defend his principle or to withdraw his opposition . The paper itself was a measure of government , published with great care and anxiety , and intended to be acted upon . Ministers admitted , that the ground of objection was not , that the paper would be made known by this motion , but that it would be rendered too public . The paper was already known over this country , it was open to the inspection of all men ; it was known over all Europe ; and yet after all , the only persons , who were not to be allowed to see the paper , were those who were called upon particularly to discuss it . The representatives of the people , who were to approve , or to disapprove what was done in the interests of their constituents , were refused the means by which to direct their judgement . He was persuaded the house would feel that this refusal was no less unprecedented than it was unprincipled ; and if the house should abandon their right to call for papers of this 623 nature , they would abandon the means of prosecuting any enquiry into measures of administration , and establish a principle which would be in the highest degree disadvantageous , and would be attended with the most deplorable and ruinous consequences . The ordinary grounds of objection were not stated in this case ; there was no mention of any inconvenience that would attend the production of this paper ; no mention of the length of time which would be required to prepare it ; no mention of the trouble and labour to which the public offices would be exposed . It was not stated that it was from any idle curiosity that it was called for , and , what was the most serious objection , it was not stated that any mischief could arise from that publicity which would be the consequence of discussion ; for the paper was already as publicly known as it could be . Under these circumstances , could the house refuse to accede to his motion ? The subject was acknowledged to be of a magnitude to require the attention of parliament , and the production of the papers was resisted merely upon the ground that no motion was to be founded on it to which government was disposed to give its approbation . Then suppose , for the sake of argument , that it was admitted that the noble lord would be able to satisfy the house that there were no grounds for any subsequent motion ; suppose it should be admitted that after discussion the