a positive law which disfranchised certain revenue officers , but that did not at all apply to the case of the secretary of the treasury . If there was no act which bore upon the present case , neither was there any resolution of that house . The resolution of 1779 was on very different grounds . It had been resolved , tha 775 it was a breach of the privileges of that house , for a peer , or a lord lieutenant of a county , to interfere in the election of members to serve in that house . The duke of Chandos , on whose letter the resolution of 1779 was founded , was both a peer and a lord lieutenant of the county ; and he was at the same time a lord of the bed-chamber . Those circumstances which made it a breach of privilege for the noble duke to interfere , did not at all apply to the present case . The right hon . gent . had allowed that it would be perfectly fair for the hon . gent . to canvass his friends , tenants , and connections . Where then , was the line to be drawn ? Would it be said that he might canvass his friend A. but not canvass his friend B. because he had a place ? As it was not stated that any thing new would come forth before a commit tee , which had not already been stated to the house , he thought it would be contrary to their dignity to refer frivolous matters to a tribunal of such importance as their committee of privileges . He thought the issue of the examination must be an acquittal of the hon . secretary . observed that the learned gent . need not have entered into an apology for the hon . secretary , as he was of opinion that the hon . secretary himself had already urged , with some effect , that this letter was not within the law of parliament . Yet he was still of opinion , that this letter , which was but a small part of the grievances stated in the petition , though it could not by itself substantiate a direct charge against the hon . secretary , might , in conjunction with the other accusations stated in the petition , be a very fit subject to be laid before a committee , should the house think fit to adopt the motion . He allowed that the members of government had a right to interfere in elections as private individuals ; but he could consider the letter from the secretary of the treasury to the barrack-master-general , in this case , only as an official letter . It was understood as such by those whose conduct it was to influence . He was surprised that the gentlemen on the other side should not assent to the motion , inconsideration of their own honour , of the honour of the county of Hants , and of the house of commons . He understood that much further grounds of crimination were to be brought forward ; and particularly a letter from one of the other public boards , signed by the secretary . On this ground he wished to go into the committee . thought that there could not be a more serious question submitted to the house , as touching its own privileges , than whether a secretary of the treasury should be allowed in his office , perhaps using the seal of office , and sending his dispatch by official messengers , to write to all those under the influence of government , and direct them how they were to give their votes in the election of members of that house . He would readily agree with the hon . and learned member , that the hon . secretary , as well as every other member of government , might lawfully exert themselves for the success of their friends in their individual capacity . But there was not , he thought , a man in the house , nor in