arrested ; and when men who are anxious to grow rich , must first learn to be humane . To assert that such are not the dreadful effects of this trade , is to assume , that the documents on your table are palpable fabrications . But it has been said , that the situation of the African slave in the West-India colonies , is preferable to that of the British peasant . First , let me be convinced , that the slave in the colonies enjoys the benefit of that unequalled blessing , the trial by jury ; that he possesses the option of exchanging the niggardly and parsimonious employer , for the open and generous master ; and that he is animated with the proud feeling of country which pervades every British bosom , from the lowest to the highest class of our community . Alas ! with all these blessings , the wretched African slave is perfectly unacquainted . To the proud and ennobling sensations of patriotism , his oppressed heart is wholly a stranger . Africa and anguish must be the constant feeling which torments and overloads his grief-burthened 966 soul . Was there a possibility of making the experiment ; or was the proposal made to permit the African labourers , in your colonies , to embark for this country , the whole tonnage of England could not convey the crowds of anxious expectants , which would be assembled on the shores of your different West-India islands . And when they arrived in this country , how would their astonishment be excited , in observing the same people , who , in the colonies had devoted them to slavery and wretchedness , disencumbering them of their shackles , entitling them to the benefits of equal laws , and elevating them to the broad distinction of being free men in the freest country upon the earth ! Among the many attempts to justify this iniquitous traffic , and amongst the variety of authorities cited to prove its propriety , the Holy Scriptures have by some been quoted . That the Divine Author of the Christian faith , who engaged in his worldly mission for the exclusive purpose of saving sinners , and who , authorised by his precepts , as He sanctioned by his example , the sublime and benevolent maxim of charity to all men , that his exalted dispensations should be perverted into a justification of a monstrous , unjust , and inhuman policy , is a principle at which religion shudders , and morality revolts ! It is a principle , hostile to our present views and future expectations ; it disrobes the Gospel of its purity , and plunders mankind of their hopes . But we are also told that slavery has been co-existent with the formation of the world ; that it has continued through all the progressions of succeeding ages : so , I answer , have other vices ; and will it be admitted , that in the seventh year of the nineteenth century , an enlightened legislature is called upon to support a system of injustice end persecution , upon flimsy pretexts , arising out of the ignorance , the arrogance , or the criminal passions of former ages ? Rather let us , with the sentimental writer of our country , exclaim , `` Disguise thyself as thou wilt , slavery , still thou art a bitter draught ; and though thousands in all ages have been made to drink of thee , thou art no less bitter on that account . '' Would it not , I ask , be more consonant with the wisdom of our Creator , to suppose , that in the gradual march and progress of human knowledge , the hour had arrived when the fetters of the oppressed and uncivilized African were to disappear before the light of reason and religion ; when the children of 967 that persecuted continent were to be admitted to a participation of that bread of life , which was never communicated to individuals or nations , without imparting the benefits of improvement , and the