permanent taxes . As to the permanent taxes , he agreed that some of them might fall short of their present amount , but this was no objection whatever , unless the plan went to cut off the power and the means of imposing taxes hereafter . Now , so far was the plan from doing this , that even by the right hon . gent . 's own confession , it tended to render the sources of taxation more productive . The plan was not absolutely wedded to the present taxes . Others might be imposed if there should be a deficiency . The whole proceeded on this , that such was to be the amount of loans if the war continued for such a time . Where the taxes proved unproductive , others must be provided to supply their place , and according to the right hon . gent . 's own shewing , it was better to have recourse to taxes afterwards , if they should be wanted , than to raise them at present.—The next point that called for observation was , the extent to which the war taxes were to be pledged . The right hon . gent . agreed that it was a proper thing to pledge the war taxes , but not to the extent proposed , and thought that it was improper to have a 5 per cent . sinking fund , instead of one per cent . as formerly . But this was entirely of the nature of a bargain with the stockholder . He agreed with his right hon . friend that the sinking fund was not 802 originally intended solely for the benefit of the stockholder . The advantage was given to the stockholder , but the fund was principally intended for the benefit of the public . He thought the measure of 1802 an improper one , and he and another were the only persons who spoke openly against it on that occasion ; and contended that the allowing of the sinking fund to accumulate would be inconvenient to the country . Then , what was the remedy ? The noble lord had chosen the proper medium by his plan . He had given the stockholder the benefit of the 5 per cent . instead of one per cent . at present , with a view to the great loans that might be necessary afterwards , so that the whole was for the benefit of the country , which was the great object of the sinking fund . It was intended to facilitate the loans , the immediate increase of the sinking fund . That was the reason why so large a per centage was allowed at first.— Why , then , the right hon . gent . talked about the improbability of the war expenditure being confined to 32 millions . But his noble friend had not pledged himself that this alone should be the amount of the expenditure . His object was to shew , that supposing the war expenditure should not exceed the enormous sum of 32 millions , still the war might be continued for so long a time without any additional taxes . This was a circumstance which must occasion astonishment in every one , and must excite amazement from one end of Europe to the other . The right hon . gent . might say , that an additional sum would be wanted ; why , then , loans must be provided to answer that . The right honourable gentleman had then adverted to the subsidies , and said that these had not been usually provided for distinctly as subsidies , but had been included in the loans . But he had never heard of a loan where the object of subsidies was concealed . They were generally provided for distinctly by way of loan , or by a vote of credit , which was understood to apply to unforeseen expences . The plan took the basis of 32 millions , because some basis must be adopted . Any one might take 34 millions if he pleased , and calculate the advantages