from the militia.—4 . Copies of all orders or regulations that have been issued since the last session of parliament , respecting the recruiting of the regular army.—5 . An abstract of the effective strength of the volunteers on the 1st of January , 1806 , distinguishing infantry and cavalry ; also a like return at the latest period when any return has been made , specifying within what period such return had been made.—6 . An abstract of such instructions as have been issued by his majesty 's command to the lieutenants of counties , and of such proceedings as have been taken thereon in execution of the act of last session of parliament , for the general training of the population of the country . `` —On the question being put upon the first motion , though he felt that no information was too much , that could be supplied to the house on this subject , was yet of opinion that there might be many points which it would not be de- 441 sirable to have made known . Every gentleman was aware , that any documents which might be laid before that house , were not exclusively confined to the members , but made their way to the public , and of course to the enemy . In this view it would appear to the house that there might be points , which , however desirable it may be that the house should be informed upon , it would still be not prudent to let the knowledge of them reach the enemy . When the noble lord had read over this motion to him , it had not appeared to be liable to any serious objection . The noble lord had stated to him , that it did not differ from a motion that had been agreed to in a former year , except in this , that this motion called for the monthly returns , whilst that had been half-yearly returns . But it appeared to him at present that his motion was objectionable , inasmuch as it would expose the strength of some particular local corps to the enemy . It would be an ungracious duty for him to object to the production of the information desired , yet , however he might have himself contributed to the production of similar returns in any former period , he should not hesitate between his private wish and his sense of public duty . The noble lord might perhaps shape his motion so as not to be liable to this objection , in which case he should agree to it with cheerfulness . He could not consent to have the returns of the black colonial troops , which were employed only in the West Indies , produced in the form called for by the noble lord ; but he would leave it to him to explain his own motion in such a manner , as might obviate the objection that applied to it . concurred in the wisdom of the observation of the right hon . gent . that it mould not be proper to produce any documents which might give any dangerous information to the enemy . But from the manner in which this subject had been brought before parliament for the last three or four years , he thought the information he called for , necessary to the house . He had remembered , indeed , one instance , in which not only the number but the distribution of the British forces had been produced on motion . The enemy , however , could have the same information from publications countenanced in this country . He had moved only tor the gross amount of the British army , abroad and at home , and not its distribution ; and this information was necessary to the house , in 442 order to enable them to discover what proportion of that force was applicable to the defence of the country . If parliament took the responsibility upon itself , by the part it had acted , in changing altogether the whole military system , by its