. He thought that the best plan would have been to prevent the importation of the commodities of the co- 631 lonies of France and Spain into France , and the countries under her dominion . Suppose that we could not succeed in doing this completely , yet we should increase the cost , and render the conveyance more perilous . We should enhance the price of these articles , and enable our own commodities to meet them with advantage . We should improve the market , therefore , for our own merchants and manufacturers , and promote the sale of their goods . We should then have that trade which could be most easily interrupted , and which our enemy could not extricate from our grasp , and he would literally be made to feel the evil effects of his own injustice . It might be said that this would interrupt the accustomed trade of neutrals . But to interrupt the trade of their colonies to France and Spain was , most of all others , that which would least interrupt the accustomed trade of neutrals . It had been said , that this subject ought not to be discussed until the time when the stipulations of the treaty with America would come regularly before the house . He disclaimed all sort of animadversion on that treaty , as the noble lord had distinctly declared , that his majesty had reserved to himself a right to retaliate to the same extent to which the enemy had carried their unjust aggressions . But at the same time he must say , that he could not conceive what was the value of that right unless it was acted upon.—If , then , the measure of government on this subject was not so adequate as it might have been , upon what ground was it , he would ask , that the means were refused of considering whether any measure more effective might not be adopted ? It might be said , that this was from our fear of neutrals , for we might apprehend some danger if we proceeded to vigorous measures without consulting them . This , however , was not a defence for government , for they had done something already without consulting neutrals . But , if our right was clear and manifest , there was no necessity for consulting them . All that they could reasonably expect was , a notice . Those already on their voyages should not be interrupted , and this was all that they could reasonably hope . A reasonable time ought to be allowed them for receiving information , as had been provided for in the order . They could claim nothing farther . But , could you say that your apprehension of neutrals was the ground of this very lenient procedure ? This would not be avow- 632 ed by any government . But there was great reason to suppose that this was the true ground when it was considered that the negociation with America was going on at the time of the passing of the non-importation act , and concluded before that act was suspended ; and those who said that this act had produced a wholesome effect , would , when they knew this circumstance , find that they had better authority for saying so than they at first imagined . But , if you should be right in point of justice , the pressure of your measures on neutrals was not to be ascribed to any fault of yours . The blame rested with the enemy who forced you to adopt them . He was therefore at a loss to conceive upon what principle it was , that something like these measures , which he had mentioned , had not been carried into execution by government . But there was another measure . You might turn the provisions of the French decree against themselves , and as they have said that no British goods should sail freely on the seas , you might say that no goods should be carried to France , except they first touched at