double dealing , and duplicity , almost approaching to chicanery , of the French negociators . In the one , was plainly manifested British rectitude and British character ; in the other , that evasive and varying policy which had been the never-failing characteristic of French negociation , in all times and under all circumstances . Indeed there could be no great expectation of a favourable result , when , at the very moment that the French government were making the most pacific professions , they were taking those very measures , which , as his majesty has been pleased to inform us , compelled the king of Prussia to engage in that calamitous struggle , the consequence of which we must all deplore . This resistance , which at first sight seemed ill advised , and ill timed , appeared now to have been the result of imperious circumstances . France demanded of Prussia , not only the sacrifice of her trade and commerce , and the dissolution of her best and wisest alliances , but cessions of territory were insisted upon , evidently calculated to weaken her barriers , and in the final result to render resistance impossible , and to compel that unhappy country to submit without the power of striking a blow . Her fate , if it could now operate as a warning to Europe , ought to be felt as an encouragement to Great Britain , whose conduct had been the complete reverse , and whose magnanimity had hitherto preserved her power undiminished . We had seen Prussia , almost from the commencement of the French revolution , crouch to every one of those despots , under whom the country had by turns fallen , and this , too , at times when the exertion of her arms in the common cause might have turned the scale , and insured the deliverance of Europe . And , what had been the effect of her base and abject submissions ? Driven to contend , single-handed , with the whole force of the enemy , and overwhelmed , he feared , for ever , with a ra- 43 pidity unequalled even in modern times ; and at last to fill the cup of her misery , in the answer of the French government to the manifesto of the king of Prussia , who to a generous foe would now be an object of compassion , that unhappy monarch is cruelly and insolently taunted with the degrading submissions and temporizing policy , which his unfeeling tyrants had so long exacted from him . In the midst of these disasters , it was truly consolotary to find that the king of Sweden and the emperor of Russia were animated with such just views of their duty and their interests . And the house would doubtless attend to the recommendation of his majesty , to cultivate and support a close connexion with those powers . With regard to our own particular situation , it was evident that in a contest so important , and for the preservation of every thing that was dear to us , we must necessarily be called upon to support additional burthens . But it was with extreme satisfaction , indeed , that he heard that part of his majesty 's speech which pointed out the necessity of the most economical use of our resources . The attack of the enemy was now openly aimed at the vitals of the country . In defence of these the country was ready , nay , desirous to make whatever sacrifices were necessary ; but , with a view to the continuance of the war , of the speedy termination of which no one could now indulge a hope , the careful application of our resources and means of defence , was more than ever become an indispensable duty , and he was happy to believe , one of the favourite objects of the noble lord ( H. Petty ) now below him . The flourishing state of the revenue and of public credit , must be a source of exultation , in the present state of Europe