had already expressed the same opinion ; but he begged leave to state a marked difference in the two cases . The resolutions of the two 680 houses were not obligatory , they were limitted to the members ; but the act became obligatory upon the whole empire , upon those very colonial assemblies , whose opinions and feelings were known to be widely different . He therefore trusted , as the noble lords had carried the measure , for the accomplishment of which they appeared so anxious , that they would join in an amendment , in no manner hostile to the principle , but which , in its operation , might have the effect of promoting its success , by the reconciliation of the different interested parties . The noble lord then moved , `` That the words inconsistent with the principles of justice and humanity , ' be left out of the preamble of the bill . '' assured their lordships , that , with the feelings which actuated him , and the views he entertained of that unjust and execrable traffic , he could by no means acquiesce in the amendment of the noble lord . To palliate guilt and compromise injustice he never would consent , nor should he think of shrinking from the exposure of a system , as illegal as it was iniquitous . The laws of the country equally extended to every part of the British empire , as well on the high seas as to the colonies ; and if the necessity of cultivating the waste lands of the West India islands was a sufficient plea for the violation of justice , upon equal principles of propriety , the peasantry of this kingdom might be dragged from their homes , to till and labour in the inclosure of waste lands . ( A cry of `` Order . '' ) Noble lords might accuse him of not being in order , but he felt he was acting perfectly orderly , and , therefore , should continue to exercise his own judgment , in exposing a system of oppression and rapine , which , if suffered to continue , would be ultimately extended even to this country . — '' Malum quo non aliud velocius ullum ; Mobilitate viget , viresque acquirit eundo ; parva menu primo : mox sese attolit in auras , Ingrediturque solo , et caput inter nubila condit . '' observed , that the expression in the preamble having been admitted by the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) to be true , it followed that it ought to be retained . What was the objection of the noble lord last night ? It was , that this trade ought not to be abolished , except in conjunction with foreign powers , and now the noble lord , by his motion , would take away the only ground upon which we could ask other powers to co-operate in the abolition 681 of the trade . If we declared that we abolished the trade on the ground of expepediency alone , then it might be fairly supposed that we did so for reasons applicable to ourselves alone , or to our own colonies ; but by stating broadly and distinctly that the trade was contrary to justice and humanity , we took a ground upon which we might fairly call upon other powers to co-operate with us in abolishing the trade . He could not discover any reason for apprehending danger from thus expressing , in a legislative act , their opinion of the trade , whilst the retaining the words objected to , was the best mode they could at present adopt of leading to a general abolition . thought the adoption of abstract principles in a legislative act , was inconsistent with the wise and wary language which their ancestors had used on such occasions , and seemed rather like an adoption of that mode of expression which had been so repeatedly used in modern France . approved highly of the expressions in the preamble which had been objected to . He thought , however , that this