declare , that Mr. Abbot has exhibited a more perfect model of the office itself , than ever I had formed an idea of in the abstract . There are other topics of praise to which he is equally entitled . In speaking of the general duties of the office , I have passed over , with reference to Mr. Abbot , the facility of private intercourse with , and access to him on matters of business ; I have omitted to notice his dignified hospitality , which conforms so well to the wise munificence of parliament . These are qualities which have been well known , and often experienced by those present , who were members of the late parliament . But I might also have adverted to that indefatigable industry , with which he has applied him- 6 self to public business in general , and particularly to that enquiry into the state of the Public Records of this house , which was instituted on his own suggestion . Through this enquiry , the public will have the benefit of those stores of ancient wisdom , which were hitherto confined to private and individual research . The same comprehensive mind , and the same application of great talents , are as peculiarly required for the higher duties he has to discharge , and the success and ability by him displayed upon the subject to which I have alluded , is a pledge of what may be expected from him on every occasion which relates to the proceedings of this house , and the general advantage of the public . It is upon these considerations , as well as upon many others , I feel it my duty to move , `` That the right hon . Charles Abbot do take the chair of this house as speaker . '' [ Hear , hear ! ] said , that in seconding the proposition of his right hon . friend , he felt the embarrassment of the situation in which he placed himself , by venturing to prescribe to the house , in the most remote degree , any course that it was to adopt on so solemn and important an occasion . At the same time he confessed , that he was considerably relieved from this embarrassment , by the manner in which he perceived the proposition , just submitted to them , had been received by the house . It often happened to a member of parliament , that he felt himself obliged painfully to discharge certain duties , from a sense of public principle , though contrary to his private feelings , because there must always be a sacrifice of private considerations to public duties . But he had then the satisfaction to say , that he was about to discharge a duty which , whilst it accorded with every private feeling , was , at the same time , equally consistent with the most scrupulous regard to public duty . His right hon . friend had well pointed out some of the leading qualifications for the office of speaker , as well as the great importance of that high and confidential situation . But he that would calculate all the important duties of the speaker of the house of commons , would undertake a great and difficult task indeed . It was an office commensurate with all the functions of parliament , and consequently identified with the existence of parliament and the freedom and happiness of the people . The qualifications of a speaker were great and numerous , and , perhaps , it was difficult to form an accurate estimate of 7 their real value , on account of the quiet times in which we had lived . It was a common disposition of the public mind to imagine , when matters went on quietly , that they went on of themselves , and without any actuating impulse ; but those to whom he was addressing himself knew , that although the principle of action was kept out of view , it was that principle which directed the whole machine , gave it motion ,