aggressions ; or would he advise his majesty to conclude peace with a power which , under such circumstances , should insist upon withholding Hanover ? Then , if the hon . gent . would not do so , what becomes of all the empty , and , I must say , trifling declamation which the house has heard from him ? The hon . gent . has thought proper to condemn the time at which our government declared hostility against Prussia , triumphantly asking , whether it was wise and becoming in his majesty 's ministers to make war upon Prussia for those measures which she had taken in compliance with the wishes or directions of France , at the time when we were engaged in a negociation with the latter power , one of the objects of which was to do away those measures , and the consequences resulting from them ? But on this I shall only observe , that the question itself demonstrates that the hon . gent . has not taken much pains to consider the question . For upon reviewing even the selection of letters published by the French government upon the subject of the negociation , he must have seen that there was no negociation pending with France at the time his majesty 's declaration appeared against Prussia ; that selection alone furnishes enough to shew that the assertion of the hon . gent . was unfounded . The second letter of Mr. Fox to the French minister , which communicated the resolution of this country not to enter into the negociation but jointly with Russia , was dated the 26th of March , and to this letter no answer whatever was received until June . In the interim , that is , on the 23d of April , his majesty 's message , relative to the Prussian war , was laid before this house . I would ask , then , whether , as no answer was returned to this letter for so long a period , it was not very natural to conclude that the propositions of his majesty 's government would not be complied with , and that the negociation was wholly at an end ? Such being the case then , how can any candid man , will even the hon . gent . himself , maintain , that the causes urged in his majesty 's message did not form a justifiable ground of war ? Why , how did the case stand ? France refused to negociate with us upon such conditions as , consistently with our character , interests , and security , we thought it our bounden duty to demand , and Prussia , upon a most preposterous plea , affixes to her dominions the territory of 66 Hanover , which was unjustly seized upon by France ; and , in addition to this , Prussia orders our shipping to be excluded from the north of Germany . In the address which the hon . gent . has read to the house , I perceive that there are very many professions of personal attachment to our sovereign , and of anxious wishes for his interests . I would wish to know , then , from the right hon . author , or advocate of all these professions , whether he , as a minister , would conduct a negociation , and conclude a war which should alienate from that sovereign an hereditary possession , wrested from him originally on account merely of a war between this country and a foreign enemy—and in which war that hereditary possession had no concerns ? Of the separate interest of this country and Hanover , I have read and heard much . Into the discussion , however , I do not now mean to enter ; but , thinking as I do , that honour is the most valuable possession of any state , I have no hesitation in stating , that it would be highly injurious to the interests of England , because inconsistent with its honour , to leave Hanover to France or her allies , under such