undersold them . The plan of the noble lord resembled that of Mr. Neckar , which had been the chief cause of the French revolution . He could not reconcile it to himself to give a silent vote on the subject , considering , as he did , the resolutions of the noble lord fraught with the greatest mischief to the country . observed , that the right hon . gent . had impugned the plan of the noble lord , on the ground that the taxes would not be productive during peace . But if so , the parliament would be bound to make good any deficiency that might arise , or 928 to substitute other taxes in their place . But it appeared to him a strange illustration of the impolicy of continuing the tonnage tax , that the German linens rivalled our linens in the West-India market , because no German linens could reach our islands but through this country . at any other time and under any other circumstances , would have been disposed to trouble the house more at length , than at that hour of the night he was inclined to do . When the bills should be brought in , on the resolutions of the noble lord , he should have sufficient opportunities of delivering his sentiments upon them , and he should feel it his duty to oppose them in every stage . The taxes proposed to be continued by the first resolution , were represented as not likely to be productive in peace , and to this it was answered , if they were unproductive , parliament would be bound to make them good . If they were to be made permanent only with a view to have them afterwards repealed , this would be to make the act of the legislature speak a language which it did not mean . In the same way the property tax , which the house had been given to understand , in the opening speech of the noble lord , was to be repealed at the end of the war , had been in his subsequent explanations represented as liable to be continued in peace , yet the second resolution pledged the house positively to the repeal of the war tax the moment the war should cease . The first resolution was to pledge the war taxes , which were afterwards to be repealed ; and the second resolution declared , that the property tax , which was likely to be continued , should be repealed . If the taxes mentioned in the first resolution were to be repealed , why enact their continuance ? and if the property tax was to be continued , why resolve that it should be repealed ? He thought that it was improper in the house to legislate for futurity . These observations he made with a view to press the suggestion of his right hon . friend that the provision for the loan should be charged upon any fund , and the discussion of the noble lord 's plan deferred to next session . It had been said , that the duties , if appropriated , might afterwards be repealed ; and this he looked upon as the best argument that had been urged in favour of the measure . The plan of the noble lord might be very good , and his majesty 's ministers might have bestowed all due attention upon it , but yet the house 929 had not had sufficient time to consider so complicated a question . It was only that day that some of the papers , necessary to form a judgment on the subject , were laid before the house . maintained that the resolutions contained no pledge whatever for the continuance of any particular tax . The object of the plan was to provide for the exigencies of a protracted war , and at the same time , by abstaining from imposing fresh taxes , to relieve the country , to repair its strength and recruit its resources , whilst its operation would provide the means of resorting again