mentioned before a committee of 22 persons were actually chosen by the house . declared , that the noble Lord had not satisfied his mind upon this head . The former committee , he agreed with the noble lord in saying , had discharged their duty in a manner highly creditable to themselves , and beneficial to the service of the public . He had no doubt also that the present committee were as eminently qualified as the noble lord had described , to perform the task assigned to them with honour and ability . But still he thought it was rather hard that , after his hon . friend had suggested the propriety of adopting a measure , though he unquestionably was not so capable of supporting it as the noble lord was , and though the noble lord entirely concurred with him , and supported him in the main object of his motion , with only some little variation of terms ; he still thought it was rather hard that his hon . friend should not be allowed to name one person for the committee . There had been instances of names being added to select committees on many former occasions . also bore testimony to the respectability of the names on the present list ; in fact he could not see that it was possible to select 22 more independent , more capable , or more honourable men . As to precedent , he did not think that it was necessary to be resorted to in such a 724 case as the present ; but even on the score of precedent , he understood that it was contrary to the established usage of the house to add any names after the complete appointment of a finance committee.—The gallery was then cleared for a division , but the motion was withdrawn . left the woolsack , to observe , that a noble lord ( De Dunstanville ) , having inadvertently assisted at part of the debate on the Slave Trade bill , without having previously qualified himself by taking the usual oaths and his seat , the noble lord had thereby incurred certain pains and penalties prescribed by an act of Charles II . Their lordships would naturally observe that the members of that house , being hereditary members of the legislature , might readily be supposed to overlook or forget the ceremonies of taking the oaths every new parliament . Such was the inadvertency the noble lord had lapsed into , the same as had been incurred by a noble marquis ( Lawnsdowne ) some years ago . In that case his majesty 's will and pleasure was consulted , and instructions given to bring in a bill to indemnify that noble lord , as quickly as the bill could be gone through . What he had to perform on the present occasion would be squared upon that precedent ; and he now held a bill in his hand similar to that proposed in the case of the noble marquis , which he trusted the house would allow to pass through its different stages as rapidly as possible . He should now propose that it be read a first time . hinted that the standing orders of the house did not allow the bill to go through more than one stage in a day—After a few words from the lord chancellor , the bill was read a first time . The following members were appointed a committee to try the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election for the borough of Chippenham : N. Calvert . esq . W. Fitzhugh , esq . William Fawkes , esq . hon . A. Cooper , lord Mahon , A. Eyre , esq . W. Odell , esq . J. H. Street , 725 esq . hon . T. Brand , F. Milnes , esq . N. Barnes . esq . W. Mills , esq . H. M. Ogle , esq.—Nominees : lord vis . Marsham . sir Thomas Turton—Mr . Hobhouse brought in the Greenwich royal naval asylum bill , which was read a first time.—Mr .