. He had not heard that sentiment uttered here so broadly . But when so important a person as the secretary of the treasury stated any thing bordering upon it , it became the house to guard against it in the outset , particularly when that secretary of the treasury stated that he had come into office at a critical period , and that the whole business of the elections was in his hands . He was glad to find the hon . gent . had estates in Hampshire ; but he could not have estates in every county , or houses in every borough . He must think , upon the whole of the circumstances , that the letter to general Hewitt was written , not as a letter from one private freeholder to another , but in the character of Mr. Fremantle , secretary to the treasury , having the charge of managing the general election , to the person at the head of the barrack department , claiming the exertion of his extensive influence . But it was argued the house ought to have no jealousy of a petition complaining of this Interference , and an hon . gent . who represented the county of Hants , recommended that the petition should be dismissed , and thrown back with disgrace upon the heads of those who had preferred it . This would hardly be of service to the hon gent . in another similar crisis of difficulty , whether he might or might not happen to have a friend in the situation of secretary to the treasury , and having a freehold in Hampshire . He had trusted that it would not have been necessary for him to speak upon this question ; and though he had a high respect for some of the petitioners , he would have remained 774 silent , had not the arguments offered on the opposite called for these observations . He had hoped that such a petition , moved and seconded by such persons , would have met with universal concurrence . He was ready to allow , that if the petitioners could not prove their allegations , the strength of the language in which they expressed their complaints ought to subject them to some censure . But that the strength of the language should be made a ground for rejecting the petition , when those who signed it professed themselves ready to prove their allegations , was what appeared to him most extraordinary and most unjustifiable , and therefore he would give one vote at least to preserve the house from the censure that must fall upon it , if the petition should be dismissed without proper consideration . considered this as a question of general parliamentary law , which ought to be discussed upon general principles . He thought the concluding doctrines of the right hon . gent . 's speech were not fit to be delivered in that house . He thought , besides , that it was not candid or fair for those gentlemen who were long in the habit of speaking in that house , who had learned the perfect management of their ideas in the delivery of them , and who , in the midst of their speech , could exercise their judgment and deliberation on every sentence they uttered , to lay hold so eagerly of an expression that fell from a member who was utterly inexperienced in public speaking , and who immediately explained that expression which at first sight appeared so objectionable . He did not think it was fair or candid to take such an advantage of a mere slip of the tongue—a lapsus linguæ of a member inexperienced in debate . This was a question which certainly was not to be determined by the peculiar circumstances of Hampshire , but upon the general constitutional law . In the first place , it could not be said that there was any act of parliament which prevented a Secretary of the Treasury from canvassing , as well as any other man , for those persons whose interest he espoused . There was