that we could hold out for a war of 20 years duration on an expenditure of 32 millions , without any increase . But he was more inclined to close with the noble lord 's data , and to come to issue upon his principles , leaving the particulars to be discussed in the committee , where some friends of his , better acquainted with the details of these subjects than he was , would make some observations upon them . He thought he had the means of proving , that the noble lord 's plan , if acted upon and carried fully into execution , would be the means of involving the country in great embarrassments , if not in compleat ruin , and what was still worse , in unnecessary and gratuitous ruin . He was sensible of the difficulty of the task he had undertaken . But he trusted that the arguments with which he would endeavour to establish his opinions , would be received with indulgence and liberality , from the consideration that the points to which they referred deserved the fullest attention . In examining the system of the noble lord , he hoped he should he permitted to separate two questions , and that those who heard him would keep them distinct . First , Whether it was wise that any measures should now be adopted with respect to the Sinking Fund ? and , secondly , If it was consistent that such measures should now be adopted , whether it was consistent that they should be adopted with a view to their taking place 20 years hence ? With respect to the appropriation at the present time , he would not question the fact ; that the Sinking Fund would afford in 1826 , a surplus applicable as the noble lord stated , The noble lord must allow , that the sum of 1,200,000l . to the charge of which , divested from the War Taxes , this surplus would be then applicable , was in itself a fund on which parliament might raise and might charge loans , and on which any system of finance might be built , either the present actual system , or that proposed by the noble lord . The written explanation of the noble lord 's plan stated , that , conformably to the mode in which the noble lord wished to raise the loans , the Property Tax of 11,500,000l . 729 was as liable to those loans as any other part of the War Taxes , but that was a fallacy . In charging War Loans , amounting to a capital of 210 million , the noble lord had assumed that the War Taxes were applicable to the discharge of it . But parliament was pledged to the country to repeal the War Taxes in the event of peace . Thus , the pledge of parliament was to be violated in order to cover with all these absorptions of the War Taxes , a principle which must involve in ruin any individual or any country that had recourse to it , borrowing the interest of loans , and constituting that interest so borrowed into a permanent funded debt . He would ask the noble lord if he had considered the consequences of borrowing any given sum in that way , and compared them with the consequences of borrowing the same sum under the usual system . One of the resolutions he should have to submit would be founded on the principle of this comparison . If the abstract principle of the system had a disadvantage in this respect , the mischievous influence of the principle would extend to every part of the superstructure he had raised upon it . It was a grateful and a proud question for the house , if it could go into the consideration of the propriety of releasing the country from any part of its present burthens . But he wished the noble lord in that view also to consider his own system comparatively with that which he now proposed to substitute . The noble lord proposed to raise 12