he mean to say , that because the enemy was guilty of violence and injustice , we ought to imitate him ? There was a maxim in politics which he was almost ashamed to be under the necessity of maintaining on this occasion , that every right is subject to considerations of political expediency . Indeed ; if it were not so , there were many rights which would become burthensome . Taking this maxim , then , into consideration , would the learned gent . himself maintain , that we ought to go to the full extent of our right in this instance ? We had a right to confiscate all the French property to be found in England , in the funds or elsewhere ; we were entitled to call upon every man who had property in the funds in trust for any Frenchman , a subject of France , to declare upon oath , and to surrender the amount of that property . But would the learned gent . advise the exercise of that right ? ( Here Mr. Perceval expressed his dissent . ) The learned gent. , added the noble lord , seemed to revolt at such a proposition . Why , then , the question under consideration came to be regulated upon grounds of political expediency , and upon those grounds the learned gent . would call upon the house to decide as to a measure which his majesty 's ministers felt it their duty , after the best deliberation in their power , to adopt . He submitted , whether , if these ministers were deserving of the confidence of the house , and he would ask no unreasonable confidence , for them , it would be right to entertain a discussion as to the propriety of their conduct at present , particularly as the order referred to in the motion , being a question of political expediency , must depend upon the consideration of various points which it was quite impossible that that house could at present consistently touch . Into this part of the subject his learned friend ( sir John Nicholls ) had already entered , and had left little for any man to add . But there were two or 651 three points connected with the subject of the order referred to in the motion , which he could not forbear to mention , because they would serve to shew what kind of information must be laid before the house , in order that it should become competent to decide upon the question which the learned gentleman would urge the house to investigate . Now , first of all , it would be necessary to shew the nature of our communications and relations with other powers , how far they concurred in the matter of the order alluded to ; how it was likely to affect them ; also , how it was to affect ourselves ; how it might , notwithstanding the rigour of the French decree , operate to promote our commerce ; how , in fact , it was likely to become a great means of sustaining and advancing that commerce . Would the house desire that such communications should be published ? Certainly not . For these circumstances were such as could not be made known without exposing some vulnerable points on our part , and on that of the enemy , and defeating the ends which we had in view.—With these observations , he thought he might very well close , fully satisfied that the justice of the cause he supported was fully established ; but there were a few remarks from the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , which he felt it proper to notice . That noble lord had asserted that the French decree of 1798 , relative to our commerce , did not go so far as that to which the order of council alluded . But the noble lord was mistaken : for the former decree condemned to confiscation both the ship and cargo , if any portion whatever of English commodities were found on board ; while the latter