This , my lords , is a point of material importance , not only with respect to this , but with regard to all other negotiations . I have always understood that the grounds of negociation were to be laid down in written documents , and to be taken from conferences reduced to writing at the time , so as to leave no room for cavil , and to bind the parties to something specific , which they could never recede from , without exposing their want of faith to all the world . There may undoubtedly be some previous communications between the parties , leading to a particular point , and these may undoubtedly be very properly produced , in order to throw light upon particular parts of the subject , and to enable others to judge of the precise meaning and bearing of certain expressions , in which there might otherwise be some ambiguity . Indeed there can be no doubt that lord Yarmouth fully believed , that the basis of uti possidetis had been proposed by Talleyrand . Still , however , this is an exparte statement , which the other party may admit or deny as they may think proper . Such statements can never constitute the essence of a negociation , or afford a clear and undeniable ground of proceeding . If there is any object , which in cases of this sort ought to be attended to more than another , it is to have distinct and positive admission of the basis , to have something which may be put on record , which the party can not deny , and to which you may refer , and from which , if the other party should recede , all the world would be satisfied that you were in the right and he in the wrong . In all negociations , therefore , the settling of a clear and distinct basis , is one of the most material objects . It was not sufficient then that lord Yarmouth understood that the basis of actual possession had been acceded to by Talleyrand . But you ought to have demanded a precise and categorical recognition of that basis as a preliminary step , before you gave full powers to treat to your negociator . This 273 would have avoided all obscurity . There could have been no room , at least no fair grounds for cavilling after this . I do not by any means object to previous communications . These may be useful and even necessary . Neither do I object to their production , but as they form no part of the essence of the proceedings , they can not be admitted as the only proof of the particular basis agreed upon . This ought to be clearly seen from the written and essential documents , and of all others this is the point upon which precision is necessary . But more particularly in the present instance , the utmost precision is to be expected , after the declaration which has been made by his majesty , that the French government , from the beginning , admitted the basis of actual possession . Yet , my lords , notwithstanding this , the declaration is not borne out by these papers , and the utmost that they prove is this , that lord Yarmouth believed that the basis of actual possession was admitted by M. Talleyrand in a conference . Having , my lords , said thus much on that particular point—a point which most certainly claimed considerable attention , on account of its importance in various views , I have no hesitation in saying , that I most heartily concur in the general result of the negociation , and , with the above exception , that I most cordially join in the address , and in the assurances of support to his majesty , in prosecuting the war , which it has been found impossible immediately to put an end to , upon grounds in any degree consistent with the security and honour of this country , or the maintenance of good faith with our