this question as a point of honour , as implicating the faith of the French minister on the one hand , and of our negociator on the other , the discussion ought to have broken off . This was the period at which , if it was intended still to pursue the object of obtaining the uti possidetis , it evidently became hopeless to extort it by the assertion that it had been already agreed to ; and it would have been necessary therefore to take new ground , to admit the possibility of misapprehension on both sides in the verbal communication which had passed upon the subject , and to make the demand anew , as peremptorily as you might 397 think fit , —as a sine quâ non of negociation , if you pleased ; but to make it in a way in which it could be conceded to you.—Neither of these courses , however , were adopted : but from this period you begin that series of tiresome and useless repetitions , of which the effect could not well be expected to be other than it was , to irritate and inflame the discussion without producing any satisfactory explanation or beneficial result . If our first demand did not produce the recognition required , why should it be conceived that the multiplied echo would have any better effect ? —especially as the repetition grew gradually fainter , and the direct and unqualified assertion in lord Lauderdale 's first note which I have just quoted , we find softened down in the subsequent notes , with such modifications and qualifications as these : `` The proposition of the French government such as his Britannic majesty understood it to have been made by them ; '' [ p . 161 . ] — '' when the views of the French government shall approach nearer to those which it had been supposed to entertain ; '' [ p . 165 . ] —the proposition such as his majesty 's ministers understood it ( l'ont comprise ) to have been made by France ; '' [ p . 168 . ] —the basis which the British government believed ( croyoit ) to have been proposed in the first place by France ; '' [ p . 175 . ] — `` the conditions understood ( censées ) to have been proposed by France . '' [ p. 192 ] —Was it likely that the French government would become more yielding to our demand , in proportion as we appeared to become less confident of the foundation on which it rested ? Or could this mode of pressing it for three months lead to any imaginable advantage ? —There is one other circumstance and only one , to be noticed , which , added to what I have already mentioned , renders the policy of our government on this point completely inexplicable . And that circumstance is this : if their object really was to obtain the admission of the uti possidetis as a practical basis of negociation , there does appear to have been a period , when for that purpose they had gained their point , and having done so they made no use of it . In the note of the French plenipotentiaries of the 11th of Aug. [ p . 159 . ] it is said `` If , in laying down the principle of uti possidetis , the English negociators have in view to propose a mean of exchange and of compensation , the emperor adopts it . '' And was not this 398 what in fact they had in view ? I profess I had all along so understood them , and I so understand them still . But the answer of our plenipotentiaries to this note , in conformity , no doubt , to their instructions , is that the basis or principle of the negociation must be `` préalablement reconnu . '' They can not stir a step without it . And this is the sĺngle instance in which this demand is separately and peremptorily made . Well may the hon . gent .