impossible to believe that the state of a negro in the West Indies was such as to lead him to prefer it even to slavery in Africa , and it was absurd to think so , considering the new kind of labour to which he was condemned , when he had never been accustomed to such habits , and when he must be torn from his country and connections . He was convinced , too , that , far from weakening , the measure would tend to the security of our islands , and he shewed from the instance of Barbadoes , and that in the cases where the importation of negroes was the least , the proportion of whites to blacks was greatest . The noble lord concluded with a pathetic allusion to the sentiments of Mr. Fox on this subject . Mr. Fox had often told him that the two objects nearest his heart were , the restoration of peace , and the abolition of the slave trade , and when , by the shuffling of the French government he anticipated disappointment in the former , he consoled himself with the hope that the latter might be obtained . The noble lord mentioned with approbation the exertions of others in this cause , and particularly of Mr. Wilberforce , whom , though he was hardly acquainted with him , he should always consider , notwithstanding any past or any future differences of opinion on other points , as an honour to his country and to human nature on account of the zealous , able , and persevering efforts lie had made for the abolition of this odious traffic . said a few words in support of the bill ; after which their lordships divided , Contents 72 ; Proxies 28… 100 Non-Contents 28 ; Proxies 8 36 Majority 64 The house at its meeting proceeded to ballot for committees , to try and determine the merits of the Petitions complaining of the late returns for the county of Norfolk , and the borough of Plymouth . The following were the committees appointed : For Norfolk , Henry Baring , esq . Mark Wood , esq . lord Morpeth , T. W. Plummer , esq . A. Atherly , esq . C. Western , esq . R. T. Stuart , esq . Henry Parnell , esq . Robert Williams , esq . Charles Adams , esq . J. Kingston , esq . Wm . Praed , esq . Owen Williams , esq . Nominees , G. H. Rose , esq . Charles Dundas , esq.—For Plymouth , J. Barham , esq . H. Willoughby , esq . Wm . Roscoe , esq . R. B. Robson , esq . E. Desborough , esq . Wm . Cavendish , esq . John Calvert , esq . hon . W. Hill , Lord Rancliffe , hon . Wm . Maul , Joseph Crips , esq . James Brogden , esq . T. Godfrey , esq . Nominees , Wm . Cartwright , esq . Jonathan Raine , esq.—Ordered , on the motion of lord Howick , that the order for calling over the house be renewed for Tuesday next : also , that the names of such members as shall be absent on that day be reported to the house on such day as the house should direct , and that those for whose absence a sufficient excuse could not be assigned , should be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms.—The Speaker acquainted the house , that the Worcester Petition having been appointed to be taken into consideration on Tuesday last , at half past three o'clock , and W. Gordon , esq . the petitioner , not having appeared pursuant to the act , within one hour after the petition was ordered to be taken into consideration , he had certified the recognizances in this case to his majesty 's court of Exchequer.—Mr . Simeon gave notice that , in consequence of an extraordinary circumstance that had taken place in the Maldon Election Committee , he should , on a future day , move for leave to