could be satisfactory . The commissioners , however , had called for the cash account by the direction of the treasury , and directions had been given for the recovery of the sums due ; every step , therefore , that could possibly be taken , had been resorted to , and therefore he flattered himself that his noble friend would not repent the fair and candid manner in which he had consented to withdraw his motion . then moved , that there be laid before the house the commission appointing Charles Herries , esq . and W. Bragge , esq . commissioners for barrack accounts . He also gave notice , that he should to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill , to invest the commissioners for enquiring into the barrack accounts with the same powers to examine persons on oath , as the commissioners of army expenditure . A ballot took place for a committee to try and determine the merits of the Shrewsbury Election Petition . The following gentlemen were appointed as the committee : —James Buller , esq. , right hon . N. Vansittart , W. Gore , esq. , H. Fawcett , esq. , lord Folkestone , R. C. Ferguson , esq. , H. C. Montgomery , esq. , Oswald Markham , esq. , R. Sheldon , esq. , hon . John Ramsay , R. C. Carew , esq. , hon . W. Quin , hon . J . Pierce . Nominees ; George Johnstone , esq. , Francis Horner , esq.—The Attorney-General , pursuant to notice , moved for , and obtained leave to bring in , a bill for investing certain commissioners for enquiring into the expenditure of the Barrack Department , with powers to examine parties on oath , and to call for papers and accounts . Mr. Rose entirely approved of the measure proposed by the learned gent. , and gave notice , that on Thursday next he should move , for a copy of the opinion of his majesty 's attorney and solicitor general upon the transactions in the Barrack Department.—Mr . Biddulph renewed his former notice of a motion , for a committee to enquire whether any alleviation of the public burthens might not be procured by the abolition of unnecessary and Sinecure Places for Tuesday next . presented a petition from the committee of the commission of the general assembly of the church of Scotland , setting forth , `` that the petitioners are a committee appointed by the commission of the general assembly of the church of Scotland , held at Edinburgh upon the 19th of Nov. 1806 , with instructions to attend to the progress of any bill that may be introduced into parliament founded on the Resolutions lately entered into by the house of lords , respecting the courts of law in Scotland , and to adopt every prudent and temperate measure for maintaining the established rights and privileges of the Clergy of the church of Scotland ; and that the petitioners have been informed , that a bill has been brought into the house for suspending , for a limited time , the powers vested in the court of session as commissioners of Teinds by an act of the Scots parliament , passed in the year 1707 , c. 9 , and for certain other purposes ; and as the petitioners are convinced , that the provisions of the said bill will be highly prejudicial to the interests of the Clergy of Scotland , therefore praying , that the 611 same may not be passed into a law , or at least that , before any farther proceedings take place with regard to it , they may be heard , by their counsel , at the bar of the house , against the same being passed into a law . '' On the motion that the petition do lie on the table , said , he bad not yet had sufficient opportunity of acquiring the necessary information upon the subject , but from the little information he had obtained , he was induced to think that it would be more adviseable to