universal concurrence of this house ; I mean that of non-interference with the concerns of the poor , until necessity calls for it.—Sir , I hold that I have no more right to meddle with the private concerns of the labourer , to tell him how he shall be lodged , or fed , or clothed , than he has to interfere with mine , until he applies to me for relief . Then the right begins , and again it terminates when he is again able to provide for himself . I am as sure of the sound policy of the doctrine of leaving the poor to their own management , as I am sure of the right they have to be so left : and notwithstanding the instances of unthriftiness and dissolute selfishness which we witness in some characters , generally speaking , they manage for themselves much better than we could manage for them.—Having , sir , however unwillingly , felt myself under the necessity of detaining the house with this preliminary matter , I shall now proceed to open to you the details of the plan I would propose . Sir , I think the house must anticipate that in the front of my plan for the exaltation of the character of the labourer , must appear a scheme for general national education . So it is ; and upon its effects I mainly rely for the consummation of my wishes . Sir , it would be needless , in speaking before an assembly so enlightened as that which I have now the honour to address , to dwell upon the beneficial effects of the general diffusion of knowledge . I have of late heard it magnificently said from the chair in which you preside , that this house would at all times open its doors wide to receive the petitions of the people . Sir , I would borrow that expression , and bid you throw open wide the portals of the human understanding to the introduction of light and knowledge , in order that virtue and happiness might follow in their train . If there could exist a doubt about it in the mind of any man who hears me , I would refer him to the contemplation of the character of savage , uncivilized man . More helpless than the brutes amongst which he obtains a precarious subsistence , but more dangerous than them to his fellow creatures , because under the influence of malignant passions by which they are not excited or tormented . Look into the pages of that writer whom I have so often quoted ; see , and shudder at the description of a totally uncivilized human being in every quarter of the world , from the northern to the southern extremity of the globe . Trace man from that rude state , 877 step by step , till he arrives at the highest polish of refinement in a civilized society , such as that in which we have the good fortune to live , and I think you will be compelled to confess that every step towards civilization , notwithstanding the adventitious vices which undoubtedly attend its progress , is a step towards morality and order.—Sir , in a political point of view , nothing can possibly afford greater stability to a popular government than the education of your people . Contemplate ignorance in the hand of craft ; what a desperate weapon does it afford ! How impotent does craft become before an instructed and enlightened multitude.—Sir , view the injustice and cruelty of ignorance ; the violence and horrors of a deluded and infuriate mob ; destroying its victims without selection or remorse , itself ultimately the victim of its own infatuation and guilt.—I would fain illustrate to you what I feel , by calling your attention to a story of remote antiquity ; and I would ask whether the great Aristides could have suffered the injustice he met with from the Athenian people , had the ungrateful crowd whom he had so faithfully served , been sufficiently instructed to appreciate those services ? Could any