other petition , which had been abandoned . But having ascertained that there were no substantial grounds for this , they had resorted to this unfounded charge against his hon . friend . Threats and calumnies had been used on the other side , however , even by some invested with magisterial authority . Such threats had been used , not only to procure votes , but to force voters to violate their pledges . After 762 the able and manly defence of his hon . friend , little remained for him to say on the merits of the charge ; but he would ask the hon . baronet ( sir H Mildmay ) how he could produce papers there that had been disavowed by another hon . baronet , who had first made the statements contained in them . That hon . baronet had confessed that he could not pledge himself as to their accuracy , as he was dull of hearing . He insisted on the right of the individuals composing the government , to interfere in elections like any other individuals . and expressed his hope that the house would join with him in censuring the conduct of those who had presented this frivolous and unfounded petition . said , that after the bold assertions made by the secretary of the treasury that no influence had been used by government , either in Hampshire or any other place , he could not rest satisfied with giving a silent vote on the question , for fear it might be taken as a sympton that he assented to the truth of those assertions . He would therefore request the attention of the house till he gave a few reasons , which came within his own knowledge , and which in fact related to himself , to shew the house why he , for one , could not place confidence in those assertions . That very hon . gent . the secretary of the treasury , had openly and plainly told him , that if he again offered himself as a candidate for Poole , he must not expect the influence of government in his favour , which he had formerly experienced , because he had in the last parliament opposed and voted against the government : that they were therefore determined to oppose him . Here some murmurs taking place , Mr. Jeffery said , `` Nay , hear me out , I have not half done yet . '' He then proceeded to say , that the secretary of the Treasury went on to inform him , that if he persisted in standing as a candidate , government would endeavour to open the borough , and try the right of the commonalty , which had once before been done without effect . He stated further , that after the first government candidate had tried a canvass , and afterwards declined the contest , it had been publicly notified that the patronage of government was to be given to Michael Angelo Taylor , esq . Places which were before promised to certain persons , were actually given to others , in order to obtain their support of the candidate who opposed him in his native place . These and many other instances of a similar kind , shewed , beyond contradiction , that the undue influence of government had been exerted ; and therefore that the secretary to 763 the treasury should deny there was any such thing , he should have thought impossible . —Sir , the hon . gent . who spoke last but one , has , in an ardent and energetic manner , called upon the house to express its disapprobation of the principle and allegations of the petition , on which the motion of the hon . gent . near me is founded . Really sir , with the feelings which I entertain on this subject , and without the least party bias , for , in this house , or out of it , I am attached to no political party , I can by no means subscribe to the hopes and wishes