of policy : the second would be a question of future consideration . Those who demanded compensation , might hereafter submit their case to the house , who were never backward in listening to the claims of justice . could not forbear expressing his satisfaction that the principle of indemnity seemed to be acknowledged by the noble lord . in explanation said , that he had only stated a general principle . was not willing to allow the possibility of a case in which the public ought to compensate an individual for any losses which might arise from the abolition of such iniquitous practices . declared , that , after having performed the great duty of abolishing the Slave Trade , which had so disgraced the land , he thought the house bound to consider the situation of those who should suffer from the annihilation of a system so long sanctioned by the Legislature . thought that there would be few cases entitled to compensation . Those engaged in commercial concerns were necessarily exposed to risks , and sufficient warning had long been given to those engaged in this abominable traffic . conceived that it would be convenient if the principle on which compensation would be allowed was stated Before the passing of the present bill.—The motion was then negatived without a division . After which , lord Howick moved that the bill be committed , and the debate motion on that was adjourned till Monday . chairman of the Maidstone committee , appeared at the bar , and reported to the house that George Simson , and George Longman , esqrs . were duly elected to serve in this present parliament , and that the petition against them was not frivolous nor vexatious.—Sir E. Knatchbull gave notice , that he would 944 on Thursday , make a motion of complaint against a person who had this day appeared before the committee on the Sandwich Road bill.—Mr . D. P. Coke reported from the Downpatrick committee , that they had met , and pursuant to the act , issued a commission to take evident in Ireland , on which they adjourned as the act directs ; and they had directed him to apply to the house for leave to adjourn , until the commissioners should make a report.—Mr . Eyre reported from the Chippenham committee , that Charles Brook , esq . was not duly elected ; that James Dawkins , esq . was duly elected , and ought to have been returned , and that the opposition to the petition was not frivolous nor vexatious . It was then ordered that the deputy clerk of the crown should attend tomorrow , to amend the said return , by erasing the name of the former , and inserting that of the latter presented to the house , according to order , a bill for the promoting and encouragement of Industry amongst the Labouring classes of the community , and for the more effectual relief and regulation of the criminal and necessitous Poor . In answer to a question from Mr. E. Morris , relative to the 2d reading of the bill , Mr. W. stated , that he proposed to move the 2d reading of the bill the next day , and hoped the house would have no objection to its going through a committee pro formâ , with a view to have the blanks filled up in order that it might go to the country in an intelligible shape . No gentleman , of counsel , would be pledged in any respect to the measure by acquiescing in this course , and as it was to be re-committed after the holidays , it would be competent to any hon . gent . to oppose the principle if he could not approve of it , or move an instruction to the committee for dividing the bill , on the motion for the speaker 's leaving the chair stated , that it had been his intention to oppose the whole bill ; but if it were to be divided , he should not object to that part which provided for the