stood . Whatever difference of opinion might have existed with respect to many of the measures pursued by ministers , on no subject which ever engaged the attention of the country had there been such complete unanimity as in regard to supporting his majesty in the prosecution of the war . Upon other questions there might have been a difference of opinion , but upon this vital subject there was none . Whatever shade of difference there was , was on the part of those who disapproved of the other measures of ministers . Their opponents were supposed to be more earnest for the prosecution of the war , than his majesty 's government was . There was also another measure of ministers , of which he could not approve ; he meant the Declaration which had been issued pending the suspension of parliament . The country was not in a condition to judge of that declaration , except it were accompanied by the documents upon which it was founded . If the rupture of the negociation overwhelmed ministers with any apprehension or difficulty , the fair mode would have been , not to have dissolved parliament , but to have called the existing parliament together , and submitted the whole grounds of the negociation to it . He would not accuse ministers of any intention to deceive the country , but the dissolution certainly had the effect of surprising it . In corroboration of what he had advanced , he would only call to their lordships ' recollection , an address which had been published in the county of Norfolk . In that address a right hon . gent . ( Mr. 23 Windham ) , who was the last person in the world he should suppose capable of deceit , had told the county , that , as far as he knew , there was no intention to dissolve the parliament . The consequence was , that the whole kingdom was led to believe that all reports to that effect were unfounded and premature . Subsequent to this a proclamation appeared , in which a day was fixed for calling parliament together for dispatch of business ; and yet , notwithstanding these repeated assurances , a dissolution was announced , to the surprise and astonishment of the whole kingdom . The persons who advised this measure had much to answer for.—Notwithstanding the silence of the speech , he could not avoid saying a few words upon the military measures to which the noble baron who preceded him alluded with so much satisfaction . When the persons composing the present administration , lamented the inadequacy of the measures of their predecessors , it was naturally to be expected that they had system of more energy and efficiency to propose . But what did they do ? They , began with overturning the whole of the ancient system for keeping up the army ; they proposed measures , the instantaneous effect of which was to damp the spirit of the volunteers ; they proposed measures which ; were productive of an enormous expence and which , he would venture to assert , had , entirely disappointed even the expectation of those from whom they were supposed to originate . One of their measures , the Training act , was never carried into execution ; nor an attempt was made to put in force . He was glad there had not ; for of that measure , which had been brought forward with so much parade , and upon which such reliance appeared to be placed , he had but one opinion ; namely , that was either impracticable , or that it would only be carried into effect with a degree of vexation and inconvenience totally repugnant to the natural feelings of the people —With respect to the regular recruiting he wished to know how far the new system had been more productive than that which was so improvidently superseded by it What , then , he would ask , had those new military measures produced ? it was notorious that the military defence of the country was not now