occasion for the alteration now proposed , much less on so loose and vague a ground as to provide for simple contract debts . It would have the effect of lowering the value of freehold property . Another objection he felt to the measure was , that it would interfere with the elective franchise , which depended altogether on freehold property : and if it was to be made liable for simple contract debts , in cases of small freeholds , the heir might be thereby deprived of one of the most valuable of his rights . He should have no objection to the measure , if it was to be confined to the cases of persons who die suddenly or violently ; for he was sure no honest man who had time to make a will would neglect to provide for his debts . On these grounds , he felt himself inclined to oppose the bill . thought that the bill should extend to copyhold as well as to freehold property , because in many cases the freehold and copyhold property were so blended , that it might be difficult to sell the one , without , at the same time time , selling the other . thought the hon . gent . who began the debate , was right in considering this bill as making a very material change in the law of freehold property . The law as it at present stood , es- 853 tablished the limits of real and personal property . There were but two ways of charging real property , either by deed sealed , or by will . He had doubts of the policy of increasing the modes of affecting freehold property . At present it was impossible to charge it by a single scrap of paper , or by any parole agreement . The effect of this measure would be , to do away that solemnity which the policy of British law required in transactions that affected freehold property . The fact was , that the parties , by their own act , decided the terms of the contract . The creditor who trusted to the simple contract , knew , that he was not in the same situation as if he had a bond , and he who had a bond knew he was not in the situation of one who had a mortgage . He could see no reason why the law should put the creditor in a situation which he did not bargain for . He might have demanded a higher security if he was not satisfied with the lower , and the debtor might have refused it . Why , then , should the law say that a man might have the advantage of the best contract which he could have made ? If the principle were to be recognized it would go much further . A tenant in tail might , by suffering a common recovery , cut off the intail , and make the estate his own , and liable to his debts . If he should die , omitting to suffer such recovery , as the specialty creditor to be let in , who , as the law now stood , was barred ? Was the law , because the debtor might have rendered the estates liable to his specialty debts , to supply his act , and let in such creditor ? Was the creditor to have every advantage by the operation of law , which his debtor by his act could have given him ? Was the principle to be maintained , of legislating for the purpose of putting the creditor in a situation which his own act did not place him in ? This principle was not necessary for the future , and would be unjust as to the present . After the passing of this bill , the freehold property of every man , who bad contracted any obligation for which that property was known not to be liable , would if he died , be charged therewith in the hands of his heir . This would be an instance