Vansittart informed the house , that having been returned for the borough of Helleston , and also for the borough of Old Sarum , he made his election to serve for the latter place.—The following new Writs were then moved for : borough of Cockermouth , in the room of J. Lowther , esq . who had made his election to serve for Cumberland ; borough of Haslemere , in the room of viscount Garlies , now earl of Galloway ; borough of Tralee , in the room of the right hon . M. Fitzgerald , who had made his election to serve for Kerry ; borough of Helleston , in the room of Mr. Vansittart who had made his election to serve for Old Sarum ; borough of St. Michael , in the room of F. W. Trench , esq . who had accepted the Chiltern Hundreds ; borough of Minehead , in the room of Sir John Lethbridge , who had accepted the office of steward of East Hendred.—Mr . Freemantle presented a petition on behalf of the agent for the petitioner against the return for the borough of Saltash , praying of the house to enlarge the time for receiving the usual recognizance . He stated , that the recognizance had been transmitted to the country by the post , in due time to be returned to town , but owing to some unaccountable delay , its transmission back to town had been delayed . The Speaker observed , that it was his duty to call the attention of the house to this subject . By a resolution of the house , the recognizance upon a petition , complaining of an undue election , should be returned within 14 days after presenting such petition ; this had not been done in the present case , but a reason had been stated for this delay ; it was therefore his duty to lay the facts before the house , that the house might consider whether there were sufficient grounds for admitting the receipt of such petition . The question was then put upon bringing up the petition , and carried , nem . con . The petition being then read , the time for returning the recognizance was enlarged until Wednesday next . Mr. Whitbread moved for discharging the order for taking the petition into consideration on the 27th instant , for the purpose of moving its consideration on a future day . The grounds 303 that he stated for this motion were , that there was a number of persons who voted that were supposed to have no legal right to vote , and that therefore it was adviseable to try the legality of their votes in the usual manner , by moving a quo warranto in the Court of King 's Bench . There had not hitherto been sufficient time for trying the validity of those votes in that manner , as the election was on the 4th of November , and the last term ended on the 26th . The object of his motion was , therefore , such a delay as would allow time for the question to be determined by a court of law . He should therefore afterwards move , that the consideration of the petition be postponed until the 12th of February . declared , that he rose under considerable trepidation and alarm . If he were to say that it was diffidence , at presenting himself to a public assembly , such a declaration from a man of his years , and of his former professional habits , would draw down ridicule ; but he felt seriously distressed , when he considered that he was so personally and pointedly attacked . Until yesterday he had not the slightest idea that any member of that house would bring forward such a motion . Although it was true , that the election of Thetford was on the 4th of November , yet the fact Was , that the point now at issue had been settled five years ago , and had been ever since acquiesced in . It was not one term