produce a variety of other beneficial effects . If the noble lord ( H. Petty ) had no objection , as soon as the present motion should be disposed of , he would move for the re-printing of that paper . declared that he should have no objection whatever to the motion of the hon . gent . He allowed that the regulation to which he alluded was extremely proper . It was now under the consideration of his majesty 's government , and in all probability the subject would soon be submitted to the consideration of parliament.—Lord A. Hamilton 's motion was then agreed to : and Mr. S. Bourne immediately moved , that the copy laid before the house of commons on the 20th of 561 March , 1806 , of so much of his majesty 's regulations respecting the barrack department , as related to the safe custody of money intrusted to the barrack-master-general , be re-printed . Ordered . rose to make his promised motion , on the subject of Simple Contract Debts . The injustice of the law in this case was so glaring , and the remedy for that injustice was so obvious , that he should feel it unnecessary to do more than barely to state the object of his motion , were he not aware that a similar measure had formerly been unsuccessfully proposed . By the law as it now stood , a man might contract debts to any amount , not evidenced by bond or other legal instrument ; and , dying with sufficient property amply to satisfy those demands , his estate would pass to his heir at law , and his creditor would remain unpaid ; or were the owner of such property , not before his death , to make a testamentary assignment , however capricious , to a stranger in blood , that stranger might , if he chose , look with indifference and security on the ruin of the creditors . It was very surprising that this evil should have been so long allowed to exist ; more especially when the extent of commerce in this country was considered , and when it was recollected , that all debts on negociable security were merely simple contract debts . Cases had occurred in which persons engaged in expensive commercial speculations , and foreseeing the near and unavoidable approach of great embarrassments , have thought it policy to increase to a larger amount these simple contract debts , and having thus secured property to their heirs , have put a period to their existence , and occasioned an immense loss to their creditors . That an heir should be permitted to enjoy property , in despight of just creditors of that property , although on the faith of that very property credit had been given , was a law peculiar to this country . How did it originate ? To resolve this question , it would be necessary to refer to our history ; to those feudal times , when every proprietor held his land by military tenure , which rendered alienation of property inadmissible ; because , to alienate property would have been tantamount to the desertion of the military standard . Subsequently the usage was less rigorous , and the tenant was allowed , in some degree , to alienate his property . In the 13th year of the reign of Edward I . 562 he was allowed to alienate half his landed property ; and a few years afterwards a law was passed , by which he was permitted to alienate the whole of it . Still , however , the law which secured landed property from being subject to the payment of simple contract debts remained . It had survived the season of its original existence five hundred years ! It was astonishing that the law should be so lax in one respect , and so rigid in another , closely analogous . If a man in trade gave credit to a man of landed property , and that man of landed property died without making provision for the payment of his debt