deputy clerk of the crown attended , pursuant to order , and erased the names of lord Fitzharris and lord Palmerston , who were returned with Mr. L. P. Jones and colonel Wilder to serve for the borough of Horsham.—Sir J. Newport brought in the bill to amend the Corn Intercourse act , passed last session , by not extending the provision of the former act to any grain not the growth of Great Britain and Ireland . The bill was read a first time . General Walpole moved that the order 470 of the day for hearing this petition be discharged , and proposed that the 17th of March be the day fixed upon for that purpose , as much more convenient to the party petitioning . thought , that such a motion not being a motion of course , some reason should be specified to induce the house to do that which , upon mere general grounds , it seemed averse to do . He , for his part , was such an enemy to any teazing procrastination in the case of election petitions , that he should feel it his duty to vote against the motion of the hon . general , unless it appeared to him to be grounded upon substantial reasons . The hon . general had stated merely , that if his motion was not agreed to , it would be productive of inconvenience to the petitioning party . This might be true , but it was , notwithstanding , too loose and general a statement to warrant the extraordinary indulgence now called for . said that when a similar indulgence was claimed for the Aberdeen petition , the hon . gent . did not seem to think this indulgence so extraordinary , nor did he in that instance at least appear such an enemy to delay as he now professed himself to be . And yet with respect to the two cases , they were entirely analogous , except in one or two points , which gave that of the Londonderry petition stronger claim upon the indulgence of that house . Both places were precisely the same distance , with this difference , and a material one it was , the great uncertainty of passage . His own repeated experience had enabled him to state , that the communication between the two countries as to the county in question , had often not been effected within less than a fortnight , and to his own personal knowledge , once did not take place within less than 3 weeks . He moved , therefore , for the delay , in order that sufficient time might be allowed for the necessary exchange of communications between this country and Ireland . replied , that six weeks had already elapsed since the petition had been presented , and that in that time the necessary communication might have been made . apologised for trespassing upon the house , but as he had been as yet the only member who had travelled through the fiery ordeal of an Irish election petition , the subject was too interesting for him to let pass without some observation . 471 He begged leave to assure the house of the indispensable necessity of an Irish agent being brought over here , and that even this step , simple as it might appear , was , he could state from experience , productive of great trouble and considerable delay ; besides , it was not one simple communication that might be necessary , but perhaps more , as , it some errors accompanied the first here , this first should be sent back again , and thus the delay of transmission might be very reasonably expected . The house had granted a further day in the case of the Aberdeen petition , and for his part he thought that there were twenty times the grounds for granting a like indulgence in the present case . in explanation , begged leave to remind the house , that the Aberdeen case was in two material points distinct from that now before the house ; the peculiar