every regard for their lordships ' convenience , that , on the one hand , sufficient time should be given for the consideration of this very important subject ; whilst , on the other , that no longer delay should take place than was absolutely necessary , in the expression of the opinion of that house , with respect to the result of the negociation . His lordship concluded by moving , that the papers be taken into consideration on Friday the 2d of January.—Ordered . Lord Grenville rose for the purpose of moving the Thanks of the House to sir John Stuart , and the officers and soldiers by whose valour the victory of Maida was obtained . His lordship said he had ever been of opinion that the high honour conferred by a vote of thanks of that house , ought to be reserved for great occasions ; for deeds of valour of a superior description , for actions which tended to throw a lustre around the British name , or materially to benefit the interests of the country . Of this general description and character he conceived the instance to be on which he should presently move their lordships to come to a vote of thanks ; and on that principle he proceeded—The case before them was most distinguishable for its display of heroic valour , 214 and as tending to illustrate the position , that wherever the British troops had been equal in point of numbers to their adversaries , or even where they were not greatly inferior , that native and characteristic valour for which they were so eminently distinguished , failed not to display itself , and to secure the palm of victory . In this view , he knew not where , in all the military annals of this country , to look for a more signal or brilliant example than that which gave rise to his present observations . In viewing this operation , the first consideration that presented itself was the great disparity in the number of troops on the side of the British : these were considerably less than 5000 men . Of the enemy there were certainly many more . What was the result ? that the number of killed , wounded , and taken prisoners , either in the action at Maida itself , or in its approximate consequences , considerably exceeded the number of the victorious army ! He knew of no occasion which could more forcibly call upon them for the testimony of their thanks , by affording which the assurance would be held out to them , that while his majesty 's troops were risking their lives and combating for their country , no part of that country was insensible to their merits , or would hesitate to express its grateful sense and approbation of them . Upon these grounds it was , that he then moved , 1st , `` That the thanks of this house be given to major-general sir John Stuart , K. B. and also to the hon . brigadier-gen. G. Lowry Cole , and brigadier-gen. W. P. Ackland , for their gallant and meritorious conduct in the action with the French troops at Maida on the 4th of July last , and to the officers under their command . Secondly , That the Thanks of this house be given to the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers serving under the same , for their bravery and good conduct , and that this vote be signified to them by the officers of the respective corps . `` —On the question being put , these motions were voted , nem . diss . and the thanks were ordered to be communicated to the general officers in the usual way.—The house then adjourned for the Christmas recess till Wednesday the 31st instant . Lord Ossulston stated , that his majesty had been waited upon with the Address of this house upon his majesty 's 215 most gracious speech , as delivered by the lords commissioners , when his majesty was pleased to return for answer , that he thanked his loyal Commons ; that