than to leave the fees on the basis of the regulations and practice of the Exchequer . It 705 therefore becomes necessary to inquire what these regulations and that practice were . By the act of 4th William and Mary , the barons of the Exchequer were directed to inquire what were the ancient and legal fees . Those fees were reported and vested by law in the officers . But notwithstanding the title by usage , and the investment by law , an alteration was made in 1702 . In that year great exertions being required , the sum which was raised for the public service , 1,600,000l . was considered so great as to render it proper to look to some reduction upon the Exchequer fees , and in consideration of the largeness of the sum a reduction was made . In 1744 , on the same principle , the supplies being larger than at any former period , 6,600,000l . being raised for the general service of the year , besides 2,200,000l . for the army , it was agreed by the officers of the Exchequer to reduce the fees one-third . The law and the practice of the Exchequer ought to be no more a bar to the reduction of the fees now , than they were then ; and certainly the vast increase in the amount of the public expences , and every other reason , make much more strongly in favour of the reduction at this moment . My motion will embrace all offices and all places , and all incomes deprived from the state . There is one department in particular to which the inquiry I recommend will apply with particular effect . I mean that of the Courts of Justice . In the Report of the Committee of Finance , sinecure offices to the amount of 26,500l . in than department , are pointed out as admitting of total reduction . The committee , in pointing out the propriety of this reduction , and the proper mode of carrying it into effect , quote the opinion of lord Hale , saying , that timely amendment did much good , and prevented much evil , particularly in things connected with the general weal ; but that the reform ought not to be made abruptly , nor all at once ; but gradually , with as much attention as possible to the rights of individuals . I do not find that any thing has been done upon this Report , or that any part of its recommendations has been carried into execution . Ten years have elapsed , since the Committee in its 27th report , pointed out as worthy of consideration , whether these offices should be abolished as they became vacant , and yet nothing has been done in compliance with that recommendation . Lord Hale says 706 of offices executed by deputy , why are they continued if they are unnecessary ; and if they are necessary , why should they not be executed at the charge which is found sufficient for the deputy ? Why is the state to be burthened with immense salaries to unemployed principals , who do nothing but bear the name of the office ? In the 26,000l . I alluded to , no service whatever is done . In the thirty reports of the Committee of Finance , there are several other instances of offices of the same kind , but I do not think it necessary to trouble the house with detailing any more than the principal branches , in which the propriety of reform is obvious . My motion will embrace every branch of the Public Expenditure . The powers I propose to give to the committee are the same as those granted to the committee of 1797 . The Pension List was not referred to the committee of that time , neither would I have it expressly referred to the committee now proposed ; but my motion will be framed in such a manner that the committee will be enabled to attend to that branch of Expenditure , as well as to