. The hon . and learned gentleman further com- 511 plained , that the Training bill had not , on the present occasion , been made a subject of discussion . If it were intended to examine this act , it would be easy to bring the matter before the house , but when the Army Estimates were under deliberation , it seemed improper to blend with that enquiry , what was so foreign and irrelevant . He should in this respect certainly follow the example of his right hon . friend , except by making a single remark upon it , that fit measures were taken to carry it into effect , and he entertained no doubt of its salutary operation . said , it was his intention to have delivered his sentiments on the present subject , but at that hour , after the very ample explanations which had been made by the noble lord and the right hon . gentleman , he should be ashamed to trespass on the time of the house ; and , as he understood a further discussion would take place on the subject , he would reserve himself for that occasion . begged leave to correct an error , which the secretary at war had fallen into in the course of his speech . The right hon . gent . had said , that he had pledged himself to make a charge against his majesty 's ministers . He certainly wished to see how far the pledges made by those ministers had been fulfilled , or had , or had not been released . He did not pledge himself to make such a charge , but he professed an anxiety to examine the papers , and see how far those who had been so willing to bring forward charges of want of economy against former ministers , had themselves acted upon that principle . replied , that it would appear , from the papers before the house , that since the present ministers came into office , they had uniformly observed the strictest economy.—After some conversation between Mr. Windham , sir J. Doyle , lord Castlereagh , and Mr. Rose , upon the subject of whether the returns from the inspector-general 's or the adjutant-general 's department , were the most correct to go by , upon the future discussion of this question , the original resolution was read and agreed to , without further opposition . then rose , and having apologised fur troubling the house at that late hour , observed , that as some of the present estimates came more particularly within the department of the treasury , it 512 was necessary for him to detain the house for a few moments . The estimates he alluded to were those of the Commissariat and barrack departments , the first of which could not be included in the army extraordinaries , and therefore stood in a separate estimate . The sum to be voted under this head was the same as last year , amounting to 841,526l ; 50,000l . of which sum was to defray the expenses of the royal military canals . This was the last issue to be made for that purpose , consequently , a very great reduction would take place in that expenditure . The only additional sum for the barrack department which he meant to nerve for , was 57,000l . for erecting and completing new works . At the same time , he observed , that it was not the intention of government to undertake any more new works , but such as were found to be absolutely necessary . The barracks at Portsmouth were the principal object of this grant ; they were considered as essentially necessary , and , it was possible , might not cost more than 47,000l. , for although , technically speaking , they were denominated new works , yet they were in a considerable state of forwardness . He had the satisfaction to state , that , the year before last , the expences of that department amounted to 1,100,000l . which had been reduced to 550,000l