, Sir C. M. Lascelles . hon . E. Canning , right hon . G. Leslie , C. P. Cartwright , W. R. Leigh , R. Holt Castlereagh , lord Long , right hon . C. Champernowne , A . Long , R. Cowper , hon . E. S. Magens , M. Dorien De Ponthieu , J. Osborn , J. Fane , J. Patteson , J. Fellowes , hon . N. Peale , sir R. Fuzhugh , W. Perceval , hon . S. Hill . hon . W. Robinson , hun . F. 788 Rose , right hon . G. Townshend , hon . W. Rose , G. H. Tremayne , J. H. Ryder , hon . R. Turton . sir T. Smith , J. Vyse , R. Somerset , lord A . Ward , R. Stanhope , S. Williams , R. Stewart , hon . E. R. Wright , J. Atkins Stopford , lord Wood , T. Sutton , C. M. Tellers . Strutt , J. H. Sir H. Mildmay Taylor , W. T. A. Smith . Lord Grenville said , he had the honour to present to their lordships the bill of which he had some time since given notice , for the better Regulation of the Courts of Justice in Scotland . On entering into the discussion of this subject , he could not begin better than by obviating a misrepresentation which had been industriously circulated , and which had stated his object to be , to assimilate the law of Scotland to that of this country . He had no such view , nor could he conceive any theory more erroneous , any project more wild and pregnant with danger , than that of endeavouring to impose the laws of one country upon another , without considering the difference of habits and manners . It was no part of his intention , nor had he ever so stated it , to propose any alteration in the law of Scotland ; his object was that that law should be better administered . That some measure of this nature was absolutely necessary must be obvious to their lordships . Their table was now loaded with Appeals , the greater part of which were from the Court of Session in Scotland , and which increased so much faster than it was possible for their lordships to decide upon them , appropriating for that purpose all the time which they could devote consistently with the other duties which they had to perform , that their lordships ' house had nearly become bankrupt with respect to the administration of justice . He meant not to throw the slightest imputation upon the learned persons who composed the court of session : nor did he wish in this discussion to make the least reference to individuals . It was the constitution of the court of session itself which was faulty , and which rendered it impossible to do justice to the suitors in that court ; above all , to do speedy justice , which was most essential to the due administration of law . The ac 789 cumulation of business in the court of session had arisen from causes which were highly satisfactory ; from the great improvement which had rapidly taken place in Scotland since the American war , in commerce , in manufactures , and in agriculture . The extension of commerce and of manufactures necessarily gave rise to a great number of suits frequently involving questions highly complicated , and which at the same time were in a great degree new to the court of session . Thus it had happened that the business of that court had so greatly accumulated , that were no new suits to he instituted , it would require two years to get through the business already before the court . It was obvious , therefore , both with respect to appeals to that house from the court of session , and with respect to the business of that court itself , that an evil of great magnitude existed , to which it was necessary to apply a remedy . He had stated last