accused of ? It has been stated , indeed , that the negociation betrayed a scene of artifice and duplicity on the one side , playing upon incredulity on the other . But in what have we been duped ? Where is the proof of our credulity ? These are assertions much more easily made than proved . I defy the gentlemen opposite to point to a single instance in which we have been imposed upon ; and till they do so , I am not much afraid that the house will pay much attention to charges so lightly made , and assertions so little supported . Were we dupes up to the 20th of April ? Did Mr. Fox in the correspondence with M. Talleyrand shew credulity ? Did he make concessions ? Was he seduced into sacrifices ? No . All is refusal , the most victorious refutation of all the sophistry , and an utter rejection of all the offers that were employed to draw us into negociation on terms inconsistent with the just pretensions of the country . Was it in this point there that we were dupes ? Whatever dispute there may be , for I will not say cavil , on other parts , I am confident that thus far , at least , we are beyond reproach . Will it be contended then that we should have refused to listen to the communication of which lord Yarmouth was the bearer ? I do not believe that any man will venture his reputation so far as to say we should . And then , what was the object of lord Yarmouth 's mission ? what of lord Lauderdale 's , but to place the negociation on the original basis , or to put an end to it ? But the offers were false and hollow . Be it so ; but , even if they were false and hollow , they could not have led 316 to peace ; we could not have been imposed upon by them . But , even after all the evidence obtained , after the fact of the insincerity of the enemy , strong as our suspicions may have been , what other course than that we adopted ought we to have followed ? If an enemy , whatever suspicions you may entertain , assumes that appearance of sincerity , and makes proposals , not on the face of them unworthy at least of discussion , would it be wise , would it be politic , peremptorily to reject such advances ; and would it be nothing to undertake the responsibility of such a proceeding , so as either to give rise to charges on our conduct abroad , or , what is more , create discontent and dissatisfaction at home , because we did not employ all just and conciliatory measures to put an end to the calamities of war ? Is it nothing to expose the character of the nation with others , or to give rise to a spirit of dissatisfaction among ourselves , incompatible with those exertions and with those sacrifices which the true interest of the state might require ? After the offer made to lord Lauderdale in September , to the moment of his departure from Paris , not a moment 's delay intervened , which did not arise from a few days ' indisposition with which his lordship was attacked , and from the refusal of the French government to grant passports . Of this the papers on the table furnish the most decisive proofs . Ministers pursued the only course which could afford to England and to Europe , the most convincing proof that our conduct was fair , equitable , and conciliatory , and that of the enemy , false , deceitful , and ambitious.—I will not deny that the prolongation of a negociation is in itself attended with inconvenience . But can it be expected that great and important interests in a perplexed and extraordinary state of human affairs can be adjusted without long and deliberate discussion ? When have the long and fierce contentions of nations been adjusted