session the existence of this evil , and had proposed Resolutions which were adopted by the house with the view of leaving the subject open for consideration . He now proposed to carry into effect the measure , the outline of which was the suggested , with such alterations and improvements as had been suggested by further consideration . The first leading point to which he wished to call their lordships ' attention was the division of the court of session into three chambers ; consisting of five judges each . He was decidedly of opinion that justice would be much better administered by three courts or chambers thus constituted , and having a co-ordinate jurisdiction , than by all the 15 judges sitting as at present in one court . With the smaller number of judges much less time was taken up in delivering opinions , and there was a less chance of difference of opinion arising . If these 15 judges were to deliver their opinions , and each of them , as in the court of session , had to examine voluminous written documents , it must unavoidably happen that differences of opinion would frequently arise , and that considerable delay would take place before a decision could be had upon any suit before them . It was , besides , of the greatest advantage that there should be two or three courts of justice of co-ordinate jurisdiction , the decisions in which openly made , and the opinions of the judges of which openly delivered , would be imme- 790 diately canvassed by an enlightened bar , and would be soon examined by public opinion . The suitor having his choice to commence his suit in either of these courts , public opinion would soon point out by the preference given , in which , if in any , there was the superiority of learning or the more enlightened decisions . The proposed measure of the three chambers would do no violence to the constitution of the court of session , which was originally analogous to the parliament of Paris , and which might be naturally divided in this way . It was thought by some that it would be better to divide the court into two chambers , which in that case must consist of eight and seven judges . He was decidedly , however , of opinion , for the reasons he had stated , that the three chambers would be much preferable . The next point to which he had to call their lordships ' attention was , the proposed alteration of the trial by jury in Scotland to civil cases . Of the inestimable advantages of the Trial by Jury , every Englishman must be perfectly convinced , and it was surely not giving way too much to any prejudices , which he , as an Englishman , might have in favour of this admirable institution , for him to suppose that it might be extended to Scotland with infinite advantage in civil cases , as it had been in criminal cases , and in suits respecting the revenue . Nothing was more conducive to the due administration of justice than the clear distinction of law and of fact , that the facts of a case should , be brought to an issue of fact , upon which a jury might decide , and that the law , as applicable to those facts , should be clearly distinguished : thus , confusion would be avoided , and the law and the facts of each case being accurately pointed out , justice would be administered with clearness and precision . This would alone be effected by the trial by jury , and by the facts of a case being brought to that point of issue in which a jury could decide . In proposing , however , to extend this institution in civil cases to Scotland , it was proposed to confine it to suits respecting what he would denominate personal rights , and to extend it to suits respecting landed estates . The reason of this was , that from the nature