. But perhaps I ought to apologise for speaking so much upon a military subject , because those who are not military , speak most learnedly upon it . Although , in other cases , men seek to know the practice as well as theory of a subject , before they venture to advise upon it , at least it is but natural that others should enquire , whether they have that knowledge , before their ad–vice is taken . We generally conclude men to have some knowledge of their own pro–fession in the ordinary concerns of life . We do n't send our watch to be mended by a shoemaker ; unless , indeed , we inverted Horace 's rule of `` Omnis sapiens est sutor ; '' but even in that case , his further directions should be observed , `` Ne sutor ultra crepidam . '' ( Hear ! hear ! ) But I will not proceed farther upon this topic at present , as other opportunities will occur for discussing it . And now let me implore gentlemen to recollect , that the eyes , not only of this country , but of Europe , and of the whole civilized world , are anxiously fixed upon the proceedings of the British senate , as the last remaining prop of expiring liberty . The hopes and destinies of Europe hang upon your decisions : then let it not be said , that the imperial parliament , forgetting the great objects of its dignified character , shall occupy itself with the little disputes of party politics , contending how to get this man in , or to get that man out of the government , instead of employing all its energies to keep out the arch-enemy of all legitimate governments . We are engaged in no ordinary warfare : we contend with no common enemy , unless , indeed , the common enemy of mankind . He has sworn vengeance . Your sins are of a nature he can not forgive . You are loyal , content , and free ; you aggravate these crimes , you resolve to continue free . Your punishment would be extirpation . He comes not for conquest only , neither would pillage satiate his wrath . Desolation and destruction are his objects ; —the Delenda Carthago he applies to you . The existence of all you hold dear is at stake—property , liberty , life . Be but unanimous—banish party dissentions , let every hand and heart be joined in the common cause . Be but vigilant—let him advance—he will be met by free men , determined to lose their liber–ties but with their lives . ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) contended , that the statements made on a former evening by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had hitherto remained unanswered . He congratulated , however , the gentlemen on the other side , on the new discovery they had made re–specting the merits of the administration of a noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) . After ha–ving , at a former period , heaped upon that noble viscount as a minister every term of reprobation which their imagination could conceive , they had at length found out that his administration was the most ener–getic of any for these three years past . As to the boasted measure of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) for recruiting the army , it must be evident that it had com–pletely failed . This appeared from the right hon . gentleman 's own statement . It could not be expected that it would produce any other result . Was it by frittering away the bounty of the country in pen–nies and twopences that an army was to be raised ? Was it not rather by holding out splendid rewards , which , though only falling to the lot of a few , were inducements to the many , that an army was to be expected to be created ? Ministers how–ever , had not recurred to any thing of this nature , they had rather chosen to