their country strongly contrasted with that of France , could they wish for a better instance than the correspondence of Mr. Fox with M. Talleyrand ? ( hear ! hear ! ) I am glad to perceive this opinion ratified by that of this house , as I am convinced it must be by the judgment , not only of this country , but of all Europe and of posterity.—After Mr. Fox 's letter of the 20th April , the negociation seemed to be at an end , as no answer was received till the 4th of June , about which time also lord Yarmouth arrived from Paris . The letter of M. Talleyrand , then received , reverts generally to former discussions , and does not distinctly admit , either the basis of actual possession , or that we should negotiate jointly with Russia ; though , in point of fact , it was accompanied with a direct overture , satisfactory on both these grounds . Talleyrand , however , proposes to recur to the precedent of 1782 , though , indeed , he evidently misapprehends the true nature of that proceeding . Yet it is nevertheless true , that lord Yarmouth came over distinctly authorized to make an offer of negociation on the basis of actual possession , and to be carried on jointly with Russia . This , indeed , accounts for the delay which had intervened . M. Talleyrand sent for lord Yarmouth , and told him that he had been looking for a person to carry a confidential communication to the British government . It is clear , from this , that Talleyrand was unwilling to commit himself in writing , particularly respecting Hanover , and for that reason delayed sending the letter of the 2d of June till it was accom- 310 panied with an explanation of points he considered too delicate to be in the first instance put into a dispatch . Upon this point the evidence of lord Yarmouth is full and decisive ; and after his explanation in the house a few days ago , it is impossible for any man seriously to doubt that he was fully authorized by the French minister to offer the uti possidetis , and , in substance , joint negociation . I beg , therefore , that gentlemen will resort to this the best evidence , and not carp at any particular expressions in lord Yarmouth 's communication of the 13th of June , a paper not drawn up with technical precision , nor intended for the public , but as a memorandum in the office of foreign affairs . Will it then be denied that lord Yarmouth brought for the consideration of ministers an offer of negociation on the basis of the uti possidetis and jointly with Russia ? Is not the testimony of lord Yarmouth sufficient ? But is not lord Yarmouth 's understanding , that the proposal of France was such as he had described it , proved by the whole tenour of the papers on the table ? In . the first conversation lord Yarmouth had with Talleyrand , does the latter deny those points ? No ; he , indeed , by his silence admits them , and only says , that as circumstances had changed greatly , he did not consider himself bound to the extent of former proposals ; that Russia was negociating separately , and Sicily had been found indispensable to Naples . Such are the topics advanced by M. Talleyrand , but never does he deny what lord Yarmouth asserts . Nay , in a subsequent conference , when the acknowledgement of the French titles and establishments is waved , it is proposed that Sicily should be given up for Hanover ; thus in substance recognizing the basis of uti possidetis , by proposing that we should give up for an equivalent that which it was agreed should be ceded purely and simply . The fact was never denied , though the terms were often changed . There are , indeed , some expressions in one of the notes of the French plenipotentiaries , which indeed