on which the noble lord had dilated at the close of his speech , , he assured him that he had no idea of priding himself on the popularity of Mr. Paull , but the contrary . In alluding to the popularity of Mr. Paull at Westminster , he only meant to , shew , that , comparing popularity with popularity , Mr , Paull had completely beaten the treasurer of the navy , until the government coursers were harnessed to the car , by which means the right hon . gent . got a-head of his rival . [ Cry of Order ! Order ! ] entered into an eulogium on the victory of Maida . So few were the opportunities offered to our brave troops , of meeting the enemy on fair ground , that he sincerely regretted that notice of this . victory did not make a feature of his majesty 's speech , although whenever similar opportunities did offer , he was satisfied 91 that similar results would ensue . Adverting to what the noble lord had said of Lincelles , he contended that it was quite a different affair from that at Maida . The victory of Lincelles was highly gallant , and highly honourable , but it was obtained by a mere detachment , who were sent to attack a post under the very eye of the commander-in-chief . in addition to what had fallen from the hon . baronet , observed , that at the battle of Maida , general Stuart actually possessed the chief command in Sicily ; for sir J. Craig had left that island , and the commander-in-chief appointed to succeed him had not arrived . The statement therefore made by the noble lord was by no means strictly correct . But had it been correct , it would by no means have justified the omission complained of . When lord Nelson achieved the splendid victory of the Nile , was he not under the command of lord St. Vincent ? yet that achievement had been noticed in the speech from the throne . The omission of any allusion to the situation of Ireland had been attempted to be justified by declaring that no good was likely to result from such an allusion . This was very true ; but ought not every thing important and connected with the interests of the empire to find a place in his majesty 's speech without any qualification ? He was happy to hear that government looked to the state of the finances of the country with such confidence , and he cordially concurred with the noble lord in the just praise he had bestowed on lord Sidmouth for his attention to this subject . in explanation , allowed , that he found he had not been altogether Correct in his statements , with regard to the precise state of rank which sir J. Stuart held at the time of the battle of Maida . Admitting this , he still maintained , that there was no distinct rule of proceeding ; but that his majesty 's ministers were bound to regulate their conduct by the various circumstances which different cases must necessarily present . The report was then read and agreed to , and the address was ordered to be taken up to his majesty , by such members of the house as were of his majesty 's most honourable privy council.—It was then ordered , that the speech of the lords commissioners to both houses of parliament , be taken , into consideration upon Monday next : after which the house adjourned . The earl of Aylesford stated , that his majesty had been waited on with the Address of that house , to which his majesty had been pleased to return a most gracious answer , thanking the house for their determination to concur in every measure which the exigency of affairs might require.—Lord Grenville presented , by his majesty 's command , the Papers respecting the late Negociation . In moving , his lordship said , to fix a day for the discussion , it was his wish , with