used by the French ministers , which is stated in the papers , that if we had made peace at the period alluded to in the papers , the treaty of the confederation of the Rhine would never have been signed , or at least would not have been published . It happens , however , that supposing peace to have been concluded with the utmost rapidity after the arrival of our ministers at Paris , the treaty could not have been signed before the treaty of the German confederacy was published . Thus this very confederation must unavoidably have preceded the treaty , and , supposing it to have happened the day after , it would necessarily have been a cause for war . My lords , I will only make one more observation respecting the stay of our minister at Paris . It was perfectly evident that , when the chief of the French government set out to take the command of the army , it was impossible that the negociation and hostilities against an ally of one of the parties negotiating could go on pari passu . The assembling of the French army was , indeed , a sufficient cause for breaking off the negociation , and when the chief of the French government set out to commence hostilities against the ally of Russia , it was clearly impossible that the negociation and the hostile attack could go on at the same time . My lords , at the opening of the session , every thing like a pledge to his majesty respecting the result of the negociation was carefully avoided , until the papers should be regularly before the house . Now that the subject comes regularly under your lordships ' discussion , I intend to propose that your lordships should pledge yourselves to support his majesty in this contest , the continuance of which has been rendered absolutely necessary by the ambition of France . His lordship concluded by moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , to assure him 270 that this house have taken into serious consideration the papers relative to the late negociation , which he has been pleased to lay before them , and that we see with gratitude , that he has employed every means to restore the blessing of peace , in a manner consistent with the interests and glory of his people , and at the same time , with an observance of that good faith with our allies , which this country is bound to retain inviolate . That while we lament that by the unbounded ambition of the enemy , these laudable endeavours to restore tranquillity to his kingdom , have been frustrated , we beg leave to assure his majesty , that no exertion shall be wanting , on our part to support and assist him , in the adoption of such measures as may yet be found necessary , either for the restoration of peace , or to meet the various exigencies of the war in this most important crisis . '' and said : — Although , my lords , we may differ in some instances with respect to the particular mode and course pursued in this negociation , yet , on the present occasion , there can be no room for difference as to the great principles and the result . I am convinced , that , at this moment , while our enemy continues to pursue his aggressions , and to follow that system by which his conduct has been regulated since the commencement of his career , such a peace as we alone look to as affording security to ourselves and allies is utterly unattainable . I therefore most completely concur with the noble lord upon the great points which he has stated , and of course do not feel desirous of urging any material objection to the address . At the same time this address may , in some parts , be liable to ambiguity , and therefore , if I do agree to it , it must be with some qualification . But