taken at the proposed rate , but their maintenance must be included in the expenditure of the family . said , that that was provided for in his plan , and if the house would allow it to go to a committee , he was convinced that he could prove satisfactorily , by calculations in detail , all that he had stated.—After a short conversation , the motion was withdrawn , as informal , and another substituted by the earl of Warwick for the appointment of a committee to consider of the best mode of raising the revenue ; which was put and negatived . The following members were chosen a committee to try the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election and return for Wick , Dornock & c. : J. Shaw , T. Brooke , H. Thornton , B , Hobhouse , R. E. D. Grosveror , sir W. Middleton , H. Fane , R. Sharp , R. Wigram , T.Baring , W. Jones , R H. Bradshaw , lord Bernard . Nominees , Peter Moore , right hon . H Erskine.—Lord Folkestone begged leave to call the attention of the house to the Petition of Mr. Paull , which he had presented the preceding day , and upon which he had given notice 1032 of a motion for Monday next . His object in presenting the petition had been to have witnesses called and examined at the bar , touching the allegations contained in it . As no order had yet been made on it , he proposed to move then , that the petition be taken into consideration on Monday , with a view to move afterwards that certain witnesses should be ordered to attend at the bar of that house , at the time when the petition was to be taken into consideration . He had mentioned the course he proposed to pursue to a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) , whom he did not then see n his place , and he was authorized to state to the house that neither that right hon . gent. , nor any of his friends , had any objection to his motion . The petition was then ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday , and W. Drake , W. Drake .jun. , Ann Drake , T. Weatherhead , John Richards , and several other persons , were ordered to attend the house at the same time . Mr. Sheridan , if he had been in his place at the time , would have seconded the motions of the noble lord . Neither these , nor any other motion that could be brought forward by that noble lord , which would have the effect of expediting the decision of the charges contained in the petition , would meet with any opposition from him , or from any of his friends . As he was on his . legs , he thought it not amiss to give , notice , that he should on Monday next present a petition from certain electors of Westminster , charging upon the petitioner in this case , and upon his agents , subornation of . perjury.—Mr . Sheridan . presented a petition from certain landholders in the city of Westminster , praying for leave to bring in . a bill for the erection of a bridge over the river . Thames , between Westminster and . Blackfriars bridges . The right hon . gent . stated , that the plan for the bridge was in considerable forwardness , and that the part of the river over which it was proposed to erect the bridge , was that which was nearly in the line of Southampton-street ; and that a high road was to be constructed to the Obelisk , St. George's-fields , Surrey . The petition was then brought up , and referred to a committee composed of the members of the , cities of London and Westminster—Mr . Hibbert presented a petition from certain West-India merchants , planters , & c stating the losses winch they should sustain by the abolition of the slave