? If he does , I would refer him to the note of Sebastiani , who was sent to Constantinople to insist upon the deposition of the Hospodars , in direct violation of the treaty with Russia . Sebastiani , on his journey , passed through the dominions of these princes , and received from them the rites of hospitality , and several valuable presents , at the moment that he was about to solicit their deposition . Peace then would not have prevented any of the scenes that have lately been exhibited on the continent . If Bonaparte had then stated that Great Britain , who had been the means of exciting the flames of war all over the continent , had seized the first opportunity of concluding a peace upon the most mercenary and selfish grounds , and then endeavoured to persuade the nations of Europe , that there could be no peace on the continent till England should be humbled , then , instead of possessing the friendship of Sweden , instead of being 323 linked in the closest alliance with Russia , now opposing France with not inferior numbers , and with great advantages of situation , we should have been left alone , an object of universal jealousy and suspicion , and without the power of contributing any thing towards the exertions for restraining the ambition and encroachments of France . Every advantage , therefore , of which the nature of the case would admit , results from the part which we have acted . But , sir , I am at the same time far from encouraging very sanguine expectations , after all that has happened on the continent within these few years . The event is in the hands of `` Him who giveth the victory . '' But one thing is clear , that the progress of Bonaparte has never yet been stopped by submission , and our only hope , therefore , is in resistance , as far as we can resist his ambitious projects . We have done what our honour and our duty called upon us to do . When this instrument of vengeance may be deprived of his terrors , I know not ; but we may at least look to the honour and independence of this country , as secure against all his attacks , and while this country exists as an independent and an honourable nation , there will still remain some hopes of restoring that political balance in Europe , which has for the present been overturned.—I should have now concluded , sir , but there are two points which , in justice to my noble friend ( Lauderdale ) and the public , I can not entirely pass over . On the 30th of August , the negociation appeared to be at an end . On the 4th of September , however , my noble friend was invited to a conference . The note said to be delivered to him by the French , was , in fact , never delivered . If such a note had been received by him , and he had his passports with him , he ought not , and I trust he would not , have waited a moment longer in France , but would instantly have considered the negociation as at an end . But what is the object of a note , which could be so easily disproved ? This it is not easy to guess , but at all events sure I am that nothing could be more unjust . Now the other point is , the charge that a sudden change had taken place in the negociation after the political death of Mr. Fox . After he was dead , it was said that the war party had got the ascendancy , and that we wished to break off the negociation . That any change took place in consequence of that event , I most positively deny . My 324 noble friend ( lord Grenville ) has too independent a mind to have been directed by any leader , and I can take upon