of the Attorney and Solicitor General with respect to an allowance of ingrain on coals had been given in the Report , but there was no opinion with respect to the fraud , as that was not then before them . It was difficult to find out where the frauds rested . A Mr. Hargrave , a coal-merchant , delivered 60 chaldron of coals for Mr. Davison , at 46s per chaldron , and yet this same Hargrave certified the price to be 60s per chaldron . Now , there was the case of Mr. Emerson , of Dover , who supplied coals at 45s per chaldron , and charged 9s 6d for carriage from Dover to Deal for each chaldron , making 54s 6d , whereas the certificate was , that the coals were 31. per chaldron , and that the carriage was 17s 8d . It might be supposed that the quantities ordered by Mr. Davison being so large , the merchants might have supplied him at a cheaper rate than the ordinary price . But this was not the case ; for in one case where only 4 chaldrons were furnished , a monstrous surcharge appeared . Some of the transactions were attempted to be explained , but with regard to others , neither Mr. Davison , nor his clerk , it was said , attempted any explanation . The right hon . gent . then adverted to the ledger of George Walker , ( who was executed a few months since for forgery ) and to the differences of the prices which it disclosed . On the closest attention he could give the subject , he was inclined to think that some part might be immediately recovered , and that there were grounds for a criminal prosecution against some person . For that reason , he wished to have the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General , on the latter point . It manifestly appeared , that there had been great abuses 676 in the Barrack Department . It appeared that Davison had on some occasions got a sight of the terms given in by others , and by that means , by offering a trifle more , had secured the contract . If the noble lord was of opinion that any inconvenience would arise from the production of the paper , he would not press his motion . The rt . hon . gent . concluded by moving , `` That the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor-General relative to the Abuses in the Barrack Department , arising out of the Third Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , be laid before the house . '' said , he should not follow the right hon . gent . through all the points he had touched upon , but he could not but notice the position which had been laid down by him , that this was of that class of prosecutions which ought to be conducted under the authority of that house rather than by the Treasury . He might state without fear of its being controverted , that it was the duty of the Treasury , when they discovered any frauds to have been committed , to take measures for their punishment , and to secure the public interests . If the Treasury did not act in this manner , they would merit the censure of that house ; and if the Treasury should omit to take such measures , it would become the duty of that house to take such steps as might appear necessary on the occasion . But he should ask , what convenience would result from the house instituting a prosecution , after a proceeding had been adopted by the Treasury ? The only effect of granting the paper moved for by the right hon . gent . would be to convey information to the defendant , of the strong and weak parts of the evidence against him , whereby he might be enabled to frustrate the objects of the prosecution , by secreting such parts of the evidence as might be necessary to supply any deficiencies at