bill was proposed , at a time when the bill yielded at the rate of 9,000 men a year , without the slightest injury to the ordinary recruit- 488 ing , and subsequently , when it produced 300 men a week , and when thus producing at the rate of 16,000 men a year , he had called on parliament not to abandon it . Had the right hon . gent . proposed some auxiliary measure which afforded to the country the probability of giving to it the amount of force which it wanted , while the experiment of his new system was trying , he might perhaps have been induced to accede to the continuation of that experiment . But the right hon . gent . in answer to a question which he had put to him , on a recent evening , had distinctly disclaimed the supposition , that any such auxiliary measure was in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers . Had such a measure been proposed , he should not have been so completely justified as he now felt himself to be , in opposing a system which was not only immediately injurious , but prospectively destructive to the British army . It was for the present parliament to consider whether they would , for the first time , make themselves parties to this new system of expence and ruin . For his own part , he felt he abandoned his public duty , if he did not candidly state to the house that , strong as his impression was of the mischief , disadvantages , and dangers arising out of the measure of last year , it was nothing , compared with that which he felt in considering the effect which the new code contained in his majesty 's warrant of the 7th day of October , for the regulation of the army , and which had been laid on the table of the house of commons during the present session , was calculated to produce . It was with considerable regret that he had heard the right hon . gent . during the last session declare , that he had made his mind completely up on all the points of his plan ; yet this warrant shewed that he had not ventured to execute what he had stated it was his intention to execute . Of this he certainly did not complain . But it shewed conclusively , a distrust on the part of the right hon . gent . on the very outset of his system ; which he must have considered likely to fail , or he would not have disappointed the expectations of the soldiers of 21 years ' service . When he had stated to the right hon . gent . that the annual number of these amounted to 5 or 6 thousand men , and that his measure in this respect was likely to counteract itself , he listened to those statements with unbending firmness : but when he came to carry the measure into execution , he dreaded the con- 489 sequences , and altered his resolution.—But there were other points in this code of regulations which had caused the apprehensions of danger in his mind to swell into the utmost magnitude : he pledged himself to bring this subject before the house in a detailed discussion , although he had not determined whether to avail himself of the introduction of the Mutiny bill for that purpose , or to move a specific resolution on those points , which , in his opinion , seemed likely to involve the country in fundamental military ruin . In candour to the right hon . gent . he would state three or four of the leading points to which he objected . The first ( which was towards the close of the warrant ) , went to the complete subversion of the situation of a soldier , as it had hitherto existed in the British army , and to the total destruction of all order and subordination . The right hon . gent . had placed the claim of the