year : he did not mean , in stating this , to claim any extraordinary acknowledgement of merit as due to the present Board of Ordnance ; he rather thought that the present reduction might more justly be imputed to the adequate supplies of former years , which , in facilitating the progress of the public works , had lessened the grants of money necessary to support them . If the Board of Ordnance had any claim to merit , it was for the uniform zeal with which the Board resisted all the projects of expenditure that had been submitted to them , and consulted upon all occasions the most practical economy . The principal reductions were owing to the completion of those great works in Kent , and upon the coast of Sussex , which , while erecting , were productive of an expence of no inconsiderable magnitude . The sum now required would be found to be 600,000l . less than that voted last year , and this too , notwithstanding the increase of 1,400 men in one battalion of foot artillery ; the increased expence of the establishments of engineers , and the augmentation of pay to the artillery , granted by his majesty . This threefold addition to our expenditures would amount to 150,000l . so that had there not been a reduction of 600,000l . the increase now required would be 750,000l . As to the Ordnance Estimates for Ireland , the dimi- 424 nution would be found to be in the same proportion , and to be ascribed to the same cause ; and in general he could say , and it was great satisfaction to him that he felt warranted in saying , that whoever should have the honour of discharging , next year , the duty he was now called upon to perform , would yet have a more pleasing task , as the reduction would , by that time , be still greater , as the lines of Chatham , and the great works now carrying on at Dover and the Coast , would , by that time , be completed . He had but one observation more to make , that since the estimates had been laid upon the table , an advance upon the vote of credit had been made to the amount of 400,000l . ; he would therefore , from the sum originally required , make a deduction to that amount . He did not think , it necessary to detain the committee further than by stating , that he was very willing to give every information in his power to any gentleman , and should listen with respect to any suggestion the hon , gentlemen opposite should think it necessary to offer.—The hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` 1 . That a sum , not exceeding 2,278,197l . 0s . 10d . be granted to his majesty , for the charge of the Office of Ordnance for Laud Service for Great Britain , for the year 1807.—2 . That 479,246l . 19s . 7d . be granted to his majesty , for the charge of the Office of Ordnance in Ireland , for the year 1807.—3 . That 301,406l . 9s . 8d . be granted to his majesty , for defraying the expence of services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain , and not provided for by parliament in the year 1805.—4 . That 262,365l . 14s . 2d be granted to his majesty , for defraying the expence of services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain , and not provided for by parliament in the year 1806 . '' The report was ordered to be received to-morrow . At four o'clock the Speaker counted the house , when above 100 members being present , the house proceeded to ballot for a committee to decide on the double return from Horsham . Forty members having been balloted , a minor committee was appointed , and retired into one of the committee chambers for the purpose of reducing the committee of