, at the papers presented to parliament , and see what turns out to be the fact ? Why , the letter was written on the 20th of April , and not on the 26th of March . There had , therefore , been no pause of a month to satisfy the noble lord and his colleagues that the negociation was at an end . The whole of the noble lord 's argument , as built on this suppositious date , falls to the ground ; and the whole of mine , which that false date appeared to overthrow , is replaced ( as I presume to think ) on the ground on which it was originally founded . I must , however , do the noble lord the justice to say , that as soon as he was aware of his mistake , he shewed his desire to correct it . He did come down to the house the following day , and state that he had been wrong in the date of Mr. Fox 's letter ; that it was not of the 26th of March , but of the 20th of April . [ p . 82 . ] But the mere correction of the date , without applying that correction to the state of the argument between us , was of little importance , except so far as it evinced the noble lord 's candour . It was not the mere mistake of dates , but of facts , and of consequences , that was matter of important consideration.—But , in truth , I can not help thinking that the noble lord 's recollection still deceives him . I can not now believe that ministers really thought the negociation with 403 France at an end on the 20th of April ; because if they did so , I can not frame to my own imagination a plausible excuse for their not having communicated the negociation , so far as it had gone , to parliament . They certainly were proud enough of it—justly —be it so—And then what a help would it have been to any future negociation , to have had the sanction of parliament to so much as had already been done ? To have had the determination not to treat except conjointly with Russia adopted and approved by parliament , would have been the securest way of disappointing any subsequent attempt to disunite us . That alone would have prevented M. D'Oubril 's separate treaty . That alone would have spared us the unlucky refinement of `` separately in form , but substantially in concert with each other . '' It would have given publicity , and with publicity , stability to our connection with Russia ; it would have baffled the policy of France ; and saved Prussia from ruin . But , sir , they could not believe the negociation to be at an end . This is the apology which I must make for the noble lord and his colleagues , in spite of his own disclaimer of it.—True it is , that there was a pause in the French correspondence after Mr. Fox 's letter of the 20th of April . But why ? Because that letter was so formidably decisive as the noble lord would fain represent it ? No such thing . Because the negociation with England was itself but a secondary matter in Buonaparte 's estimation , and kept pace exactly with the progress of the other more important transactions which he had in hand : because the same courier who carried to M. Talleyrand Mr. Fox 's clear and explicit letter of the 20th of April , carried also the copy of that still more clear and explicit document , the king 's message , which announced our hostilities with Prussia . And well might M. Talleyrand pause ; well might he rest and lie upon his oars for some short interval , after an effort so masterly and so successful ; well might he grow comparatively careless and languid in the prosecution of the negociation with England , when the object for which principally