liberty and tranquillity of Europe.—We have come out of this negociation , in one respect , with honour ; as having maintained in substance our faith with our allies . I attach the full value to this circumstance , and give ministers full credit for it . In other respects , I have stated freely what I think of their conduct ; and I should not patiently bear to be told , that in doing so I have transgressed the bounds of my duty , as an Englishman , or as a member of parliament . —I have indeed heard it said , that in making such observations as I have taken the liberty to make , in pointing out the errors of ministers , in dwelling upon what ( if wrong at all ) are represented as merely slips in the declaration , persons who have taken that part have been guilty of petty cavilling , and have exposed the weakness of their own cause . Cause ? What cause ? I have no cause in this business , but the cause of my country . I know not how I can better serve that than by enquiring into the way in which it has been managed by those who have had the conduct of it ; and if it has in any part been misconducted , it is better that we should find out the fault ourselves , than leave it to the detection and comments of the enemy.—But it must indeed be a mismanagement beyond any thing that I have dreamt of imputing to ministers , that could so far change the respective positions of us and our enemy , as to put him wholly in the right and us in the wrong . Pity it is , if in any one particular , appearances have been suffered to be against us . It is for that reason that the slips in the declaration ( if such they be ) , are to be deeply regretted and deplored.—It is deeply to he regretted , that an assertion should have gone forth to the world , in the sacred name of his majesty , which can not be substantiated by facts . It is deeply to be regretted that the misconception ( to give it no harsher name ) from which this false assertion flowed , should have perva- 409 ded so large a portion of the negociation , should have exhausted so much fruitless reasoning , and wasted so much precious time , and led to the omission or misuse of opportunities which it may be impossible to retrieve . And it is subject , not of barren regret only , but of prospective anxiety and of exhortation to ministers , that they should revert as quickly as possible to the pursuit of those objects , and that policy , from which they have been so unfortunately and unaccountably led astray ; and should seek to recover those advantages which in the hopeless pursuit of unattainable peace they were unavoidably tempted to abandon—the advantages of a cordial co-operation with all the remaining powers of the continent.—Sir , I understand the amendment of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) has been disposed of . It is hardly necessary to say , that my vote is given most cordially against it . I can not agree with him , that such a peace appears to have been within our reach , as would alone justify his insinuation , that a favourable opportunity has been thrown away . I do not wonder indeed at his indignation , at finding himself left alone in opinions which he has held for so many years in common with many of those who sit around him . Consistently with those opinions , the hon . gent . had a right to press such an amendment , and to expect a very different reception of it . I certainly rejoice in that change of opinion which leaves him without support ; though , perhaps , I , like him , may be surprised at it . But I am still more surprised