which I can not think that any one who dispassionately considers the subject , can give a negative . What right do we derive from any human institution , or any divine ordinance , to tear the natives of Africa , to deprive them by force of the means of labouring for their own advantage , and to compel them to labour for our profit ? If then to do so is gross injustice and oppression , as I contend it evidently and undoubtedly is , can there be a question that the character of the country ought to be cleared from the stain impressed by the guilt of such a traffic , of a traffic by the effect of which we keep Africa in a state of barbarity and desolation ? In support of the trade , it has been said , that if we did not take away the individuals who are the objects of it , they would be put to death either as prisoners taken in war , or for witchcraft , or other crimes ; but is it not evident , from the testimony we have had upon this subject , that this is not the fact ? On the contrary , we have not only every reason to believe that the men made prisoners in war would be , according to the custom of barbarous nations , made domestic slaves to their captors , but we have every reason to conclude , that it is the temptations held out to the chiefs on the coast of Africa , for the gratification of their passions , that induces them to enter into those frequent wars , and that produces those frequent accusations of crimes , by means of which negroes are procured for the purpose of selling them to our traders . Of the desolating influence of the slave trade , in Africa , and its effects in keeping the country in a state of barbarity , we have sufficient evidence in the Travels of Mr. Parke on that continent , although the work was edited by a person known to be one of the most active opponents of the abolition of the slave trade . Yet we find in that work , that it is towards the interior of the country , that population and civilization increase , and that on the coast barbarity continues to prevail , which can only be attributed to the influence of the trade , which your lordships are now called upon to abolish . My lords , an argument was used against this measure last session , which I can not conceive entitled to the least weight . It was said that we ought not to abolish this trade , unless other powers would agree likewise to abolish it ; that is to say , that we should not do an act of justice , unless other powers would consent 663 or rather that we should continue to commit injustice , and persist in guilt , in criminality , because if we did not , other powers would . As well might it be said , that a man could be justified in robbing another , because if he did not , he knew there was a banditti ready to commit the robbery ; or that an assassin would be justified in committing murder , because he knew that if he did not , others were ready to perpetrate it . This argument , however , bad as it is , fails in its own grounds . The united states of America , who had fixed the period of the abolition to take place in 1808 , have anticipated that period ( I wish we had had the glory of being the first in the race ) , and there is already , according to the last accounts , a bill in its unresisted progress through the legislature , for the immediate abolition of this trade , in which it is declared that death shall be the punishment of those who deal in the blood of their fellow creatures . With respect to the European powers , how