war therefore necessary , they are willing to submit to all the sacrifices which may be requisite to support it , rather than hazard every thing upon the event of a dishonourable peace.—Another consideration upon which I reflect with infinite pleasure and pride , is the present flourishing state of our Finances , which is to be ascribed to two great measures , which have done more towards the welfare and greatness of this country than any that were ever before devised : The one suggested , brought forward , and matured by that illustrious and exalted character , my late right hon . friend now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , I mean the sinking fund , which is unquestionably the greatest measure ever produced by the ingenuity or wisdom of man : —the other , that of raising a considerable part of the supplies within the year , also first brought forward by my deceased friend , and which was acted upon , and in some degree improved , by the noble viscount opposite ( lord Sidmouth ) . Those two measures have been of almost incalculable benefit to the country : the permanent taxes are not , I believe , less than 18 277 millions : the Sinking Fund at this time produces 8 millions and a half ; and if we have but perseverance to go on for a few years , with a strict regard to economy in our general system of expenditure , we shall arrive at that happy period when the Sinking Fund will equal all the loans that may be necessary for the expences of the country ; and though the debt being permanent constitutes what may be called an evil , yet in the resource of the Sinking Fund we have the consolatory reflection of having the means to meet it . It has often heretofore been asked , how long will you go on borrowing and borrowing ; when will the limits of our taxation end ? An answer may now be given : in a few years the Sinking Fund will meet every part of our expenditure , and shew the extensive value of that system , which will crown with immortal honour the memory and name of the illustrious character whose great financial genius produced it . If we look at the commercial resources of the country , we shall find them not less prosperous . The year 1798 has been looked upon as the most prosperous year of commerce that was ever known to this country . But by a paper which I have in my hand , it appears that in 1805 it had reached a much greater height . The amount of the imports in 1798 was 46 millions ; in 1805 , 53 millions . The amount of the exports in 1798 , was 33 millions ; in 1805 , 41 millions . I state these things , my lords , in order to shew the means which we have of continuing the war.—I am , my lords , perfectly satisfied that his majesty 's ministers have acted right in breaking off the negociation rather than give up Sicily , and in not divulging what they would have thought a reasonable exchange or equivalent for Naples . I agree with the noble baron who moved the address , that it would have been wrong to put the enemy in possession of what places or territories you think of high value , or to let them know what is likely to be your ultimatum till the last moment of shewing it . I agree with him also in the fact , that every attempt has been made to detach us from our allies . I rejoice to think those attempts have proved abortive , for nothing redounds more to the honour and magnanimity of this country than the good faith which it has always kept with its allies , and the fidelity which it has uniformly observed towards them . I am happy in being able to say , that I think the country is in the right . We made every 278 reasonable