likely that the discussion would be brought forward upon the day mentioned by the noble lord , or whether it would be postponed any further ? saw no reason to apprehend that any farther delay would be necessary . The noble lord moved , that the order for the second reading of this bill should be fixed for Tuesday se'nnight.—Ordered accordingly . rose , pursuant to notice , to move that the order for the appointment of a committee to consider the petition upon this subject should be discharged , with a view to move for the further postponement . The right hon . gent . was so much of opinion , from what had passed when last this question was before the house , that a motion for further postponement would be immediately assented to if required , that he confessed he heard with considerable surprise of the intention to oppose the motion , particularly on the part of the noble lord ( Folkestone ) , by whom a similar proposition was last submitted to the house . Had he happened to have stood in the predicament of being unable to bring forward such a motion , he really thought that the noble lord would have been ready to propose it himself . At least he felt that he should be warranted , from the noble lord 's former language and conduct , in relying upon his readiness to second him in this proposition . Of the grounds of this reliance , and the justice of his opinion , the house would be able to judge from a short review of the history of the case . When the petition before the house was presented , which was about the 23d of December , the first or second day after any petitions could be received , the noble lord announced the desire of the petitioners that the earliest day possible should be appointed for the bal- 933 lot , and that they were ready at once to go before a committee . Accordingly the 13th of January was appointed . But , notwithstanding the declaration of the noble lord , and the publicly proclaimed resolution of the petitioners , he received , not many days afterwards , a note from the noble lord , stating , that it was through a mistake he presented the petition so soon , and that the parties were not ready to go into the investigation on the day originally appointed . The noble lord , therefore , requested his consent to a further postponement , as a matter of personal accommodation to himself , and a matter of justice towards the petitioners , who would otherwise suffer through his error . Having had an acquaintance with the noble lord , he was certainly disposed to accommodate him , but yet he felt himself bound , before he complied with the noble lord 's request , to consult the opinion of his friends , and they decidedly objected to the delay required . However , when he came down to the house upon the day appointed for the motion , the noble lord applied to him again : and again asking his consent to the motion as a personal favour , he did grant it . So far as he had gone , he believed the noble lord could not say , that what he had stated was not strictly true . But as to the conversation which took place the day the noble lord 's motion of postponement was agreed to , he held in his hand a document which contained it . He knew that he could not distinctly allude to the evidence he had adduced , because according to the orders of that house , strangers were understood to be excluded . But somehow a memorandum of what was said on the day alluded to , did find its way into print , and certainly it was detailed with considerable accuracy . In looking over this memorandum , it would be seen that all the arguments advanced by the noble lord made against his motion , and of course it was