had been laid on the expression , that the travelling expences could not be allowed , as it could not be introduced into any public account . Now , he would desire to know , how it was possible for the most conscientious and scrupulous servant of the public to make a more candid , or a more honest declaration ? Perhaps this major Davies had thought that the letters did not go far enough , and the expences might have been hinted at with a view to entrap the gentleman who was spoken of . That gentleman had himself spoken more ably than he could upon the subject ; but it was to be observed , that he had never interposed the weight of his official influence , and so powerful was the influence on the other side , that it was proved by the hon . baronet himself , that a person in an official situation had been sent out of the way , because he 784 was supposed to be friendly to government . The petition itself was another proof of the very little influence that was made use of by those who were friendly to his majesty 's government , and of the very great exertions that were made on the opposite side ; it was signed by two persons who , he was informed , were servants to the hon . baronet , by another who was secretary to the militia , where lord Bolton was lord lieutenant , another signature was that of a person who was clerk to the collectors of taxes , and who was now soliciting the situation of surveyor from that terrible government which bore down every thing with its authority . It was idle to talk of a committee to inquire , for the facts were clear before the house , and all that remained was , for the house to declare by its vote that night , whether they would pronounce their censure on the conduct which had been so proved , or whether they would dismiss the accusation as one that was unworthy of being entertained by that house . The learned gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) had said that there were many other cases where the influence of government had been made use of ; but it might fairly be said , `` ab uno disce omnes , '' and , as no doubt , the gentlemen on the other side did not direct their organ to bring forward his weakest case first , the house might fairly infer that the others , if any , were not such as would be likely to be productiue of very dangerous consequences to the liberties of England . When a motion was made ( that of Mr. Biddulph ) for inquiry into the extent of salaries and emoluments in various public offices , a motion which was certainly , not of a nature that was likely to strengthen or be favourable to any administration , it was , however , thought to be one that might tend to the advantage of the public , and accordingly it was most cheerfully acceded to , and most zealously , as well as most ably supported by his noble friend ( lord H. Petty ) . But neither his majesty 's ministers nor the house , he trusted , would suffer themselves to be led away by any groundless accusations that might be brought before them . said , that he had come down to the house with a determination not to say a word upon the question ; but after the personal attack that had been made upon his conduct , it was impossible for him to remain altogether silent . As to the letter read by the noble lord , and addressed by him to a person who had offered his services in favour of the member he would recommend , there 785 was nothing in it similar to the case now before the house ; nor was the disclosure of that letter a proof of much gratitude on the part of the gentleman in behalf of