been a disposition on the part of government , to sacrifice part of what was necessary to the balance of power , the ill success of that disposition afforded double motives for vigorous exertions in war . Now was the time to put forth British fortitude . In peace , nothing was so becoming as meekness ; but when the trump of war was sounded , the sinews ought to stiffen , and the senses become fierce as those of a tiger . Let ministers be vigilant and attentive , and they should have his support ; not uniform , unqualified support , for he thought it right to keep them alert by admonition and castigation , but qualified and rational support , according as they should be found to deserve it . Many of them he esteemed personally , and he particularly requested the noble lord opposite ( Howick ) `` to ac- 336 cept the fullest assurances of his high consideration . '' rose and delivered his maiden speech . He said , he did not think he should satisfactorily discharge his duty to his constituents , to that house , or to himself , if he did not candidly avow his sentiments , upon the present most important question , and state as candidly the reasons upon which he grounded those sentiments , and which should alone influence his vote this night . He said , that in his view of the conduct of our ambassadors , the story of their proceedings might be summed up in a very concise way—that they were in this country when they should have been in France , and that they remained in France long after that period at which they should have dated their departure . He was anxious to assure the house , that the grounds upon which his sentiments of the general conduct of ministers during the late negociation were rested , were deduced solely from the papers now before the house ; and the observations he had to offer to the house upon those papers he should divide under three distinct heads ; first , from the commencement of the negociation to the time of lord Yarmouth 's arrival . The second period to which he should call the attention of the house was from the arrival of lord Yarmouth in this country , to the refusal of the court of St. Petersburgh to ratify the treaty of M. d'Oubril ; and 3dly , from that period to the rupture of the late negociation . As to the first , he would in general observe , that the first question that would naturally suggest itself in the opening of any treaty for peace between the belligerent powers would be , what further advantages were to be expected by either party in the continuation of hostilities—such treaties should be conducted by a policy conceded to by all nations , and indeed in itself justifiable , the contracting parties concluding upon terms mutually and respectively advantageous . In this point of view , he could not be brought to think that the conduct of our ministers in managing that treaty was marked with that jealousy and caution which were so necessary in any communication with a cabinet so proverbial for diplomatic intrigue as that of the enemy ; at the same time he was willing to confess that if there was a man in the empire peculiarly fitted for negociation with any continental power , more especially for conducting a treaty with France the great and illustrious statesman whose 337 loss was so generally and sincerely deplored , was that man . Though a long , and indeed an uniform opponent to the measures of that great man , this admission justice required from him , and he felt no reluctance in acceding to it ; nor , as he never opposed him but when he thought him wrong , so he did not now panegyrize him without reason . He had said , that he ( Mr. Fox ) was best calculated to negociate with France : and why ? — because the artifice , finesse , and