the sinking fund that it should be allowed to accumulate so as to extinguish the debt . The intention was principally to keep down the debt , so as to prevent it from becoming inconvenient to the public . For the proof of this it was only necessary to look at the plan of 1786 . The maximum of 4 millions was then established , and after the fund had attained to this , then the interest was to be at the disposal of parliament ; so , from the year 1808 , 200,000l . of taxes might be taken off annually , or applied to other purposes , as the case might be . But the noble viscount who was chancellor of the exchequer in 1802 , altered this plan , and undoubtedly then had the full assent of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Pitt ) now no more . No one was more ready to submit to the superior judgment of his right hon . friend alluded to than he was , and especially on a matter of this sort , but still he felt great objections to the plan then adopted , and since that time he certainly had seen no reason to alter his opinion.—But he did not object to the borrowing from the war taxes , if this should be confined to 5 years . The noble lord imposed no new taxes for the first 3 years . He highly approved of that , not merely on account of the relief which it afforded to the people , but also because it rested upon principles of sound policy . For by this means taxation might be had recourse to with greater vigour afterwards if this should be necessary , and besides , this circumstance would have the best effects upon the permanent taxes . If , therefore , the period had been confined to five years , he could have had no objection to the plan . The noble lord might have , in the mean time , observed the progress of the sinking fund , of the war taxes , and of the permanent taxes , and borrowed upon these as he should find it expedient . But to take a period of twenty years , and to proceed upon the supposition that thirty two millions only would be required for the war expenditure , was to legislate on grounds the most uncertain and erroneous that could possibly be conceived . The right hon . gent . who had just sat down , objected to the period of 20 years , and thought that the fittest stage to stop at was 5 years . But his reasoning proceeded on erroneous grounds , when he supposed that this plan was intended to legislate to 20 years . It did no such thing . It merely held out 801 what might be done in 20 years , certain data being allowed . It did nothing what ever to tie up the hands of the house , or to prevent them from adopting such alterations as circumstances might render necessary . It was no disadvantage to argue with a view to a period of 20 years , as the argument was not to be conclusive or binding ; but to satisfy the house that so much might be done in twenty years , would not prevent them from exercising their discretion afterwards . The right hon . gent . agreed , that it would be inconvenient to impose new taxes at present : that was conceded by the noble lord near him , and by the general voice of the country , not only by those who merely wished to be relieved from the pressure of taxation , but generally by those who looked to the policy of the thing . It did certainly afford a hope that recourse might be had with more vigour to the permanent taxes , and he was glad the right hon . gent . had said so , because this served to remove the objection which he himself had made with respect to the amount of the