any increase of expenditure that might arise . The only two ways in which it could fail to afford alleviation were these : first , if the war taxes should fail during the war ; if that should be the case , it would not be the consequence of this plan more than any other . The failure would be in the nature of the tax itself , and would happen under any one plan as well as another . But if from any cause any of the present war taxes should fail , the house would tax other articles so as to keep up the present amount of revenue from the war taxes . Thus the plan did no more than we were liable to under the present system . As to the other point , that an increased expenditure was to be looked for , he took the actual state of our expenditure only as a secure foundation to reason upon . With respect to expeditions to the continent , or subsidies , there were no data to go upon . All he meant was , to shew the facility of providing for the present common expenditure to any length of time ; but he should be sorry in doing so to adopt any plan of a nature to preclude the house from accommodating the basis of that plan to any circumstances that might arise . Any plan not so applicable would be a very unfit basis for a system of finance . He did not like to assume at random an amount of contingent expences , or an increase of common expences , which would afford room only for reasoning as fallacious as its foundation . He had shewn that the falling in of annuities after those applied to the deferred stock would prevent the necessity of having recourse to any taxes for 3 years ; in the subsequent seven years 292,000l . a year would be wanted ; in the next ten years nothing . Supposing an expenditure of two millions for the continent , the foundation of the 817 plan would not be undermined , nor its firmness shaken . The only consequence would be , that from the increase of the war loans by this demand , the war taxes would be applicable in an inferior proportion to the supplementary loans . There would be 3 years still exempt from taxation by the falling in of annuities . In the subsequent 7 years 505,000l . annually would be wanted instead of 292,000l . to be raised by new taxes . In the five following years no taxes would be wanted , and in the last five years of the series only 330,000l . Thus , in the constant succession of the war taxes , and the relief from all further taxation for three years , the plan would be obviously beneficial , and only a moderate increase of taxes would be necessary in some parts of the period . He stated thus much to shew that he did not assume to legislate for the future without going on firm ground.—He was next to come more immediately to the plan proposed by the noble lord in his resolutions . These resolutions divided themselves into three points . The first and sixth related to the comparative effect of the present system and proposed plan ; and the ninth and tenth adopting the vices , as they had been termed , of his plan , were intended to shew , that the same means of relief would be afforded by the existing system as by the new plan . But the noble lord had assumed as a right , on his part , of the public to take from the sinking fund without giving any equivalent to the stockholders . He agreed with his right hon friend ( Mr. Tierney ) , that the sinking fund was first created not for the interest of the stockholder , but of the public . It was a boon in 1786 , granted by Mr. Pitt to the stockholders ; but , what was the situation of the stockholders who