general Doyle ) , that the measure of the right hon . secretary was already the means of adding to the consideration and character of our army : then , when he considered that it was thought by the noble lord ( Cas–tlereagh ) and the other gentlemen on the opposite side of the house , to be a most grievous piece of expence , that some trifling addition should be given to the sol–dier who was disabled in the service of his country ; when he reflected on this , he could not say that he envied the feelings of those noble and honourable members . Oh miserable thought to their minds , if some happy man should , after the faithful discharge of his duty to his king and coun–try , enjoy perhaps some 20l . a year ! For his own part , he was anxious to reform abuses and diminish expences where the practices were known to be corrupt or the establishments useless ; and he would challenge the gentlemen on the opposite side to contradict him when he stated to the house , that in the staff at home , there had been , within the last year , a saving of 43,000l . and in the barrack department , notwithstanding there had been last year a retrenchment to the amount of 500,000l . there was in this year a further saving of 50,000l . and in the commissariat depart–ment there were nine places less than in the preceding year . Put to give grud- 549 gingly to the worn-out veteran was a thought which he could not bear ; and he was of opinion , that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) was entitled to the thanks of the country for the act , not of generosity , but of humanity and justice , he must call it , which he had done in their name to a most deserving set of men . The volun–teer corps had been mentioned on the other hand , with a view of reflecting on ministers for having made a saving in the expence of that establishment ; but , to the volunteers , he would give the credit that belonged to them , and say he knew that they were not to be looked upon as a mer–cenary body ; he was well convinced that they would not look with a magnifying glass at every little saving that was made in the public expence attendant on their establishment . When he looked at the to–tal of the estimates , and heard gentlemen opposite say , `` Oh , but if you had let us stay in another year , you should have seen what vast savings we should have made ! '' it reminded him of what was said of a man , who wished to become celebrated for a wit : That his wit was very good , but that it was all borrowed from yesterday ; in speak–ing of those gentlemen , he must reverse this observation , and say that all their clever–ness was borrowed from to-morrow.—After some further observations , the resolutions were read a second time and agreed to . On the motion of lord Temple , that the Oak Bark bill be read a second time , said , he was sorry to oppose any measure proposed by his noble friend , but could not agree to the bill in its present form . If the act of James I. was to be revised , he thought that all the penalties imposed by that statute should be repealed . It appeared to him to be an act of injustice to repeal the clause that was the object of this bill , and to leave the rest of the penalties imposed by that measure in force . The repeal of the whole act was necessary to the comfort of the different classes of tradesmen , whose interests were concerned , and it would not be prejudicial to the public . He begged to suggest to his noble friend the propriety of putting off the second reading of the bill