, the Barrack department . For instance , the owners of barns hired out for barracks ; the dealers in hay , oats and those various other articles , which that branch of our establishment so particularly demands . With the merits of this petition , I was totally unacquainted , until this night . My opinion I have formed from what has fallen from the hon . gent . who have preceded me in this discussion . From the acknowledgment of the hon . gent . the Secretary of the Treasury , I do feel , that the privileges of this house , and the liberties of the people , have received , by his influence , in the county of Southampton , a constitutional stab , and that it becomes a paramount duty with the representatives of the people , to immediately interfere . With such a conviction , I shall certainly support the motion for referring this petition to a committee of privileges . in explanation , said that he meant that the individuals in the government had as good a right to interfere as those of a corporate body . As to the other posi- 765 tion , he only said that unconstitutional interference could not have come through the Treasury without his knowledge ; for other departments he had distinctly stated others would be responsible . rose , and in a maiden speech , addressed the house as follows : —I rise , Sir , with feelings of pride and satisfaction , to acknowledge myself as one of those who have lent their names to the petition which at present engages the attention of the house . I subscribed it from the strong conviction I felt of the truth of its allegations , and with an ardent hope that the house of commons would interpose its constitutional protection between the privileges of the elective body , and the destructive strides of ministerial encroachment . These feelings originated in my mind , not from the solitary case of the county of Southampton ; they were justified by the conduct and hostility which I myself experienced , as one of those individuals against whom the shafts of ministerial influence were strongly , but unsuccessfully directed . At Dover , for which port I have the honour of being a representative , there are two parties ; the one immediately under the influence of the Victualling Board , the other controuled by the Ordnance Department . From such causes , a number of the electors had determined to give one vote at the request of the principals in these respective branches , reserving to themselves the right of supporting me with the second . This determination was not in unison with the inclinations of his majesty 's government , and a communication was absolutely made to all persons in the various gradations of employment under the boards I have mentioned , that whoever voted for my return , would be dispossessed of the situation he held and be actually deprived of his livelihood . To the honour of some of my constituents , they waited on me , and apprised me of their intention to adhere to their promises , even at the hazard of their personal interests . The house will do me the justice to believe , that , under such circumstances , I immediately released them from their previous engagements to me ; whilst the fear of ministerial persecution operated so much with others , as to force them , at the altar of their God , to disregard the sacred pledge they had given ; the place of election being there held in the Church , by a peculiar custom . From this plain statement , the house and the country will be able to decide 766 on the merits of his majesty 's ministers , and on the general principle which governed them during the late election . observed , that the opener and seconder of the motion had , at least , the merit of having been candid and explicit in their statement of facts , and these being completely in the