two important effects pleaded most powerfully for the adoption of the system he had the honour to submit to their consideration . Lord Castlereagh intended to compress in as small compass as possible , the observations he had to make upon the subject before the committee . As to what had been said of the objection imputed to him and his right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) , that the new plan was to legislate for the future he had only to state that they did not contend that any enactment on this subject would preclude parliament from taking such measures as would hereafter be deemed necessary . They had only contended that parliament should not involve itself in a measure which it would have hereafter to alter or abandon . There was but one sentiment on all sides of the house with respect to the expediency of relieving the country from taxation . There was something coercive in the language of the noble lord respecting the sinking fund . If he understood the noble lord , he had said that the sinking 821 fund was not to be touched , unless by a kind of bargain with the stockholder , who was to have his quid pro quo from the public . But he wished to be informed what quid pro quo was to be given to the stockholder when the noble lord came to take the excesses of the sinking fund . The principle laid down by the noble lord on this subject could not be acted upon , and he would be obliged to abandon it . Parliament had unquestionably a right to exercise its discretion respecting a sinking fund ; but here he begged to state , that he should not wish for any measure to be adopted that would prove injurious to the public creditor , and he contended that the interest of the public creditor would be best consulted by the adoption of either of his suggestions than by the plan proposed by the noble lord . If the sinking fund was to be touched at all , it would in either of the cases suggested by him be touched in a manner less liable to objection than in the manner proposed in the new plan . The excesses as calculated on in the new plan would be available both in war and in peace , and at the disposal of the minister , whereas according to his plan the excesses could only be taken during war , when loans would be necessary . His plan would afford a greater principle of limitation on the discretion of parliament respecting these excesses ; besides , the interest of the stockholder was materially concerned in keeping up the value of capital in the market , and it would be impossible to effect that , when in the last period a loan of thirty-two millions annually would be raised , nay of forty or fifty millions , in consequence of the rise of stores , the depreciation of money , and an increase of expenditure . Small loans with a small sinking fund , would be much more beneficial to the stockholder than a loan of that amount with a sinking fund of twenty seven millions . The noble lord had that night , in express terms , admitted that his , system was founded upon a principle of raising money upon a compound interest , though he contended for the advantage of a compound benefit . But he had no doubt , that the noble lord upon reflection , would perceive how unwise a principle that was . The noble lord proposed to borrow money to pay the interest of his war loans , as well as the interest upon that interest . What would be the effect of such a statement going forth to Europe ? and he could not see any other view in bringing forward the plan at present , but to exhibit it to Europe . There were good calculators , he wished the noble lord to recol 822 lect , in Europe , and particularly in that part of