years been laid before parliament , your situation is exposed to your view . The spectacle is indeed fearful , but it must be contemplated . In order to cure any wound , we must know its exact situation and depth.—By the abstracts then upon your table , which were made up in the year 1803 , it will appear , that upon a population in England and Wales , ( exclusive of your army and navy ) of 8,870,000 souls ; not less than 1,234,000 are partakers of parochial relief . That is , that nearly one seventh part of your population is indebted to the rest wholly , or in part , for their support : and by far the larger part of that number is wholly subsisted without any exertion of their own . Sir , it is also proved that , exclusively of all collateral expence , such as army , militia , & c. which is raised at the same time with the rate for the relief of the poor , and paid out of it ; there had been raised , in the year ending at Easter , 1803 , for the maintenance and relief of the poor alone , the sum of 4,267,000l . ; being almost double the sum raised for the same purpose , on the average of the years 1783 , 1784 , 1785 , and nearly treble the sum raised in 1776.—Sir , that a remedy for an evil so great and so rapidly increasing , ought immediately to be sought , all will be ready to agree : and I stand up before you , under the persuasion that I shall be able to propose to you improvements , regulations , and modifications to effect that end , which will not be found wholly unworthy of your attention.—However small my personal claims to consideration may be , I am sure 868 in the contemplation of my task , I shall meet with the favour of this house . I desire no support from my best friends , but that which the merits of my plan may seem to deserve . I am sure I shall encounter no opposition but that which its demerits extort ; and I am equally sure that at this moment there does not exist an individual throughout the nation , who does not wish me success.—Sir , I desire here to put in a rational claim to your attention , by assuring both you and the house , that I am no visionary enthusiast , seeking after universal plenty and comfort , and imaginary perfection . I know the laws of God to be immutable , and bow to their uncontroulable force . I believe man to be born to labour as the sparks fly upwards ; that a certain portion of misery is inseparable from mortality ; and that all plans for the lodging , clothing , and feeding of all mankind , with what may be called comfort , are quite impossible in practice.—Sir , there is a saying upon record , of one of the most amiable monarchs that ever filled a throne , ( I mean Henry IV . of France ) which from its benevolence is so captivating , that it has spread through all languages , and passed through every mouth . He is said to have expressed a wish , that he might live to see the day when every peasant in his kingdom should have a pullet in his kettle . Sir , I will not indulge in such a wish with regard to the subjects of this kingdom , because I know that physically it can not be accomplished . The earth does not produce wherewithal to gratify such a desire ; and whatever may be the first impulses of our feeling , in order to do good , we must chastise and reduce them within the sphere of action.—Sir , I have read in an account of the settlements in New South Wales , that some of the unhappy convicts who were transported to that distant clime , laboured under an unaccountable delusion ,