given on every year that he had served . But he wished to know what would be the situation of the right hon . gent . when he came to disband tile army , or to reduce it to the peace establishment ? Did he consider the nature of the discretion which he would then be called upon to exercise ? He would have three classes into which to distribute his discharges ; but how , without saddling the country with an expense which it was not equal to pay , could he avoid making his discharges out of the first class , and yet , by doing that , he would discharge the flower of the army . Among the regulations of the Warrant , it was stated , that those who were discharged should 491 receive their , pensions ; but that they should be bound to obey the directions of Chelsea hospital , and come to serve in the veteran battalions when they were called up on . In the course of a few years , however , these veteran battalions would be composed of men in the prime of life , and possessing a complete knowledge of their profession . How could government then avoid considering those battalions as most fit for active service , for foreign service and more particularly for West-India service , for which they were peculiarly fitted ? And thus , all the motives held out , and by which men were to be seduced into the army , would cease to operate . He repeated , that he was little disposed to consider the situation of this country in a gloomy point of view . He had great confidence in its strength ; he had great confidence in its resources ; and he was happy to find that the gentlemen opposite began think with him on this latter subject . But if ever there was a moment in the history of any country in which pecuniary economy was more indispensably necessary than in any other , this was the moment , and Great Britain the country . The right hon , gent. , he was sorry to observe , had shewn himself indifferent , not only to the economy of money , but also to the economy of time . Adverting to the capture of Buenos Ayres , he expressed his anxiety to know why so long a period had been suffered to elapse before the reinforcements had been sent to secure the possession of that valuable province ? Early in June , government received advises from St. Helena , that the expedition had touched there , on its way from the Cape . He was convinced that within ten days of the time , when those advices were received , three regiments of infantry might have sailed ; and , Whether the place was tenable or not , it would not have embarrassed his majesty 's service to have sent that reinforcement , as it was necessary that troops should go to India : unless they sent a letter of recall to the forces at Buenos Ayres , ministers had no option but to send a reinforcement . Instead of doing this in the middle of June , they did not send a man until October ; that was , until lord Lauderdale 's return to this country : thus plainly skewing that his motions were the governing principles of their actions , and evincing a culpable neglect of their duty , by abstaining from a vigorous exercise of the power and resources of the country entrusted to 492 them , at the moment when energy would have been particularly serviceable . His lordship concluded by declaring , that he should not oppose the passing of the resolution , but that he had deemed himself bound to state to the house , what he thought of the present military establishment of the country , and the dreadful evils which , he was convinced , would result from a perseverance in the right hon . gent . 's military plans . in rising to reply to the speech of the noble