bankruptcy , he spoke with regard to a charge that existed only in imagination . He had not said that Ireland was in a state of bankruptcy ; he had only said , that as she could not raise the greater part of the supplies within the year , she must have recourse to loans here , and that this would interfere with the noble lord 's plan . knew of no civil charges , on the revenue of Ireland , nor of any , charges beyond the interest of its debt and sinking fund . These amounted to 3,132,000l . which , deducted from the revenue of 3,800,000l. , left a surplus of near 700,000l . applicable to the current expences . observed , that the hon . baronet 's statement confirmed his allegation on the former night . The Irish part of the point charged being 5,300,000l . and the surplus of revenue applicable towards it being hut 700,000l . there would remain to be borrowed 4,600,000l . instead of 4,000,000l . as he had stated.—The bill then went through the committee . stated , that since he had given notice of his intention to bring forward a motion respecting the Third Re 607 port of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , he had understood that proceedings upon the subject were now pending in the Treasury . Under this circumstance , and having communicated with his noble friend ( lord II . Petty ) , he was apprehensive that , if he made the motion , he should be trespassing upon what was the province of the treasury , and interfering with their arrangements ; but he hoped the house would indulge him while he read the motion which he had intended to have submitted , and stated the peculiar situation in which he felt himself placed . He had intended to have moved , that the attorney-general should be instructed to take the necessary measures to ascertain , and secure , by due course of law , such sums as should appear to be due to the public from Mr. Alexander Davison , in consequence of the transactions disclosed in the Third Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . If it should appear to the house , that he had been somewhat hasty in giving his notice of the motion , he trusted the importance of the subject , and the nature of the fraudulent and iniquitous transactions at which his notice was directed , would sufficiently excuse him . A charge of being too forward to institute enquiry against fraud and peculation , was a charge from which he should not shrink . As he imagined there were many members who would have been glad to have delivered their opinions upon such a subject , he feared lest they should feel some mortification at the opportunity being denied them , in consequence of his having relinquished his motion . He felt it his duty to state the view with which he had taken up the subject . He had considered that the report having been made , it was far from creditable that it should have been suffered to have remained so long on the table unnoticed . The opinion he had at first formed respecting the transactions developed by the report , he was by no means disposed to abandon . He had considered , that it would have been more desireable for the house to have instituted some process against Mr. Alexander Davison , than that it should have been done by the treasury . Indeed , he had not yet wholly relinquished that opinion , though certainly by his communications with his noble friend , it had been very much weakened . The enormity of the offence was so great , and so general and extensive , in its operation , that it called for the most public and exemplary 608 punishment . Nothing could be more destructive to a government than those agents , who while they were well paid for the duties they performed , yet made use of the confidence reposed in them to plunder the public . here