dormant . Parliament , however , had taken no proceedings on this charge , although it had been circulated with much industry throughout the country . It was equally desirable for the house and his noble relation , that the business should be proceeded with . He had given notice of his intention , as soon as the noble lord 's motion should be disposed of , to move for the remaining documents , in order that the whole case might be before the house . Every enquiry into the conduct of marquis Wellesley , had always had his hearty concurrence , and he was anxious that every paper which his majesty 's ministers could produce , consistently with the public interest , should be laid before the house ; but in saying this , he did not presume to judge what might be the decision of the house . As to the Carnatic question , he wished to ask the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) , what preference he meant to give his noble relation , because , on a former occasion , alluding to this question , that right hon . gent . had stated , that the Madras government was criminal , the board of controul criminal , and above all , the court of directors were highly criminal . in explanation , said , the hon . gent . had stated his expressions very correctly . When he had first given notice of a motion tending to criminate the Madras government , and lord Wellesley by implication , an hon . gent . had moved for an immense volume of papers , by way of vindication ; the effect of which was , to prove lord Wellesley infinitely more culpable than he had thought , the board of controul more culpable than lord Wellesley , and the court of directors more culpable than all . He had said , that the transaction involved great criminality in the Madras government , and particularly lord Clive ; in the Bengal government , and lord Wellesley as the head of that government , in the board of controul , and above all , in the court of directors . It was , therefore , very true , that if the Madras government was not guilty in good company , at least it was guilty in very powerful company . said , he had never been of opinion that the criminality that might be found to attach to lord Wellesley 's conduct would amount to sufficient ground for impeachment . But he thought it necessary , for the honour of the country , that the noble lord 's conduct should be enquired into ; 557 and the enquiry having been once instituted , he thought it for the dignity of the house that it should not be suffered to fall to the ground . He thought the noble lord intitled to thanks for coming forward with this motion . With regard to the Carnatic question , he was glad it was to be brought forward , in order to shew that the directors were not the most criminal of all ; to shew that they had borne up manfully against the difficulties they had to encounter , and had done their duty in spite of all opposition.—The papers were then ordered to be re-printed . On the motion of Mr. W. Pole , a similar order was made with respect to the other papers connected with the Oude charge . gave notice , that he meant on Thursday next , to submit certain Resolutions relating to the Finances of the country ; and as he meant to move these resolutions in a committee of the whole house in the most formal manner , he should take the liberty of moving now , that the house should resolve itself into a committee of the whole house on that day , to consider of the Finances of the country . Ordered that the house should , on Thursday , resolve itself into the said committee.—On the motion of Mr. Johnstone , it was ordered , that there be