that no person could be more sensible than he was of the great importance of the measure now submitted to the house , and of the propriety of giving full time for its due consideration . He therefore informed their lordships , that he intended to give about a fortnight 's notice before he should move the second reading . When the printed copies of the bill were on the table , he should propose to fix a day for the next motion ; in the mean time he moved , that the bill be printed . said , that he thought it necessary to call the attention of the house to the proceedings of the last session of parliament , on the subject now under consideration . It would be recollected that a Resolution was then come to , for an address to his majesty , which was nearly in the same terms as the preamble of the bill the noble lord had introduced . The object of that address was to learn how far other powers were disposed to concur in the abolition of the Slave trade . He thought , therefore , that their lordships ought to be put in possession of any correspondence which might have taken place with other governments in consequence of that address . Whether there had been any communications between his majesty 's government and the governments of other countries on this subject or not , parliament ought to be made acquainted with the fact . He should not press any motion on this topic at present , but it was one which ought to be explained when their lordships proceeded to the consideration of the bill . thought that some explanation was necessary respecting the title of 258 the bill . It was called a bill for abolishing the Slave trade . But did the noble lord mean that it should go to the abolition of the Slave Trade in general , both in the West Indies and on the coast of Africa ; or was it the African Slave trade only that was meant to be abolished ? It was his firm opinion , that even the African Slave Trade could not be abolished , unless the measures taken by this government were concurred in by other powers . This appeared to have been the opinion of parliament in the last session , when the address alluded to by his noble friend was voted . repeated , that he was sensible of the high importance of the subject to be discussed , but he was also , in his own mind , convinced that the time was now arrived when no solid objection could be offered to the abolition of the traffic in slaves on the coast of Africa . On this question he believed there was , generally speaking , but very little difference of opinion in this country ; but this was not the day on which it was to be discussed . Before the day for the second reading should be fixed , he intended not only to give such notice as the other orders of the house required , but such as the peculiar importance of the subject itself demanded . Whether we were to continue the African Slave trade , because there were difficulties in the way of abolishing it in the West Indies , or whether we were to practise a great enormity , because other persons in other countries might not choose to abandon it , the house was not then called upon to decide . The only question at present before their lordships was , whether this bill should be printed . He did not therefore think it necessary to enter into the consideration of topics , the discussion of which , at this moment , could serve no purpose but that of delay . remarked , in explanation , that he had intimated no wish for delay . No such sentiment had ever at any time fallen from his lips as a desire to procrastinate the determination of the house on this important subject . He had only called upon the