measure , if even he had not been called upon by the right hon . gentleman . By the charter of the South Sea Company , no vessels could legally be embarked in a trade to the South Sea without a licence from that Company . 848 The vessels had sailed to Buenos Ayres without such licence , and , consequently , their voyages were illegal . They were consequently liable to seizure , not alone by the agents of the South Sea Company , but by any privateer or letters of marque , which might fall in with them . He had not been himself in town when this event took place , but as soon as the illegality of the transaction was adverted to , his majesty 's ministers had determined , on the meeting of parliament , to propose a measure for legalizing these voyages . They had conferred with the directors of the South Sea Company , and discussed the question . On the 14th of January a draft of the bill then before the house was communicated to the directors , which was returned on the 15th , with such alterations as they thought necessary to be made in it . Government had acceded to and adopted these amendments with a single exception , and therefore , he did not think that any case had been made out for deferring any stage of the bill . contended that the South Sea Company had not carried on any commerce for sixty-five years past , since the commencement of the war that began in the year 1740 . Antecedently to that period , they had carried on a little trade to South America , by which they lost more than they gained ; the expences of their factories at Carthagena , Porto Bello , Panama , and Lima , having exceeded the profits of their commerce ; so that there had remained to them but a small part of the assiento contract . The South Sea Company , therefore , could not benefit by this trade . It was besides impossible that they should , as they had no capital ; and before they could again embark in that trade , it would be necessary for them to come to parliament to be enabled to raise a fresh capital . Though they could not benefit by the trade to South America , a trade which was extremely beneficial to the country had risen upon the ruins of this trade , namely , the Southern whale fishery trade , which afforded a considerable nursery for British seamen . The company came , therefore , with a very bad grace to parliament , to press a right which they could derive no benefit from , to the exclusion of a trade from which the public would derive advantage . But by the act of 1802 , all persons had a right to trade to the Western coast of South America , without any license , either from the South Sea 849 Company , or from the East India Company , both of whom claimed a monopoly in these seas . Though the country had been put to much expence by the Spanish armament in 1791 , to establish the right to carry on the fur trade at Nootka Sound , that trade had since fallen into the hands of Americans . As to the question respecting the policies of insurance , he had the best legal authority for saying , that the defect in law existed , and therefore he thought that the matter demanded the pressing attention of the house . stated , on the part of the East India Company , that they had only been apprehensive that the trade , when permitted , might be extended to other parts ; for instance , to China ; these were in the contemplation of the government , and , when they had received satisfactory assurances that the trade should not be extended beyond its precise limits , they had ceased to have any objection to the bill . stated , that the object of the petitioners was to