to taxation , if that must be the case , a resort which would still remain , even supposing the plan totally to fail . His lordship entered into a comparison of the plan he had proposed , and those suggested on the other side , and contended that his plan had this great advantage , that it would operate to increase the sinking fund , in a larger proportion to the debt , up to a certain point when its excesses were to be taken , whilst the plans proposed on the other side would operate to increase considerably the debt , and leave the sinking fund as it now stood . He proposed , after a certain accumulation of the sinking fund , to appropriate the excesses ; but they would attack that fund immediately . He remembered a story of a man who said he had a sure method of curing sheep of all disorders , and that was by cutting their throats ; so gentlemen on the other side would get at the sinking fund by immediately taking it , and this constituted the boasted simplicity of their plans . His plan , on the contrary , by the proportionable magnitude of the sinking fund , would insure to the stockholder a certain market for his stock , and instead of mortgaging all the resources of the country , as some hon . gentlemen had contended , there would , if it continued to operate , be a sum of 25,000,000l . available for the service of the country in the year 1822. contended that the system before the house was a much greater infraction of the act of 1786 , than that which had been done in 1802 , which had been alluded to in the course of the debate . After touching on several other points , his lordship observed , that he would speak more fully on the subject next Monday , when the resolutions which he had submitted to the house would be under consideration . had heard much of the 930 delicacy and scrupulosity which gentlemen on the other side professed to feel for the strict observance of the public faith . Yet if on any side there was any disposition to infringe it , that disposition or tendency was to be found in the plan of the noble lord . Let the different acts be referred to , more particularly that of 1792 , for securing inviolate the public faith respecting the sinking fund , and it would be seen how far the present plan was reconcileable either with the spirit or the letter of these acts . pledged himself to prove upon the same occasion , that there was no inconsistency between the plan of his noble friend , and the acts referred to by the hon . gent . declared his most decided objection to the whole principle of the measure : at that late hour he should not trespass upon the time of the house , but should reserve himself for a more convenient opportunity.—The question was then loudly called for , and the resolutions read a second time , and agreed to . This day the following members were chosen by ballot to try the merits of the Downpatrick election : —R . P. Scudamore , esq . B. Cook , esq . W. M. Pitt , esq . hon . W. Howard , D. Giddy , esq . A Strahan , esq . lord Althorpe , F. J. Wilder , esq . D. P. Coke , esq . hon . C. Herbert , J. Wharton , esq . hon . W. Broderick , Thos . Kemp , esq . nominees , H. Martin , esq . C. W. Wynne , esq.—Mr . Grenville ( from the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral ) acquainted the house , that their lordships having judged it expedient that captain sir Home Popham should be tried by a court martial for having quitted the Cape of Good Hope , for the purpose of attacking the Spanish settlements in the Rio de la Plata , without having