from making those exertions to retrieve herself , which she might be enabled otherwise to apply . It is therefore a situation which would render France more formidable in time of peace , than the possession of it could make her in time of war . It was , therefore , not only a Russian object that it should be given up , but it was also an object that intimately concerned both this country , and all Europe . It was not only a Russian object , but strictly an English and European one . Add to this , sir , the infinite importance of preserving the most inviolable good faith with our allies . For this good faith , this support of our credit , this support of our commerce , this support of every thing that ought to be held dear among nations , I trust we shall ever be ready to make all reasonable sacrifices . This will be either the sure and firm foundation of our prosperity , or our solace and comfort under whatever misfortunes may befall us . In refusing then the terms of peace that were offered by France , we acted in a manner equally demanded by our honour and by sound policy . Considering the importance of Sicily and of Dalmatia , suppose that we had no choice but to accept of all the colonies of France , or of Sicily and Dalmatia alone , I would not hesitate to secure these , and would say , give us Sicily and Dalmatia , and take back all your colonies . If there would have been objections to this , what would have been said of a minister who would have surrendered Sicily and Dalmatia , and yet have accepted of worse terms than these ? And here , sir , I can not help adverting to that argument of which I have heard something , viz . that we are not likely at any future period to procure better terms . All I think it necessary to say on that point is , that it was not consistent with our honour or our interest to accept of these terms at present . And if the matter is considered with a vie to the future designs of France on Russia , no argument can be more unfounded ; because , unless we can , by a peace , secure the 322 peace of Europe , we do nothing . Now , if the terms offered by France were inadmissible before , how could they be admitted after the 25th of August , when the chief of the French government set out to join his army , which had before been sent against Prussia ? Could any peace concluded with us have stopped him , or could we depend on his assurances ? If any person thinks that we might , let him look at the Germanic Confederation , which was carried into execution after the treaty with M. d'Oubril . I am sensible that I am detaining the house long , but they will consider the importance of the subject . One of the inducements that was held out to him for signing the treaty was , that the arrangements intended for Germany might thereby be prevented ; and yet the ink with which that treaty was signed , was hardly dry before the German arrangements were ordered to be carried into execution . Why then , sir , our only hope was , that Prussia would be successful , though upon that point there was great . room for apprehension . Now , suppose that she had succeeded , what would have been said to a minister who should have before concluded a peace , and thereby tied his hands and prevented his country from taking advantage of the new state of things in order to obtain better terms ? Suppose , on the other hand , she did not succeed , which has actually turned out to be the case , does any one believe that peace with Great Britain would have induced Bonaparte to stop his victorious army