with as much partiality by me as by any member in this house , considering who was the author of those ; but nothing can lead me to approve of any diversion of the Sinking Fund from the purposes to which it is now applicable by law , without all the consequences of that having been previously and most attentively weighed . I was averse to the departure from it in 1802 , foreseing the danger of a further deviation ; and it was with reluctance that Mr. Pitt gave his consent to it , as is well known to others as well as to myself . The authors of the present scheme admit , as they must do , `` that they take in aid certain excesses to accrue from the present Sinking Fund . '' which is explained by a statement , that it is meant the application of the old Sinking Fund shall cease when it shall be equal to the interest of the present debt ; by which I take it for granted is meant , the amount of the debt at the time when the income of the Sinking Fund shall be equal to the interest of the debt , and not to the amount of the interest of the debt at this time . It is true that when Mr. Pitt established the Sinking Fund , it was limited to 4,000,000l . and the surplus was to be at the disposal of parliament ; but if that had not been altered in 1802 , to compensate for the Sinking Fund having been provided by Mr. Addington , for 86,000,000l . of capital then funded , there can be no doubt but that the surplus above the 4,000,000l . and the an nuities as they shall fall in , would have been left to the aid of the Fund . I must at the same time , do Mr. Addington the justice to 805 say , that , so far from shrinking from proposing taxes , he made an addition to them considerably beyond the amount of the interest of the debt created ; and that , by the alteration then made , the ultimate liquidation of the debt is somewhat accelerated , —I wish , however , not to be understood to express an opinion , that in no possible case should there be a diversion of any part of the Sinking Fund : —great expectation has been held out to the public ( whether prudently or not is , perhaps , not worth enquiring about ) of an exemption from taxes . I am aware too that many gentlemen may think we have done enough for posterity , and that we should now consider of some relief for those who have already made great sacrifices , and have cheerfully submitted to heavy pressures ; but even if the committee shall be of that opinion , I shall still contend that the mode proposed for affording that relief would , in its consequences , be most mischievous . I am anxious , therefore , before the plan proposed by the chancellor of the exchequer is adopted , that sufficient time should be allowed to consider whether any other can be suggested , which , although it may not afford all the relief we have been led to expect , may at least avoid the dangers I am about to point out , and be free from most of the objections I am about to state . In the view of the subject I am now taking , I forbear to enter on detailed observations upon the tables on which the calculations are made ; the most superficial inspection , however , of the one marked N. ( See Appendix ) would satisfy any one of the danger of the plan being adopted without further investigation , which would have been still more apparent if that table had been continued a few years more . The noble lord seems to have fallen into three considerable errors respecting his plan ; and to have given no weight whatever to the important consideration of what provision it