standing alone , as we do , amidst the wreck and ruin of surrounding nations , it behoves us not only to think , but to act conformably to that part of the king 's declaration , in which it is said , that his majesty relies with confidence on the protection and support of Divine Providence . Sir , I ask with what right we can venture to expect the protection and support of the Almighty , if we continue in so flagrant a manner to violate his laws , if we continue a system founded in injustice , and which is necessarily productive of violence and oppression ? Let us wash our hands clean of this foul pollution , let us act upon the principles of equal and impartial justice , and we may then look , with pious but firm confidence , to the protection and support of that Supreme Disposer of events , in whose hands victory is placed ; who disposes of the fate of empires , and who can in an instant crush and annihilate that tremendous and gigantic power , which for reasons known only to Himself , He has thought fit to raise up for the terror and punishment of Europe . It is only by these means , it is only by acting upon these principles , that we can hope for success , and that we can be enabled to look without dismay to the issue of 972 this awful and mighty contest . I have only , sir , to apologise for having trespassed so long and so unworthily on the patience of the house , which I feel was unnecessary , after the long speech fraught with eloquence and wisdom , which was delivered by the noble lord ( Howick ) , who sits on the bench below me , and I shall therefore conclude with declaring my zealous and cordial concur–rence in the motion which he has made though he felt extreme dif–fidence in offering himself to the house , could not suffer a subject of such interest and magnitude to pass , without offering his sentiments upon it . The arguments offered on the other side , so far from weak–ening , had tended to strengthen and confirm the opinion he had always entertained , that the slave trade was contrary not only to justice and humanity , but also to sound policy . That the slave population did not keep up its numbers in the course of na–ture , was to him a sufficient proof of bad treatment ; and when the abolition of the trade should have created an interest to give them better treatment , he was certain the species would multiply . As long as the trade was continued , Britain would be giving a premium to rapine and murder , and preventing the progress of civilization on the coast of Africa . `` Fiat justitia ; ruat cœlum . '' Though the merchants of Liver–pool might suffer some loss , let this foul stain be washed from the character of the nation . He had often heard the sentiments of that lamented statesman , whom he was proud to call his friend , ( Mr. Fox ) on this subject , and he was happy in giving his aid to the completion of the valu–able bequest which that distinguished man had left to his friends and country in this great measure said , that though he co–incided with the different members who had spoken as to the principle of the trade , he was not prepared to go so far as the policy of immediately abolishing it . He thought the present population not equal to the cultivation of the colonies , and that if the importation of negroes from Africa was immediately stopped , either the planters would suffer considerably in their proper–ties , or illegal means would be resorted to , to obtain a supply . He recommended a tax on the importation of fresh negroes , as a measure which would ultimately lead to a total abolition . Sufficient notification had not been given , in his opinion