be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to cause to be laid before the house the Order of Council of the 7th of January , respecting the mode in which his majesty had instructed his officers to deal with the trade carrying on by Neutral Vessels between the ports of the enemy , he had no idea that any objection would be made to the production of this paper , except , perhaps , that that production had been rendered unnecessary by the publication of the order in the London gazette , and in his majesty 's proclamation , and that therefore any proposition to the house would be as consonant to form without the production of that Order on the table . To this objection , had it been urged , he should have answered that long parliamentary usage had led him to believe , that whenever a motion was intended to be instituted on a paper , the more regular mode of proceeding was to call for the production of that paper on the table of the house . However , the noble lord opposite ( for which he returned him his unfeigned thanks ) had intimated to him , that he meant to object to the production of this order on other grounds . He therefore wished accurately to understand those grounds , that he might determine what it would be suitable for him to do . He 452 hoped that the noble lord would have no objection to state whether or not he understood him correctly , when he supposed him to say , that , as he could not anticipate any proposition grounded on the production of the order to which he could give his concurrence , he must object to such production , unless he ( Mr. P. ) would satisfy him as to the precise nature of the ulterior proceeding which he meant to propose . If such actually was the ground on which the noble lord intended to oppose the production of the order , he certainly would not make his motion on the present day , because it would then be incumbent upon him , in that case , to satisfy the noble lord and the house of the expediency of the ulterior proceeding to which he alluded , and because he thought the nature of that proceeding too important to be discussed at such a short notice . He therefore again requested the noble lord to explain himself on this subject . finding that it was supposed that the motion for the production of this Order was a mere matter of course , had deemed it right to intimate to the learned gent . that he should feel it his duty to resist it . He certainly should not object to its production , on the ground of its having already obtained publicity in the London gazette and in his majesty 's proclamation ; for although he was aware , that the proceeding of the house might be founded on such a publication , yet he was also aware with the learned gent . that it would be a more regular course of proceeding to produce the document on the table . But although the document in its present state might be sufficiently authentic , yet it did not follow that it must be produced to the house of commons . There might be two causes for requiring such a production ; the first on the ground of some declared parliamentary measure ; the next , for the purpose of instituting some undefined proceeding . The last was the cause alleged by the learned gent . It became the duty of the house to enquire into the nature of that proceeding . As far as he was able to collect the views of the learned gent . they were such as he , for one , could by no means consent to . His object was altogether unprecedented , and in his opinion liable to the most serious objections . He therefore felt it his duty , until the learned gentleman should explain unto