have been made for the purpose of withdrawing the confidence of the people of this country from his majesty 's ministers , it becomes a duty I owe to my own character , and to the character of those with whom I act , to throw off all disguise , and to avoid those imputations which concealment only could sanction . At the first moment when there appeared a serious disposition in Prussia to co-operate with Russia against the common enemy , his majesty 's ministers thought it their duty to shew that this country would not be wanting in fidelity to its ally , or in any efforts which might be advantageously made for the support of the general safety of Europe . —But with this subject I have done , except as to one point , which I feel I ought to advert to in justice to the character of others . It has been asked , why lord Morpeth was not sent on his mission until October , or if it was right rot to send him until then , why did he rot remain—why did he return in November ? Why he was not sent until October , I think I have already sufficiently explained ; and as to the reason of his return , I must ask , why ought he to have remained ? The king of Prussia did not remain , his army did not 33 remain . Is it thought that lord Morpeth ought , merely for the glory of the affair , to have staid on the field of battle ? The fact however , is , that not only before the battle of Jena , but even after it , lord Morpeth found it impossible to get any satisfactory answer from the king of Prussia or his ministers on the subject of his mission.—With respect to the late negotiation at Paris , the noble lord has , I think , very properly declined to enter into any discussion on it . He was right in abstaining from any observations on a subject which will soon come regularly under the consideration of parliament ; and I am perfectly disposed to follow his example . All I shall say is , that I , am fully convinced there is not one individual in or out of parliament by , whom peace is desired on any other terms but those which shall be honourable to the country itself , and strictly consistent with that fidelity . which we owe to our allies , If this proposition be true , as I conceive it is , then I rely , for the justification of his majesty 's government , on the conclusion to be drawn from its application to thy papers which will soon be laid on the table . Whatever inclination some persons may evince ; whatever efforts may be made to place his majesty 's servants in an unfavourable light , and to produce false impressions respecting their conduct , I am sure there now prevails throughout the country a union of sentiment and feeling hitherto unexampled in any nation . The people are convinced that the times art critical , and that the dangers they have to encounter are great ; but they are also convinced that it is only by their own valour and resolution that these dangers can be averted . They are convinced , by , contemplating the rain of that great fabric whose demolished fragments are now employed to injure us , that it is only by energy and firmness that this country can be saved from a similar ruin ; they are convinced , that it is not by yielding to their enemy , but by resistance , that they can have any chance of salvation ; they are convinced , that if , after all their efforts , they should at last sink under the contest , the would , even then , have the satisfaction of avoiding the self reproaches which those must feel , who , while they were degrading , and humbling themselves before their enemy , returned nothing but insults an