, therefore , that the hon . gent . ought to be more guarded in his expressions , lest he should convey a wrong impression on the public mind . The noble lord , whose statements were so clear , and who had opened a plan which would be satisfactory to all the world , except the common enemy of all , had justly observed , that his system was not applicable to Ireland at present , whatever it might be afterwards . meant no reflection on the management of the Irish finances . As to the prediction of lord Sidmouth , his argument still held good , for that noble lord had assumed that the expenditure would not go beyond 26 millions , and the noble lord opposite also assumed that it would not go beyond 38 millions . The grounds of the former prediction had failed , and so might those of the present.—The chairman then reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Monday se'nnight . On the motion of the archbishop of Canterbury , the thanks of the house were ordered to be given to the bishop of St. David 's for his sermon preached before the house at Westminster Abbey , on Friday last ; and his lordship was desired to print and publish the same.—Lord Eldon gave notice of his intention of submitting to their lordships a bill for the better and more effectually regulating the practice of the court of chancery , as far as the same related to suitors whose monies were paid into that court to abide the event of its decision ; a measure which his lordship said , was of the utmost advantage to the safety of the suitor and the ease of the chancellor , and the want of which he deeply felt when he himself had the honour of filling that office . The lord chancellor quitted the woolsack , and declared that the noble lord should have his sincerest thanks for his attentive consideration of that object ; and he assured him , 601 that it was with infinite satisfaction he heard his determination that night , for , certainly , as the practice was at present , every chancellor must feel considerable difficulty in conducting his decisions , and in adjusting his judgements with suitors of the description adverted to by the noble lord . having moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Slave Trade Abolition bill , observed , that those of their lordships who had witnessed his extreme anxiety to carry forward this important measure with the least possible interruption , would readily conceive that he now felt great regret in finding himself under the necessity of proposing a further delay . Unfortunately , however , two of his noble friends , whose sentiments respecting this measure it was important the house should be in possession of , and whose assistance he much wished to have upon the discussion of the subject , were too much indisposed to be enabled to attend the house . He therefore proposed that the second reading should be postponed till Wednesday.—Ordered , and that the lords be summoned for that day . presented a petition from the ship builders , ship owners , manufacturers , and others of the port of London , against the Slave Trade Abolition bill ; which was ordered to lie on the table . A short conversation took place respecting the propriety of hearing counsel in behalf of the petitioners against the bill . suggested the propriety of making some order upon this subject , if it was the pleasure of their lordships to hear counsel , in order that they might avoid the inconvenience which occurred , of having a preliminary discussion of this nature , on the very day on which the measure proposed was to be brought forward . moved , that such of the petitioners as thought fit , should be heard by their counsel on the second reading of the bill . thought it would be expedient to make some regulation with respect to the hearing of counsel in order