? Were we to press and crush unoffending merchants by the actual execution of severities to the utmost extent of the enemy 's menace ? He believed the house would not go with his hon . and learned friend so far , but would rather prefer mild and moderate measures at first , if likely to be efficacious . It became a great and magnanimous nation to be always moderate in the application of its power ; and he was sure the house would approve of the reluctance with which his majesty 's ministers yielded to the necessity of adopting measures of retaliation upon the enemy which would occasion so much distress on neutrals . It was not denied that some steps in retaliation were necessary , and the question was , how far the ships that had been taken were adequate ; his honourable friend said , we ought to have gone the length of interdicting all commerce with France , and suggested some measures which the house was to compare with those of ministers now carrying into execution . It was necessary to allow a fair trial to what ministers had adopted . A total prohibition of all commerce in the produce of the enemy would be attended with the most distressing consequences to the few provinces that remained neutral , and perhaps with some mischief to ourselves . Spain , Italy , Holland , the North of Germany , all the coast from the Elbe to the gulph of Venice , with the exception of Portugal , were under 636 the dominion of France , and all powers that covered this extent of country were leagued with her in the war ; and on the other side were Russia , Prussia , and Sweden , co-operating with us . The only powers that were neutral , were Austria , which had only the single port of Triest ; Denmark , which had no means of supplying its colonies , or of disposing of its colonial produce , if we carried a general interdict into execution ; Portugal , which would feel the same disabilities ; and America , with respect to which such an interdict would be the means of infinite distress . He could discover that a jealousy of America was at the bottom of all these complaints . But was it to be conceived that we also should not suffer by adopting and enforcing a total interdict ? For if we shut the door upon neutral commerce , we must also shut it in a great degree , upon our own . If the commerce of neutrals with the continent was stopped , we must be totally debarred from all access to the continental market . If neutrals are deprived of the continental market for their colonial produce , they will not have the means of purchasing from us . America exports to the continental nations , but imports chiefly from Great Britain . The commerce of neutrals with our enemies was also necessary to us in another view . We wanted some of the produce of the enemy 's country for our manufactures ; the silks of Italy for instance , and the wools of Spain . We wanted a little of the wines and brandies of France to cheer and comfort us . France had no maritime power to enforce her decree ; but if her intimidation deterred neutrals from coming to us , it would be then time enough to recur to extreme severity . The restriction of the commerce between one port of the enemy and another , was the measure of present retaliation , which it was conceived would fall heaviest on the enemy , with the least possible annoyance to neutrals . Much trade was carried on from port to port of the enemy under neutral names . The whole trade of the enemy was , in fact , carried on under a system of neutralization . This trade from port to port of the enemy , was a trade in which neutrals were not concerned in time of peace , though they had a right to exercise it