, complaining of an undue election for Aberdeen , be deferred from the 23d instant to the 26th of March . In answer to a question from a member , to whom it appeared that the practice of the house , as laid down a few days since in the Thetford case , was against the enlargement , unless some special cause was assigned , Mr. Adam stated the distance of the place , and the necessity of having the attendance of Scotch lawyers , who could not attend till after the rising of the session . After a few observations from Mr. W. Dundas , the motion was agreed to.—Mr . Wingfield presented a petition , praying an enlargement of time for entering into recognizances to prosecute the petition , complaining of an undue election for the borough of Penrhyn . The petition stated , that the petitioners had completed their recognizance , and sent it up to their agent before their petition had been presented ; but that this recognizance was considered as informal , and could not be received . The distance of the place , and the length of time taken in the conveyance by the post , had rendered the remainder of the time limited by act of parliament too short . Mr. W. moved for an enlargement of the time to the 19th instant . After a few observations from Mr. Swan , the sitting member , who thought the petitioners had not used all due diligence to correct their first oversight , and from Mr. Perceval , who recommended a cautious investigation of all grounds assigned for departing from the law , the motion was agreed to.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the resolution of the committee of supply , on the 1st of Jan. for continuing the usual duties on malt , was read . Mr. V. then stated , that , in consequence of circumstances , into which it was unnecessary for him to enter , the bill already brought in on this resolution had been lost in another place ; he therefore 429 moved for leave to bring in another bill , which was granted . Mr. Wilder , seeing the right hon . secretary for the war department in his place , wished to be informed by him , why the name of colonel , now general Oswald , had been omitted in the vote of thanks for the glorious victory of Maida , to the achievement of which his conduct and gallantry had materially contributed . said , it had been his wish , in framing the vote of thanks , to go as far as any former precedent would warrant him in mentioning the officers concerned , by name . No officer of a lower rank than major-general was mentioned by name in any former vote of thanks . But , as the rank of brigadier-general had been recently introduced into our service , he thought we might with propriety extend the compliment to that also . Colonel Oswald was not at the time actually a brigadier-general , though acting in that rank with great credit to himself , and great benefit to the service . The circumstances he mentioned were the only causes of the omission , and he hoped this explanation , which he was happy to have the opportunity of making , would prove perfectly satisfactory to the feelings of the hon . gent . behind him , and of every friend of that gallant and meritorious officer . said , he was perfectly satisfied with the explanation given by the right hon . secretary . Mr. Calcraft , seeing an hon . gent . in his place ( Mr. Johnstone ) , said he should take that opportunity of giving the hon . gent . every satisfactory explanation as to the questions which the hon . gent . had thought it necessary to put to him yesterday , with respect to the item for powder in the charges for the island of Ceylon . The hon , gent . asked , why the necessary supply of gunpowder had not been furnished by