ministers , for an exercise of undue influence . The first was , when they abused their patronage either by holding out mena 759 ces or rewards to persons employed in the public departments , with a view to influence their voices at an election . On this head he could only say , that neither a menace of punishment nor a promise of reward had been held out by the treasury , at the last election , to any person in any department of the state ; and if any such proceedings had taken place , they must have passed through his hands . There had been no abuse of the patronage of government in any department in the kingdom . But the allegations of this petition were not expressive of the sense of the county of Southampton . The petition had been obtained surreptitiously , privately and clandestinely , and was signed only by 112 persons , who could not be said to express the sense of a county in which there were 6000 electors ; the petition therefore did not contain the sense of the county . Was there a fact brought forward to prove its allegations , or was it supported by any charge from any other part of the kingdom ? It rested solely upon the credit of the 112 gentlemen who had signed it , and who had signed it on a belief that he had not been a freeholder of the county , and had consequently no right to interfere . The second ground , upon which charges of undue interference could be made against government , was the profligate use of their power in the abuse of the disposal of the public money . As far as his knowledge went , no such practise had , or could have taken place , though he had heard that other governments had resorted to such means of influence . He could with the greatest confidence assert , that no money , not a single shilling , had been issued from the treasury , directly or indirectly , for the purposes of the late election . He wished this to be well understood by the house , and to go forth to the public and to the world , and he would not pledge his credit and character upon the assertion ; if he had not the most positive certainty of its truth . There had not been a single shilling issued , neither of secret service money , nor of any other fund , levied upon the public , for such a unworthy purpose . These were the only two points upon which charges could be brought for undue interference against government . He had answered the charges that had been brought against him to the best of his judgment , and he took that opportunity of protesting against the doctrine , that the individuals who may compose an administration , had not the same right as 760 others to give their individual influence and support to such candidates as they may prefer . The hon . gent here briefly recapitulated his former statements , and declared that the exercise of any unconstitutional influence was as repugnant to his own feelings as it would be hostile to the wishes of those with whom he was connected , and by whom he had been placed in the situation he then held . If he had been guilty of such conduct it would have deprived him of the good opinion of those whose approbation he most coveted , and the apprehension of what he most valued was , next to his own . principles , the best security against such unconstitutional conduct . He might have had an opportunity of recriminating by charges of a much more dangerous tendency than those preferred against him , but he would have been ashamed of himself , if he could descend to such a course . As he trusted he was incapable of acting in the manner imputed , he should with confidence throw himself upon the justice of the house . in explanation said , that he had