talent but there was still ability amply enough left , to direct the energies of the country with the best hopes of ultimate success He had no doubt that the parliament and the people would be unanimous in supporting his majesty 's government by every exertion in the prosecution of a war , until peace could be obtained , consistent with the honour of the country , but which we could never consent to obtain by making humiliating sacrifices . The valour which had continued to be displayed by his majesty 's fleets and armies , was an amply sufficient pledge of our superiority ; our little army , if he might call it so , in Calabria had bravely and victoriously sustained the British character , whilst our fleets had every where maintained their accustomed , superiority . With all these advantage and with the great sources of our prosperity and strength unimpaired , we might look forward with confidence to the , result . Relying upon ourselves , and united in sentiment and in action , we might set our economy at defiance , and finally , he trustee bring this great contest to a successful and glorious issue . The noble earl conclude with moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty ; '' which address was , as usual , an echo of his majesty 's speech , and nearly the same as that which we insert in this day 's proceedings of the house of commons ; see page 39 . After the address had been read by the lord chancellor , and again by clerk at the table , presented himself to the lordships . He rose , he said , to second the address which had been proposed by the noble earl . Concurring as he did 20 with the noble earl in the sentiments which he had advanced , he felt considerable difficulty in following him upon the same grounds after the ability which the noble earl had displayed . It was his wish to support the present administration , conceiving , that though it combined different parties , those parties were united upon public and patriotic principles , and that it also combined so large a portion of the talent and ability of the country , that every reliance might be placed upon their exertions . In noticing the topics adverted to in his majesty 's speech , he should scarcely be able , after what had been said by the noble earl , to avoid repetition : he thought it , however , necessary in seconding the address , to comment briefly upon some of them . With respect to the negotiation , he would abstain from entering into any discussion , as that subject would come regularly before the house , when the papers respecting it were laid upon their lordships ' table . The calamities which had befallen Prussia were deeply to be lamented , although it was a consolation to us that this country had no share in producing them . It appeared to him , however , that it was highly laudable in his majesty 's ministers , the moment they found a disposition in Prussia to make an effort against France , to seize the opportunity of offering such support and such assistance to Prussia as circumstances might require . It afforded the greatest satisfaction to witness the conduct of Sweden , and of our faithful ally Russia , of whose good faith we had received the most gratifying proofs . The valour of our fleets and armies was a theme for the highest praise , and bade us despise the threats of the enemy , although no means ought to be omitted in order to guard against a possible attack . In this point of view he highly approved of the measures which his majesty 's ministers had brought forward for increasing the military force of the country , and although it had been said , that they had damped the spirit of the volunteers , he believed that very few of that highly meritorious body of men had quitted