. Neither indeed is it material , for the emperor had quitted Paris , to put himself at the head of his army , and I perfectly agree with my noble friend , that when that event had once taken place , every hope of success in negociation was at an end , although perhaps the mission need not have been declared terminated , till the ultimatum of the emperor had been received— This was the position taken by my noble friend : not that which has been ascribed to him by the hon . gent . that all hope of peace was over , when the Confederation of the Rhine had been framed and published ; for it is sufficiently obvious , that however the allies may have disliked that act , whatever character may be ascribed to it , the correspondence and negociation was never for a moment stopped on that account.— Thus , sir , I have taken a review of most of the papers submitted to our consideration by order of his majesty , longer and more tedious than I could have wished , but which has appeared to me necessary in order to justify to myself , to my friends , and to the country , the conclusions to which I have come , and the part I feel compelled to take . Sir , it remains for me to take some notice of the terms which were offered at last by France to this country and to her ally ; and the propriety of our rejecting or accepting those terms for ourselves , and insisting upon all that Russia thought proper to claim for herself . Hanover , that jewel of the crown , as it has been represented , without which its lustre would be incomplete , was ours . The honour of the country therein was secured . Malta was ours . This surely was an important point . What , sir , was the original object of the war in which we have been engaged since 1803 ? Malta . If Malta could have been obtained , war would have 363 been avoided . At least we had the positive assurance of that fact , in the papers which were then laid upon the table of this house . True it is that the first step taken by the persons who then directed the counsels of his majesty towards the rupture of the treaty of Amiens was the king 's message of March , 1803 , relative to the movements in the ports of the enemy . But the communication contained in the message did not , at the time , nor has it ever since appeared to me to be justified by any thing which could be shewn to have taken place . Indeed , I should grieve for the character of England if the imputation cast upon her by the hon . gent . to whose speech I have frequently alluded , could have credit with the world . He has told you , that England , bound by the solemn obligation of a treaty which she had concluded but a few months before ; pretending an earnest desire for the continuation of peace , saw a moment in which she thought the powers of the continent might be excited against France , and that she sought a pretext for war , in order that she might persuade , by her example , those powers to join again for that chimerical object , which had been twice attempted and twice defeated . Sir , it can not be so . It is impossible to believe it . The Cape of Good Hope , the cession of which by England at the treaty of Amiens had been so much censured , was ours . Every point of consequence in the East was yielded ; and Tobago , perhaps of little importance in itself , but which having been originally an English colony was , on that account , an acquisition honourable to this country , was also to be given up . What was there remaining for England , as