presented the Barrack Estimates and gave notice , that on Wednesday next he would move them in the committee of supply.—A message from the lords announced their lordships ' assent to the Exchequer Bills bill.—Mr . Perceval gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for an humble address to be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to cause a copy of the order of council of the 7th of January relative to Neutrals , to be laid on the table of the 447 house.—Mr . Biddulph gave notice , that on Tuesday next , he would propose to the house to come to a resolution , that the extent of the supplies , during the war , having caused great burthens to be imposed upon the people , a committee should be appointed to enquire into the practicability of a reduction of those burthens , by the abolition of sinecure offices , places , pensions , & c. and also by the reduction of exorbitant fees.—On the motion of sir J. Newport , the report of the commissioners of enquiry in Ireland , was entered as read . He then observed , that it appeared by that report that many offices in the customs of Ireland had become useless , and that others had been converted to sinecures , in consequence of the subsequent establishment of other offices , by which their business was transacted . The commissioners recommended , that 38 offices should be entirely abolished , and that 26 should be either abolished by being consolidated with other offices , or so regulated as to become beneficial to the public service . In the 38th of his present majesty , a similar report had been made , in consequence of which a reform , such as that which he meant to propose , had taken place . Without further preface , therefore , he should move , that leave be given to bring in a bill to abolish certain offices , and to regulate certain other offices in the customs of Ireland . Leave granted.—The 46th of the king , commonly called the Corn Intercourse act , having been entered as read , sir J. Newport , intimating that considerable doubts had arisen in some quarters as to the operation of the act , and an interpretation having been given to it which was by no means intended , gave notice , that he would to-morrow move that the act should be taken into consideration by a committee of the whole house . His object was , that the sense of the act should be declared , and that it should be shewn that it applied to the gross produce and manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland alone , and not to those of foreign countries . The deputy usher of the black rod appeared , and required the immediate attendance of the house , in the house of peers , to hear a commission read . The speaker and several members , accordingly attended . On their return , the speaker informed the house , that the lords , au 448 thorised by his majesty 's commission , had signified the royal assent to the Exchequer Bills bill.—The speaker also informed the house , that he had received from Mr. Bouchier , the deputy clerk of the crown in Ireland , a return of barristers , qualified to act as commissioners under the Election act.—The speaker likewise informed the house , that the following persons having presented petitions on the 1st of January , complaining of undue returns for the places annexed , and not having entered into the recognizances prescribed by the 28th of his present majesty , he had caused the orders for taking such petitions into consideration to be discharged : W. Baker , Newcastle-under-Line ; sir J. E. Brown , county of Mayo ; sir C. Saxton , and H. Bouverie , Malmsbury ; several burgesses of Malmsbury ; T. Stacy and others , freemen of Hythe.—He also observed , that although no recognizances had been entered into on the joint petition of sir C. Saxton