great nation . Other services might cut a greater figure , in relation to their effect in adding to national importance , by acquisitions of strength , resources , or territory , though not of character to call for the sort of honours and distinctions merited by achievements of this kind . In this respect the value and importance of the exploit was highly augmented , even in the midst of those splendid and brilliant triumphs to which this country had been so much accustomed . The glory acquired in this action had not often been equalled , and never had been surpassed in the records of military renown . Of what value it was to keep up this high character for military spirit ; how necessary it was to encourage it with every honourable distinction of public approbation and gratitude ; how impossible it was for any great country to preserve its character and independence without the possession of such feelings ; these were topics upon which it was unnecessary for him to dwell . But if ever 217 there had been a period of the world , when a strong military feeling was wanted for the preservation of the greatness and glory of a country , it was the present . It was this period , when the whole world had become , as it were , one universal camp ; when all nations were occupied with military views , military fame , and military services ; when these military pursuits were substituted in place of the civil arts of life ; when no country could be safe that did not cultivate them , and when any country , that did not cultivate them , could no longer hope to continue its independence . We were come to that state of society when , as had been well said , the soldier was abroad ; when , in the language of the poet , `` man and steel , the soldier and the sword , '' were the only productions of a country that could be looked to with confidence for its protection and security . It was not because we had lost any part of the military spirit or character of the country that he dwelt with such pride upon the value of this exploit ; certainly not . This country had never forfeited its just character for military superiority . Yet , from the circumstances under which the war had hitherto been carried on , and the pre-eminence of our great and glorious naval exploits , we had not had the same opportunity of distinguishing our arms by land as by sea . The nations of the continent too , as if they derived consolation in their humiliation from the impression , seemed to have been brought over to the opinion , that our military power , in the largest sense of the word , was wholly confined to naval operations . They seemed to think , that this country , was , he should not say proportionably weak , but that it was not proportionably strong by land as by sea . Now , the immediate tendency and effect of the glorious battle of Maida was , that it would meet these opinions , and correct the error in which they originated . It was impossible to contemplate this glorious exploit in all its circumstances , and not give way to a feeling of triumph at the superiority of national valour displayed in it . Yet , it might be said that it was not by naked valour that the skill , the discipline , and experience of the veteran troops of the enemy were to be overcome . It resulted , however , from the experience of this action , that British disciplined troops possessed a decided superiority over those of the enemy . Many persons in this country appeared to entertain , and in their 218 writings avowed the opinion , that the troops of the enemy were superior to British troops . The opinion was flattering to the enemy , but he trusted it had not gone far in the country ,