aware of any law to that effect , and he begged the house to look at the situation it would be in , was every member of the government of this country , whatever might be their talents , their wealth , their consequence , or their other claims to be high in the estimation of their countrymen , deprived of all the influence natural to such qualifications , solely because they happened to fill an office in the government . Was that a doctrine that could be supported in that house or tolerated in this country ? Having thus stated that he was not restricted by any law from pursuing the course he had followed , that his property gave him the right , and that that right was strengthened by the consideration of the property possessed in the county by his nearest and dearest connections , he had next to state another motive , Which had induced him to take an interest in the election for Hampshire . Mr Thistlethwaite , one of the candidates , was his cousin by marriage , and their families were connected by all the ties of affinity and friendship . Under such circumstances , he should have been wanting in the proper feelings of attachment if he had not exerted himself to promote the success of a candidate in whom his nearest and dearest connections had such an interest , provided , that in so doing , he did not employ the power 758 of his official situation . He begged here to bring back the attention of gentlemen to the letter , and , he would then ask whether there was a single expression in it which could be construed to convey the command of office . He had written in precisely the same terms that any gentleman not holding an official situation , would , to the head of a department with whom he was acquainted . He had known general Hewitt , and had understood that major Davies was a freeholder in the county of Southampton , and had applied to general Hewitt for the purpose of obtaining that vote . Whether he had been rightly informed as to major Davies having a vote , he could not tell , but he had reason to believe that he had not voted either for Mr. Herbert . or Mr. Thistlethwaite . The hon . baronet had stated , that the whole barrack department had been put in motion , and that considerable influence had been thereby created in the decision of the election . But he challenged the hon . baronet or any of the gentlemen by him , to prove the influence thus charged . If he was well informed , not a single individual connected with the barrack department , had given a vote at the election , and even major Davies had not voted , either for Mr. Herbert , or Mr. Thistlethwaite . The hon . baronet had likewise brought forward several letters which had been written on the subject of the one originally written by him . But he trusted the house would not think him responsible for any letter but that of which he had himself been the author , and which , he trusted he had shewn , could neither implicate him nor the government under which he acted . The hon . baronet had also read a letter of the duke of Chandos which had given rise to the resolution of parliament in the year 1779 . It would be recollected that the duke of Chandos had been a peer of parliament , and consequently disqualified by a resolution of that house from interfering with elections . He was a freeholder of the county , and possessed as good a right as any of the petitioners to canvass his tenants or his friends , in favour of the candidates he preferred . So far he trusted the house would feel that he was justified in going . Having said thus much of the charge contained in the petition , he should now begin to state the only two grounds of crimination against