other , that , with a view not to dissolve the bonds which united France with Prussia , this agreement should not be disclosed , unless peace should have taken place . In the beginning of June , the proposal was sent by him to Mr. Fox . He declined putting it on paper , in regard to the confidential restriction imposed by the French government ; and it was not till the day of his departure for France , with the answer of his majesty 's government , that he was induced , on the representation of Mr. Fox that we were all mortal , and that in cases of such importance , some fixed record , independent of human casualties , should be preserved , that he was induced , on the faith of an assurance that the document should not pass the cabinet , to commit the substance of the proposal made to him , to writing . He did not mean to decorate himself with plumes to which he was not entitled . It might be true that one motive for choosing him to be the instrument of the negociation was his having been the bearer of the proposition from the French government ; but , if it were inferred , as it had gone abroad , that he had been chosen on that ground only , without any regard to qualification , the inference was false . He regretted as much as any one , that the choice of his majesty ' government had not fallen on some person of greater ability ; but it was at the same time material to be known , that any other person in such a capacity would not have been suffered to remain 12 hours in Paris without producing his full powers . M. d'Oubril was not suffered to remain so long without producing them ; and he believed it was a case unparalleled in history , that he ( lord Yarmouth ) was not called upon to produce his . He had hoped that the private letter of Mr. Fox to M. Talleyrand , conveyed by him , contained some memorandum of the substance of what he had communicated , and he told Mr. Fox he did hope so . He communicated to M.Talleyrand the wishes of this government ; he made the demands he was instructed to prefer , in a fair , direct , and manly manner , and not with any artifice for the purpose of taking in . He did state the basis of the intended negociation to be , that of actual possession , and no objection was made to that statement then , or at any other time , it being always understood that , though the uti possidetis was the basis , it was subject to explanation and variation , accord- 328 ing to mutual interest and convenience . The negociation might have proceeded on this understanding , were it not for the jealousies conceived by the political death of Mr. Fox , which was understood to have taken place the 17th of July . He had presented a note to assert the basis of the uti possidetis , as soon as he had communicated his full powers ; and , in his second note , that basis was insisted upon as much as it could be . It was not easy in private quarrels to make an individual eat his words ; but it was much more difficult to bring to that submission a man who was at the head of 500,000 troops . Hence the management to avoid a retractation , the word adopte was substituted for the word reconnoit , in the acknowledgement of the long-contested basis . Little progress was made in the negociation , and scarcely had an exchange of visits taken place , when M. D'Oubril arrived at Paris . It was of little moment now to enquire , whether the treaty signed by M. D'Oubril was the act of his own impropriety , or whether the refusal to ratify it arose merely from a change in the Russian ministry , subsequent to his