to say to the prejudice of such a court , or its utility for the purposes for which it was instituted for military of–fences ; —for offences truly military , he be–lieved a Court Martial was the most pro–per tribunal . But to ask him at once , with–out his knowing whether there were any pre–cedents to make the sentence of a court martial , in which there was no trial by jury , no challenge of jurors , in fact , none of the privileges that constituted the trial by jury—to ask him to inflict a penalty that never attached to any sentence of a court of common law , was to ask him to do that to which it was impossible he could assent ; and particularly when , at the same 522 time , he was required to adopt such a principle , he was to be denied the means of informing himself , and no precedent what–ever was offered . He trusted such a pro–position would be discountenanced . He had thought it necessary to trouble the house with his opinion thus early , on ac–count of the manner in which the question had been treated . The noble lord had been cautioned not to throw the shield of power over the member to whom the discussion referred . The noble lord had not thrown the shield of power over the member . He had thrown the shield of the constitution over the member , as he hoped he would over every member , if he should stand in need of it . There had been allusions made to certain fanciful notions of honour and dishonour , which could never be made the ground of any rational proceedings in any court of justice . It was impossible that the house could found proceedings on any maxims or principles of such a nature . He believed that the electors of this country , as long as they possessed those feelings which an attachment to their own rights and the constitution of the country was calculated excite , would be convinced , that those who opposed the motion of the hon . ge–neral were the true friends of their rights , and of the constitution . said , that it was necessary for him , who had been a mem–ber of the parliament in which the member referred to had been expelled , to vindi–cate it from something that had fallen from a learned gent . ( the attorney-general ) who was not a member of that parliament . He begged to be understood as not wishing to enter into the question , either of the pro–priety of searching for precedents , or of reading the proceedings of the house . As to the question of searching for precedents , no material objection had been made . He could have wished that in this early stage of the discussion , the consideration of personal feelings had not been introduced . It could have no other effect than that of preventing the cool and dispassionate de–cision of the question . However , it was only his intention to notice what had fallen from the learned gent . Did he mean to say that the proceedings of the court martial were not now , or were not then , a proper ground for the house to exercise a privilege not disputed , of expelling one of its members ? No such opinion , he was persuaded , had been maintained in the house when the question was determined 523 by the last parliament . It appeared to him that the question ought to he disentangled of all legal niceties . It was monstrous to say , that if the house was satisfied there was such a body of crime proved to have existed , whether the crime was of a military nature or in a moral view , that it had not power to act . But the learned gent . should have stated what he meant by a crime purely military ; a crime might be military , and yet , in the course of the enquiry before a