dictate some measure which would do away this monopoly , and thus compensate for any loss which the slave trade might occasion to the merchants of Great Britain . I have , said the hon . gent. , long resided in the town of Liverpool ; for 30 years I have never ceased to condemn this inhuman traffic ; and I consider it the greatest happiness of my existence to lift up my voice on this occasion against it , with the friends of justice and humanity was greatly surprised to hear the opponents of this hill enter into cold calculations of loss and gain ; for his part , he could never stop to balance imports and exports against justice and humanity . Statements had been made by the noble lord , which put it beyond doubt that oppression and cruelty had been practised towards the negroes in the West Indies . He did not want to have all the facts proved at the bar of the house , for if one half or a third of them were true , enough was established to induce the British legislature to interfere in behalf of those wretched creatures , who had been made the instruments of 963 gratifying avarice and the basest passions . Here the hon . gent . entered into a statement with a view of shewing that the disproportion between the numbers of the males and females in the colonies was not as great as had been stated by the counsel for the petitioners . On the whole , though he believed that the slaves were better treated now than they had been heretofore , yet he thought that this was no reason against the abolition of the trade with Africa , which he considered to be the parent and fertile source of all the evils and calamities which the blacks suffered from their masters . He never , therefore , gave a vote with greater cordiality than he should in favour of the present measure , which reflected the highest credit on ministers , and would , he had no doubt , confer benefit and security on the West Indies and spoke to the following effects ; —Mr . Speaker ; the abolition of the slave trade has been , for the last 20 years , so repeatedly submitted to the consideration of this house , and to the discussion of the great and pre-eminent talents which have characterized and adorned the parliamentary history of this country , for that period ; that , in addressing the house on this night , I feel my insufficiency to add any argument , either more new , or more cogent , than those which have on so many former occasions been introduced . But , sir , I rise to perform a solemn but voluntary pledge made to my constituents , that I would mark , with my express reprobation , a traffic , the most unjust and execrable ; a trade , which has , during the whole course of my existence , excited the strongest abhorrence in my mind , and to resist the continuance of which is this night a proud and satisfactory feeling , enhanced by the grateful recollection , that I have been enabled to join with my hon . and respected colleague ( Mr. Wilberforce ) in the accomplishment of that object , which was the steady , unerring , and virtuous aim , of his private exertions and his public duties . The noble lord who , with his wonted eloquence , and unanswerable reasoning , moved this subject , has , I trust , fully convinced this house , that the measure which he supports and recommends , is founded on the true principles of a sound and liberal policy . It is unnecessary for me to follow that noble lord through the clear and precise statements which he made , or to advert to those calculations and inferences , which were so ably and fairly de- 964 duced . There ere still powerful reasons which imperiously sway me to support the abolition of this trade in slaves , and