trade had been abolished , and slavery still continued . urged the danger which might result from retaining these expressions . When the negroes in the islands found that no fresh importations took place , they would naturally inquire the cause , and when they found that the trade was abolished , and declared to be contrary to justice , humanity , and sound policy , would it not have a material effect in their minds with respect to their own situation , and the means by which they were brought there ? —The committee then divided on the question , that the words objected to stand part of the preamble . Contents , 33 ; non-contents , 10 ; majority 23 . The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday . Chairman of the Saltash Election Committee , informed the house , that the said committee Met this morning , pursuant to their adjournment of yesterday , and G.V . Vernon , esq . one of the members of the said committee , not attending , the committee continued to sit for one hour , and then adjourned till tomorrow . Ordered , That the said Mr. Vernon do attend this house , in his place , upon Monday next.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland , presented an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland , for the year ending the 5th of January 1807 . Ordered to he on the table.—Ordered , on the motion of Mr. Bathurst , that the committee appointed to search for precedents touching the expulsion of members , have power to send for persons , papers , and records.—A new writ was ordered for the city of Worcester , in the room of Henry Bromley , who since his election had accepted the Chìltern Hundreds.—Lord Temple brought up the Cape of Good Hope Trade bill , which was read a first time.—The house , on the motion of Mr. Vansittart , resolved itself into a committee of supply , and resolved that a sum not exceeding 1,200,000l . be granted to his majesty , for discharging the Interest of such Exchequer Bills as may have been paid off in the year 1806. rose to present a Petition to the house from several respectable Freeholders of the county of Hampshire , complaining of the improper interference of persons in office for the purpose of influencing the last election for the county of Hampshire . wished the hon . gent . would state more explicitly the nature and object of the petition he was about to present . could not vote for the admission of a paper , of which he was , as yet , entirely ignorant . acquainted the hon . gent . that in presenting a petition he was bound to open the matter thereof to the house , and also to state the prayer of the petitioners . If the petition contained a prayer , it undoubtedly was entitled to the attention of the house ; but , if not , the house could not receive any statements the petitioners might think proper to make , as a petition claiming its consideration . observed , that the petition contained a statement of a grievance , complained of by the subjects , and as such , was entitled to the consideration of parliament . intimated , that the petition complained of a breach of the privileges of that house , and contended , that it ought to be received . stated , that the petition would not be found defective in any of the usual forms , and took upon himself to affirm , that it did contain a prayer : an alledged grievance was complained against , and it was prayed that that house would interfere to remedy or to remove it . The Petition was then read , and was as follows : —'That the petitioners think it their duty to represent to the house , that , previously to the late election of knights to serve in parliament for