in itself , they found a long train of consequences ; like the ancient philosopher , who exclaimed , Give me but a place to stand on , and I will lift the earth . In the same manner your petitioners have said , Let us have but the benefit of one false assumption , and with that we will prove the ruin and destruction of your West-India trade . These petitions contain certainly many allegations well calculated to alarm the house , but they do not deserve to be considered , unless the proposition upon which they are founded , could first he established . If we look at the present state of St. Domingo , if we reflect upon the situation in which it now is , and in which it will probably continue , we shall then see whether just , humane , and beneficent measures are not necessary to prevent the contagion of that example from extending to our own colonies . This appears to me , sir , to be a weighty and important consideration ; but if it even did not exist , I feel so strong an abhorrence of this inhuman and barbarous traffic , that I would not hesitate one moment in voting for its immediate and entire abolition . I would appeal to those sentiments of justice , of humanity , of benevolence , which are , I am sure , inherent in the breasts of all those whom I have now the honour of addressing . I would call upon them in the name of suffering humanity , in the name of an oppressed and injured nation , in the name of those wrongs which have been suffered , of those rights which have been violated , I would call upon them to stop this odious and execrable traffic . It is a traffic , sir , which has been forcibly but truly described as a traffic in human blood and tears , in misery and suffering . I would call upon the house to act in conformity to the resolutions passed in the last session of the late parliament , and which form the foundation of the measure which is now proposed . And here I beg leave to remind the house of the opinions which were entertained upon this subject by that illustrious stateman whose loss we all deplore ; to whom I was connected by every tie of blood , of private friendship , and of personal obligation ; and whose memory I shall ever cherish with sentiments of love and gratitude . This great man , of whom it is impossible to speak or to think but with respect , employed , upon many occasions , his splendid eloquence and transcendant talents , in 971 urging the adoption of that measure which is now proposed . I trust upon all these grounds , that the house is now arrived after full , mature , and deliberate discussion , at the completion of this great work , the most honourable and glorious that was ever consummated . We are now called upon to decide whether we will sanction the continuance of a system which would disgrace times and countries the most barbarous and uncivilized ; whether we will suffer this stain to tarnish the lustre of our national character ; whether , when we complain so often and so loudly of the injustice , violence , and oppression of our enemies , we will suffer still greater instances of injustice , violence , and oppression , to exist in any part of the British dominions ? I earnestly hope that the house will not separate this night , that the members of it will not retire home without the heart-felt satisfaction of discharging a sacred and solemn duty which they owe to themselves , to their country , and to their God . There is , sir , only one consideration more which I wish to mention before I conclude . Engaged as we unfortunately are in a war of unparalleled danger and indefinite duration , contending with an enemy the most powerful that ever existed ,