stronger ground for supposing that , if ceded by France , Russia would not relinquish her hold ; and a still stronger ground for believing , that France would never agree to the cession.—The result is , that if Russia insisted peremptorily upon her terms , and we agreed with her as to the propriety of her demands , peace was not attainable , because we asked that which , placing ourselves in the situation of France , we would not , I think , have given.—Sir , without presuming positively to contend in opposition to the authority of my noble friend , and those who are connected with him in official situation , that the terms proposed by France were such as ought to have been accepted ; but as far as Great Britain alone is concerned ; surely it was no disgraceful or inglorious offer that was made ; and to Great Britain and her ally , the offer was such as may not speedily be made again ; and the probability , or improbability of obtaining better terms than those which you refuse , is always a consideration of the utmost importance to those who are engaged in negociation . But , sir , I maintain that the terms stated even in the last communication between lord Lauderdale and M Champagny , far less those originally talked of by general Clarke to lord Yarmouth , and upon which my noble friend has more particularly dwelt , can not fairly be stated to be the ultimate terms of France . To the last hour , M. Champagny , with an eagerness which to me evinces sincerity , presses for further communication hopes for fresh instructions . In the conference detailed by lord Lauderdale in his dispatch of the 19th of September , ( p. 189 ) , M. Talleyrand , in answer to a question proposed to him , says , `` The emperor will leave every thing to his plenipotentiaries . '' All tends to shew , that if the time which elapsed from the commencement of the negociation , had been duly improved , it might have been known what the ultimate terms of France were , and then only could you have said with truth to the world , that it was solely owing to the injustice and ambition of France , that peace between the two countries had not been concluded . —Sir , it has been thrown out in the course of debate , that at all events we have had a good escape ; for that as no peace between England and France could be deemed 369 worth our having , which did not hold out a prospect of security to the continent , seeing what what happened to Prussia , we may congratulate ourselves upon not having concluded a peace , which would have been immediately followed by a war between that power and France . Much has been said of the injustice and the violence of France in her present contest with Prussia ; and even in the speech from the throne we were told that Prussia was forced into the contest by France ( p. 15 ) . Sir , I was unwilling to express any difference of opinion on that day , but undoubtedly I could not concur in the justice of that position . Of Prussia , in her present state of abasement and dejection , one can not speak as one would have done in her more prosperous moments . But the truth is , that having , during 13 years , evinced any thing rather than magnanimity of conduct , she rushed into a war with France , with an inconsiderate folly , amounting almost to madness : and for what ? —Why , sir , according to the confession of Prussia herself , because she had evidence that France was negociating with England , and that the restoration of Hanover was to be a condition of the treaty.—It was not any act of recent aggression on the part of France ; not the Confederation of the Rhine , not the lengthened abode of the