that negociation had been undertaken was accomplished ! `` look , '' he might say to his master , `` look at the work of the last 3 months . You apprehended the union of Prussia with the two great surviving powers of the confederacy ; you wished to punish Prussia , to insulate her , to have her at your mercy , 404 It is done . Three months have changed every thing according to your wish . Instead of Prussia plotting with England and Russia jointly against France , behold Prussia at war with England ; and England and Russia separately negociating for peace ! `` —But to continue and secure to Buonaparte this beneficial state of things , it was necessary that the negociation with England should be resumed . Else we might have begun to see that war with that Power , by whose aid alone we could ever hope to make head effectually against France , was not precisely the policy most consonant to our interests ; and we might possibly have corrected it before it was yet too late . 'What ? ' says the noble lord , 'would your policy have abandoned Hanover ? ' I answer this question by another , 'Has your policy recovered Hanover ? ' 'What , would you have made common cause with Prussia while you had such ground of complaint against her unredressed ? ' I hope we are making , or ready to make , common cause with Prussia now ; and I do not see what great benefit we have derived from waiting till now to do so.—To prevent our recurring to this policy , however , at a period when it might have been more advantageous to us , M. Talleyrand resumed the negociation ; and then came the message through lord Yarmouth ; and then came the separate treaty of M. D'Oubril ; a treaty in which , most fortunately for us , Buonaparte and his minister were betrayed by the intoxication of the success , which had so far attended their plans , into the demand of such terms as it was impossible for the emperor of Russia to ratify ; and then came those tedious bickerings , those perplexed and wearisome discussions about the uti possidetis , contrived , as it would seem , for the express purpose which France had at heart , of gaining time , of absorbing our whole attention , of making the continent vanish from our view ; and thus was the negociation protracted till the fate of Prussia was ripe ; and then Buonaparte left Paris for the field of battle ( to conquer Hanover for England—no doubt ! ) and `` the farce '' ( as lord Lauderdale properly calls it ) was at length permitted to conclude— And after all this , the noble lord gravely asks `` what advantage to France ? '' And after all this , he adds , `` what detriment to Great Britain ? `` —Really and sincerely , sir , I am at a loss to account for the protraction of the negociation on our part , under 405 circumstances so obviously hopeless as to peace ; and so obviously disadvantageous to this country , if peace was not to be the issue . But I do not concur with those who lay the blame of this endless delay on lord Lauderdale , still less on lord Yarmouth , and his production of his full powers . The assertion that lord Yarmouth 's production of his full powers pledged this country to the continuance of the negociation , ( p. 136 ) I will not say is unfounded ; but I confess it is to me perfectly unintelligible . At all events , lord Y . 's recall put an end to that difficulty ; and with him and his full powers the negociation might properly have ended . As to lord Lauderdale , I am loth to notice what I think an idle challenge , which has been thrown out to those who disapprove of the length of his stay at Paris , to point out