compliance with this dictatorial proceeding ; we should have said that we disdained to treat with the United States of America , with a pistol at our breast ; and that until they repealed that act by which the importation of our goods was prohibited , we would not treat with them at all . He observed also , that as France had adopted a course by which neutrals were prevented from trading with us , we could easily retaliate , by taking care that no neutrals should trade with them until the goods should first have paid a duty in our ports ; and this was not difficult for us under the present condition of things , for we were now literally masters of the whole trade of the world , as far as related to carrying any thing by sea . These were matters which required serious consideration under the present condition of things , for if we were so disposed , we could levy a very heavy tax on our enemies , which they would be compelled to pay , or perish almost for want of many articles of commerce . Having made these observations , he must confess that the support of the government in the most vigor- 416 ous prosecution of the war , was a thing so obviously just and necessary , and the good intentions of government were in this negociation so manifest , and the good faith observed to our allies so entirely honourable , that he felt no difficulty whatever in assenting to the address most cordially . made a very animated reply , and we are sorry that the hour at which he rose precludes us from following him in detail . He noticed with much animation whad had fallen from the last speaker on the subject of Mr. Fox 's correspondence . Language had been used , he observed , which would have been unbecoming in one member towards another sitting on the bench opposite to him , and yet all the scoff 's , taunts , and insinuations which had been employed were directed against one who was now no more , and whose answer the learned gent . knew he had no reason to dread . He had commented with much asperity on an attachment which he supposed had been formed between Mr. Fox and M. Talleyrand . Where did he learn that any such attachment ever existed ? He could assure the hon . and learned gent . that no intimate friendship subsisted between M. Talleyrand and Mr. Fox . All the relation in which they stood with respect to each other was that of common acquaintance , and they had no intimacy but that which had arisen in social intercourse . An extract only of one letter , which passed between them , had been given , because the remainder was of a private nature . But was the learned gent . warranted on that account in supposing the remainder of the letter contained something improper ? He could assure him that there was no part of the correspondence of which his majesty 's ministers were ignorant . Nay , he could further assure him , that every line written by Mr. Fox to M. Talleyrand was seen by the king . The noble lord then replied to some of the arguments used by Mr. Canning , and Mr. Whitbread . The hon . gent . he observed , blamed his majesty 's ministers for having done too much in the way of negociation , while his hon . friend and relation blamed them for doing too little ; but he thought it was not a little in their favour , that they had steered a middle course between the two extremes . The pamphlet which had been alluded to , shewed from the total ignorance with which it was written , that it could come from no official authority , as insinuated . As to the prosecution hinted 417 at , he could only say , that those within whose department such proceedings came , would , if they thought fit , prosecute it