to the general doctrine of the adaptation of laws to the supposed state of the country , it would open a door for all reformation . In the reign of the philosophers of France , there was nothing great or venerable in antiquity that was not attacked , before the great revolution which rendered these changes odious to all the world . If we were to look generally at the fitness of things , he would undertake with half the ingenuity of the hon . and learned gent. , to prove to the conviction of speculative men and many others , that there was nothing that had been hitherto held venerable in our law , that , did not require reformation . He could prove , that the right of primogeniture ought to be abolished , and that it was improper to leave almost the whole to lazy drones of elder brothers , and leave the rest to make their way in the world as they could . If you began with these notions , there was no end to them . He had therefore , his doubts as to the propriety of passing this law , and these doubts were not removed . He would not , however , oppose the second reading , because he wished to observe what amendments might be made in it , but he rather thought that he must be under the necessity of opposing its ultimate success . in explanation , denied his having said that it was his intention to proceed further . He had merely stated , that it might possibly appear proper to parliament to make other alterations in the course of time . He had no personal object whatever in this measure . His sole motive for bringing it forward , was a conviction of the benefits which the public would derive from it . disclaimed having imputed any personal motive to the hon . and learned gentleman . supported the bill 859 on the grounds of justice and morality , and his only wonder was , that a measure of this nature had not been brought forward sooner . The object was to compel the heir to do that justice which his ancestor might be prevented from doing by various causes . Our veneration for the institutions of our ancestors must be limited by a regard to justice . He denied that the evil which this bill went to remedy was merely a specific and partial one . The tendency of our law was to facilitate the alienation of landed property , and to get rid of feudalties , and that was certainly not a partial remedy which went to render the real estates of persons dying in debt , and perhaps wishing to discharge them , liable for these debts . It would be a great satisfaction to many persons , who without any fraudulent intentions found themselves , at the moment of dissolution , unable to make arrangements for paying their debts as the law now stood . It would be a great satisfaction to them to have the conviction that their debts would be paid from their real estates . He denied that a bill of this kind ought with any peculiar property to originate in the other house . The great law magistrates would have the measure before them in due time , if it passed this house . He thought that the house and the country were under great obligations to his hon . and learned friend for his bill . He was glad that the subject had been brought forward and laid open to public discussion . was , upon the whole , rather disposed to favour the bill , for the object of his hon . and learned friend was one which ought certainly to be promoted , if that could be done without injury to the proprietors of land , and he was glad that there seemed a disposition on all sides to canvass this business more maturely . The very reason that rendered it proper to pause upon it was that which the hon . and learned gent .