that part of it . felt himself under the utmost obligation to the noble lord for the extreme candour , which prompted him to come forward and make the statements which he had done . With regard to the date of Mr. Fox 's letter , it certainly had surprized him very much yesterday evening , when the noble lord declared the date which he had just corrected ; but he did not see that the alteration of date made such a difference in the state of the argument , as the noble lord seemed willing to allow , He had contended , that not on one particular day alone , but that on every day the situation of this country , with respect to Russia , ought to have been present to the minds of his majesty 's ministers , and to have influenced their conduct . With respect to the suppression by the French government of the defence , which it now appeared by the noble lord 's statement , had been made by Mr. Fox , of the conduct of antecedent administrations against the foul charges preferred against them , it gave him great satisfaction to find that such a defence had been made . The house would recollect , however , that he had last night only reasoned hypothetically on this subject , declaring , that if the chasms in the correspondence which he had described should not be properly supplied , such and such must be the consequences necessarily to be deduced from that omission . In pointing out these chasms , he conceived that he had done a service to his majesty 's ministers . added to his former statement , that Mr. Fox in his letter declared , that what he did was with the direct approbation of all his colleagues . said , he did not rise to oppose the address , but merely to notice one or two points which had been omitted in his majesty 's speech to the house . There were a few topics also to which he wished to advert on the present occasion , just to let the noble lord who introduced them , see that his triumph was not as complete as he had induced himself to imagine . The noble lord had , in the course of his speech last night , drawn a comparison between the 15 years opposition , of which the noble lord had been a distinguished member , and the present opposition , which he characterized as factious and harassing , while he complimented his own , as one which had been uniformly actuated by principle . Allowing the noble lord all the enjoyment which he could derive from his retrospect , he 84 should tell him , that however he might please to denominate the present opposition , he would find them at their post , attending to the progress of public business , and paying particular attention to the conduct and measures of ministers . If the noble lord thought that this kind of opposition , founded on public duty , was harassing , he frankly informed the noble lord in time , that he could not expect much indulgence or sound repose during the session . The noble lord had laid great stress on the term popularity , which he emphatically declared the present opposition did not possess . This was a point , however , on which be did not see that the noble lord had great reason to exult . Let him look to the result of the general election . A reference to the contests in those places where the largest share of popularity might have been manifested , would soon skew what quality and description the popularity of the ministerial candidates was composed . Look to Norfolk and Southwark ; come then to Hampshire ; but of the election for that place he should not now take any other notice , than just mentioning that his lordship would hear more respecting it , before the end of the session , than might be palateable . The noble lord could not be ignorant of