hon . member conceived that motions like that before the house should not be at all considered as acts of opposition to ministers . From the conduct of his noble friend this evening , it was evident that ministers themselves did not so consider them . On the contrary , their candour clearly 714 shewed the alacrity with which they were ready to receive a proposition of economy from any quarter of the house , which must encourage every man to suggest to them the means which might serve to carry their acknowledged principles into effect . With , however , this concurrent wish of all to pursue economy with every practicable industry , he deprecated the application of it to the purpose of producing any reduction of the salaries allowed to our public officers , who so far from being over-paid , were many of them he was prepared to say , with regard to money , very much under-paid . Considering their situation , connections , names , and talents , the remuneration was , he had almost said , quite too little . In rewarding such men , parliament should ever bear in mind fidelity towards the people , and liberality towards the officers , both which tending to the same point , must urge them to provide that the character of the one should not be degraded , by allowing the comfort and interest of the other to be neglected . rose to explain a point upon which he had been evidently , without any intention , misinterpreted by his hon . friend . In his observations with respect to the comparative propriety of pensions and sinecures , he was in fact but endeavouring to answer an argument , which appeared to him likely to arise in the disscusion . But he expressed no opinion . His argument was merely speculative upon the question , whether if we were about to constitute a new system , it would not be better to invest , not that house , as his hon . friend seemed to think , but the crown , with the power of granting pensions as rewards to meritorious public officers , than to create nominal offices for the purpose of such rewards . But those offices being already in existence , rendered the case different , and their continuance was connected with the honour of the crown , and with the interests and good faith of the country . It was however , the duty of that house to take care that such a system was not carried to any unjustifiable excess , by the appointment , from time to time , of such committees as that which was now moved for . The noble lord concluded with moving an amendment to his motion , that Ireland should be included in the inquiry . professed his unwillingness to mis-state any sentiment of his noble friend 's , and that he was quite satisfied with his explanation . in a maiden speech , declared , that this was a motion upon which , consistently with his own principles , or his duty to his constituents , he could not content himself with giving a silent vote . He hoped , however , that in his first attempt to engage the attention of the house , he should meet with that indulgence which was usually extended to a member rising under similar circumstances . Notwithstanding all the efforts that had been made , and all the expences incurred , in endeavours to rescue our neighbours from subjugation , there still remained to this country sufficient means and resources to enable us to cope with all the adversaries with whom we had , and might have , to contend , if only they should be wisely administered and economically applied . He was persuaded that the country possessed ample means to meet every emergency , and to secure us against every possible danger . But the only means of obtaining this desirable end was , that the government should shew to the people that they were determined to rectify every abuse , and manifest a determination