conceiving that the persons concerned in the trade ought to have sufficient notice . Now , however , he had no doubt that the trade ought to be immediately abolished , not only because it was contrary to justice and humanity , but also because the abolition 702 was the only means of preventing those evils which must otherwise necessarily result from the multiplication , of slaves in the West Indies . approved of the bill , and expressed a confidence that the planters would by a moderate treatment of their slaves , contribute to bring about that state of the colonies which was so much to be desired . was at a loss to understand upon what principle of logic it was to be proved , that if the slave trade was contrary to justice and humanity , it was not also contrary to justice arid humanity to keep the negroes who had been procured by means of the trade , in a state of perpetual slavery . He was not so mad as to think that liberty ought to be given to the slaves in the West Indies : but he contented , that upon the principles upon which the abolition was now founded , emancipation ought also to follow . If it was however determined finally to abolish the trade , it might at least be conceded to the feelings of the planters , and of those concerned in the trade , to erase the words , declaring it to be contrary to justice and humanity . It was thought , however , by some of the supporters of the bill , that by retaining these words , foreign powers might be humbugged , if he might use the expression , into a concurrence in the abolition . This , however , he did not think at all practicable , and it was surely a consideration of expediency , whether at a time when the continent of Europe was nearly shut against us , we should put an end to our trade with the continent of Africa , and by so doing , greatly injure and distress many persons , and deprive many more of the means of subsistence . was glad to find that the opponents of this measure were nearly reduced to one argument , and that was , that the bill did not extend to the emancipation of the slaves already on the islands . The attempted application , however , of the same justice and humanity to both cases , resolved itself into this . In abolishing the trade we did justice to the inhabitants of Africa , who were the parties aggrieved , but in giving liberty to the slaves on the islands , we should do the greatest injustice to them in giving them that which they would not know how to use , and which would only be productive to them of injury . That liberty , the blessings of which we were ena- 703 bled properly to estimate and appreciate , Would be to them , in their state of ignorance and barbarism , a poison of the most baleful nature—The bill was then read a third time , passed , and ordered to be sent to the House of Commons . On the motion of lord Howick , the call of the house , which stood for this day , for the purpose of insuring a sufficient attendance of members to form the ballot for the Maidstone Election committee , was deferred to Thursday . On the motion of lord Howick , it was ordered , that the Rev . M. Marlow , D. D. be desired to preach before the house on the 25th instant , the day of Public . Fast.—The following are the names of the gentlemen on the reduced list , forming the committee to try the merits of the election and return for the Borough of Maidstone . Hon . W. Maule , J. Vaughan , esq . Hon . F. Robinson , Hon . J. Cust , John Patteson , esq . John Palmer , esq . W. Loftus , esq .