fact which he mentioned , it might be presumed that in this calculation the numbers of slaves were underrated ; for he tells us that of 900 prisoners taken in one battle only 70 were free persons . Such , then being the state of the population of Africa , where the , inhabitants were totally ignorant of any other distinction than that of master and slave , how would the condition of these slaves be . ameliorated by the extinction of one branch only of the trade ? The European trade in slaves was derives from that description of individuals who were slaves in their own country , and if put an end to , not one less would exist in Africa . But this was not all ; for the proposed act only abolished the British slave-trade. , Would the French , the Dutch , the Spaniards , the Portuguese , or the Americans abandon it ? It wan not even pretended that any of the former nations had shewn the smallest disposition to relinquish the traffic , and the latter understand the own interest too well to give it up : The French knew the value of this , trade , and that their colonial , commerce , the chief support of the naval power of every Euro- 1044 pean state , depended on it . Indeed , their own experience was more ample than that of any other country . France , previous to the revolution , as she possessed the most extensive colonies , had the greatest , share of this trade . From Nantz alone , 320 ships were employed in it , and 150 from Bourdeaux ; and the French minister had lately told our negociator what co-operation we had to expect from that nation ; fairly acknowledging , that , France would be guided by a sense of her own interest , and not by any fanciful and speculative notions of what is termed benevolence and philanthropy . The fact therefore was , that this measure could not produce any reduction in the number of slaves in Africa , and that not one less would be exported from that continent ; a temporary interruption of the trade might perhaps take place , and involve the objects of it in horrors on the , coast , to which they were not during its continuance .exposed , —With respect to the carrying trade , it was under the controul of humane . regulations ; if the acts already passed were not sufficient , the legislature might and ought to adopt other measures ; but it was worthy of remark , that all the enormities which had been cited and dwelt on , referred not to the present state of the trade , but to the period antecedent to passing sir W. Dolben 's regulation act , and if any instances of atrocity had recently occurred , it was fair to presume , that the abolitionists who had access to the journals of each voyage , which were by law lodged at the different custom-houses , would not have failed to make use of them . Indeed , it could easily be shewn , that , so far from these descriptions being consistent with truth , it was no uncommon thing for a slave ship to perform a voyage without losing a negro during its continuance.—In the West Indies , this act would be received with dissatisfaction and disgust . It would endanger the existence of the colonies , and must produce their ultimate decay , if not their immediate destruction . The negroes , who had always been accustomed to look to reinforcement of strength by the purchase of Africans , as a boon to themselves and an alleviation of their labours in cultivating the plantations , would become discontented ; and , as they could not distinguish , between the nice refinements of justice , that discontent was likely to ripen into resistance to their masters , when they found that they alone were to be the ob- 1045 jests of slavery . The white population of the islands must be diminished ,