largely at the institution ; it originated in wisdom , and would be productive of good . I can by no means coincide with the opinion and conclusions of the hon . and learned gent . 1086 opposite with respect to this measure of support to the Catholic priesthood . In my mind , it should be considered on the more enlarged principles of national policy , as one of those great and desirable means of connecting that religion , and the views of its professors with the interest of the state . The influence of the Catholic priests in that country , is well known to be extensive ; unfortunately , the events of the rebellion have too strongly exemplified this ; and , under such a conviction , I ask , is it not an inestimable benefit to have the care of their education committed to the government ? I do contend , sir , that such a measure is more than a necessary one ; it is a great act of national policy , and even were it not a legacy bequeathed by the Irish parliament , I , for one , should give my vote , even at this time , for a similar establishment . felt unaffected pain in offering his sentiments upon this subject . He wished , however , to be candidly understood . He was not , he confessed , one of those men who entertained those large and liberal views on religious subjects , insisted upon with so much energy by the right hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Grattan ) ; he was not so much like a certain ruler , of whom it had upon a late occasion been so happily said , that he was an honorary member of all religions . He could not help saying , that he thought the institution in question would tend to discourage the growth of protestantism in Ireland . He must add , however , that he thought the policy of this country 's conduct towards that part of the empire had been a most illiberal and ill-judged one . This dangerous system of intolerance and persecution had been too long preserved , and could not be too speedily abated . At the same time , if protentantism was to be encouraged in Ireland , certainly the Maynooth seminary did not contribute to that most desirable effect . As a sincere friend to the Protestant religion , he was unwilling to extend an establishment which would prevent the propagation of that religion . He allowed it was not only criminal but cruel in the highest degree to oppress or restrain the Catholic religion ; but it was no oppression not to favour it to the detriment of the Protestant establishment . agreed in the principle of his hon . friend , that it was not only criminal but cruel to persecute any religious sect , but it was something very like 1087 persecution to refuse the means of education to the ministers of the catholic religion . He was sure that his hon . friend would be the last man in the world to recommend the adoption of intolerance , yet , when he proposed to withdraw the protection of the state from the catholic priesthood , he recommended something like persecution . He was , from principle and conviction , a member of the established religion , because he thought it the best and the purest on the face of the earth . He should not , however , think himself a friend to the protestant establishment by recommending any measure which could excite the envy or the hatred of the Catholics . He deprecated any attempt which might appear like an inducement to abandon the persuasion in which they had been educated . It would be foolish to endeavour to force the Catholics into the Protestant church ; but if this were impracticable , what could be done , but to assist in making them Christians ? Not only the policy , but the necessity of such a measure , had been recommended by the