scrap of paper to be found that could inform us as to the destination of those squadrons . We had nothing whatever to guide our judgment , we were left to our own enquiry , and we could only send out squadrons in pursuit of them in every direction where they were likely to have steered , or where any mischief could be done . Things remained thus till I got intelligence of the fleet , after which sir John Duckworth went in search , and the event of his 8 months gallant cruize in search of them is well known . Those fleets of the enemy did certainly reach the West Indies , and very much interrupted and injured our commere there and on the coast of Africa ; but this is in no degree imputable as any blame to the present administration . Since they came into power , not a single squadron has escaped from their own ports except one , and out of that , 4 or 5 of the frigates which composed it have been taken ; our fleets at present block them up in every port along the whole extent of the coast . The fleets which formerly escaped from these ports , have been mostly scattered and dispersed in different quarters of the globe ; some of them have been so fortunate as to reach home again , by separating , and by single ships stealing into their own ports in the night , in the same clandestine way in which they had stolen out . Some of them are now blockaded to the American ports , where our ships are waiting 73 to watch their coming out , and if they shall dare to do so , I have no doubt we shall have a good account of them . The last we heard of , had , to avoid our ships , sailed into a port , where a ship of her size had never been known to enter before ; and there is every reason to hope and believe , that the winds and sea will beat her to pieces before the winter is over.—I next come to the embarkation that the hon . gent . seems to think we ought to have prepared on our first coming into office . The expeditions that he doubtless means to suggest that we ought to have sent out , would be for the West Indies . But has he considered , that if , as soon as we had been in office , we had prepared such an expedition , it would not have arrived at the West Indies until the latter end of May , or the beginning of June ? and that , surely , is not a time for beginning military operations in the West Indies : [ lord Castlereagh said across the house , not to the West Indies . ] O , then , I suppose it is meant that we should have sent an expedition to some part of South America . They should however , suppose that the novelty of such an expedition , and the extent of the operations on that continent , would be of a nature to require at least some time to consider and prepare . Whatever success we have obtained in South America , his majesty 's ministers do not pretend to give themselves any credit for . On the 21st of Sept. they gave an order that the transports should return from the Cape empty . The first notice that the present government ever received of such an expedition , was by dispatches that they received on the 24th of June , dated from St. Helena in the month of April . At that time it was a matter of serious difficulty to know what to resolve upon . If they had sent out a strong fleet , and that fleet should find that sir Home Popham 's expedition had sailed , they would not have known what part to go to . His majesty 's ministers were not , however , negligent . They sent the Sampson man