nations was to be brought to trial before the world . '' Certainly no action , under any circumstances , could be better calculated for such a trial . If two sets of philosophers were to have undertaken to make an experiment , by doing away every thing extraneous to their process , they could not have succeeded more accurately . In the first part of the action the two armies advanced against each other with the bayonet ; an operation , though much talked of , that very seldom took place between great bodies of men . Every circumstance , even in the most minute detail that had happened previously to the shock , concurred to bring the courage and intrepidity of the two rival nations to the trial . The contest was decided , not by any superiority of corporal strength , but by the predominance of personal intrepidity . Both armies advanced firmly to the charge , until within half a yard of each other . In this moment of perilous trial , British resolution and valour held out , and the enemy shrunk back with panic from the terrible contest.—It was not improper to state here , that hardly any of our men 220 were wounded by the bayonet.—He had to apologize to the house for having trespassed so long on their attention ; but really the theme was so pleasing , that he could not refrain from dwelling upon it with peculiar satisfaction . The detail of the action exhibited merits of all sorts , equally honourable to the skill of the officers , and the firmness and valour of the soldiers . Having been led thus far by the natural pleasure one felt in speaking of so grateful a subject , he should not detain the house longer than whilst he could state some circumstances respecting the action , which were not generally known . By these circumstances it would appear , that the victory had been more decisive , and the defeat of the enemy more complete than was at first supposed . Sir John Stuart had correctly stated the amount of his own force as under 5000 men ; but he had not the means of accurately ascertaining the force of the enemy , when he wrote his dispatch . In that it had been stated at nearly 7000 , but it should have been stated at nearly 8000 men . This fact had been discovered from returns found upon the persons of some of the officers that had been killed . The next circumstance he had to mention respected the amount of the enemy 's loss . Sir J. Stuart stated the numbers of the killed at 700 ; but it had been afterwards ascertained , by observations made upon the spot , that the number of killed in the action amounted to 1300 . Fifteen hundred prisoners had been the immediate fruit of the action , and a considerable number more fell into our hands from the consequences of the action . So that thus a number , nearly equal to the whole of the British force , had been disposed of by this brilliant action . Another consequence of the exploit was , that it had set the Calabrians free from the presence of the enemy , and had totally broken up the force of general Regnier in these provinces , which amounted to 13,000 men.—It was not perhaps necessary to have dwelt so much on the advantages that resulted from this battle ; but the glory that had been acquired in it , he considered of infinitely greater importance than any immediate benefits that had been derived from the action . This it was that would carry the effect of the brilliant exploit beyond the single instance , by restoring the military renown of this country , which had been called in question . He who gave glory to his country , gave that which was far more valuable to it than 221 any acquisition whatever . Glory alone was not to be taken away by time or accidents . Ships , territories , or possessions , might