this , there was the charge of the quarter-master-general 's department ; that of the adjutant-general , the inspector-general of recruits , the army medical-board , the office of the judge-advocate-general , and the comptroller of the army accounts , making altogether 44,222l . The next increase arose from the arrangements adopted in the last session , with respect to the out-pensioners of Chelsea . The amount of this increase was considerable ; it was 114,171l . The next estimate was one in which several debates had taken place , the Volunteer corps . The gentleman would , he was sure , hear with pleasure , that under this head , there was a saving of 248,000l . but for the circumstance of its having become necessary to keep the corps , in certain parts of Ireland , on permanent duty for four months , instead of one , as had been calculated . This prolongation of permanent duty had caused a diminution of the saving to the amount of 119,000l . There was another item which produced a decrease of charge in this department , though not to the public ; he meant the transfer of the artillery of the German legion to the ordnance department . The decrease produced in the department of the secretary at war by this transfer , was 153,658l . There was one estimate of charge in the paper now before the house , which was entirely new . It was the Compassionate List , for which no actual provision had ever before been made by parliament . For several years it had rested upon an imaginary fund , savings upon the half-pay , which did not exist . It was now judged proper to state the exigency to parliament , and to require a distinct provision . It was impossible to confine the subject of this charge within a particular estimate . It was taken at 12,000l . If it should exceed that , the deficiency would be made good afterwards . The utmost that was given to any one person , was 20l a year . He would not detain the house with going further into the detail of the items , but would content himself with stating that he was ready to give the fullest information that any gentleman could require upon any point . The present estimates had been formed with the utmost attention to public economy , as would appear to every 477 gentleman on investigation . With a view to a better insight into this point , he thought it would be better to separate the consideration of the additional pay and allowances , and to compare the expences of the last and the present year , as if that addition had not in fact taken place . The total amount of the estimates of the last year , exclusive of the additional Pay , was 13,936,321l . The total amount of the estimates of this year , exclusive of the additional pay , was 13,710,951l . affording a difference in favour of this year of 225,399l . But there was a drawback to be made from this saving , in consequence of certain charges which were withdrawn from the war office , and provided for elsewhere , to the amount of 120,000l . On the whole view of the estimate , there was ground for congratulating the country on an augmentation of the number of forces , and a decrease of the expense of the establishment , of 150,000l . The additional expenses upon the whole , inclusive of the additional pay , were but 451,000l . On the full consideration of the estimates , he was of opinion the hon . gent . ( Mr. Johnstone ) who had the other night given notice of a charge against ministers , for waste of the public money , would be very much at a loss for any foundation in the military departments . In 1806 , when the present ministers had first come into office , if they had proceeded according to the system before acted upon , without any reformation , the total charge would have