the fate of St. Domingo , before they came to a decision upon this important question . It was not at present competent to England to prefer any claim to sovereignty over that island ; and whenever the time of peace should arrive , the French most probably would turn their attention towards the recovery of an island which had been lost to them by insurrection and revolt . No other nation 665 on earth could reasonably interpose their authority or their influence between two parties so circumstanced , and it was far from being improbable that that island would one day be in the hands of France . He most seriously called upon their lordships to consider what might probably be the consequence of such a re-assumption of power , by the natural enemy of this country , if at the same time we were to have abolished our only mode of supplying our islands with labourers Would they not , with an island of so great extent at their command , would they not continue to import ; and if they could not frustrate our views of abolition by smuggling , would they not at least on the first appearance of misunderstanding between them and Great Britain , foment disturbances in our islands , and endeavour to accomplish that most prevailing wish of their present ruler , by the destruction of British commerce ? —My lords , I can not find language sufficiently strong to express my abhorrence and detestation of this abominable traffic in human blood ; and I think the present question is the most momentous that ever came before your lordships : for what question can be more momentous , or come more closely home to our bosoms and our feelings of humanity , than that which concerns the welfare , the happiness , nay even the lives of myriads of our fellow creatures ? Adverting to the resolution of last parliament , now on your lordships ' table , declaring that the Slave Trade is contrary to justice , humanity , and policy , can you still allow British subjects to carry on what has been thus solemnly declared to be unjust , inhuman , and impolitic ? It has been told us from the opposite side of the house , that the mortality among the slaves has of late years decreased , and that the negroes were flourishing ; but I can tell your lordships the real cause of that decrease in mortality : It arises not from the situation of the slaves having been actually ameliorated , but from the encouragement given by some planters to the breed of free negroes , instead of purchasing slaves . They find , from experience , that the former , though , perhaps , the slower method of procuring a supply of labourers , is yet by far the most beneficial in the end to the planters , as it is also more consonant to the feelings of humanity . As to the ruin that will fall upon the merchants engaged in this traffic , if it is put a stop to , I have to observe , that there are many new 666 branches of trade that might be opened in lieu of it . I have been on board of and inspected several of the vessels employed in these inhuman voyages , and I do not think there are any ships in the world better qualified for transports for conveying troops than they are . It has been also urged against the present bill , that the passing of it would destroy one of the finest nurseries for our seamen ; but this can not be correct , for I know , from an actual examination into the subject , that only one half of the seamen employed on any one slave voyage , returned to this country , the rest generally dying on the voyage . In fact , there are two-thirds more seamen lost to this country in this manner than the boasted nursery of the African slave trade produces . It has been said against the abolition , that the