motion ; but he did not yield from any weight in his lord- 233 Ship 's arguments , for these made against his own proposition . He said , that a great mass of evidence was to be produced , and the inference was , that it ought to be produced early , on account of the length of time which the business would occupy . All the witnesses were here ; it was not necessary to . send for them to a distance , as in country cases . The parties ought to have considered before , what evidence they had to produce , and not now be coming to the house to gain time to hunt out more . But when his lordship placed the matter on the footing of a mistake of his own , he would not , out of compliment to him , or any other gentleman , move any opposition . He understood from him , that he had presented the petition earlier than the petitioners wished ; but as to the observation about the balloting , if it had come out of the glass the fifth instead of the fourth , it would only have made a difference of three or four days ; so that there was nothing in that argument But though the question was now respecting delay , he believed that the next notice of the noble lord would be , that we were to hear no more of this petition . They seemed to have employed very judicious counsel , who had , in considering the circumstances , advised them to delay it , and fix it for the very time when these counsel would be on the circuit . This would afford an excuse for further delay , which out of compliment to these judicious gentlemen , he could not of course oppose . He would take this occasion to advert to something that had fallen from a learned gentleman opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) on a former day , in his absence.— [ Hear ! hear ! from Mr . Perceval . ] He was happy to hear this challenge from the learned gentleman particularly as it was a proof that he continued in the same mind on this subject which was not his general practice . The learned gentleman had talked a great deal of his want of popularity , and had observed , with a degree of wit correspondent with its candour , that it was not till the government horses had been yoked to his car that he had been brought in . Now , though his majesty had thought him worthy to hold an office of trust and emolument , he was bold to think , whatever the learned gentleman and some few other clamorous persons might pretend to the contrary , that his claim to public support was not thereby lessened . There was a sort of report that he was about to take another office , namely , 234 the Chiltern hundreds , for the purpose of vacating his seat [ A laugh ] . He had no objection to take that office , if the learned gent . also would take it , and bring his popularity to the test by facing him on the hustings in Covent-garden [ A laugh ] . said , that instead of forcing this matter forward on a former night , he had expressly abstained from agitating it , on the ground of the absence of the right hon . gent . The noble lord ( H. Petty ) had , however , ingeniously put into his mouth the expressions now brought forward by the right hon . gent. , but he had disclaimed them . He had , however , no hesitation now , nor at any time , to answer for what he did say . The expression , the wit of which the right hon . gent . described as equal to its candour , arose from the accident of his having seen the right hon . gent . parading the streets in a sort of triumphal car , decorated with