the house . As to the motive for bringing forward the petition , he was sure the hon . gent . opposite could not impute any to the hon . member , who had presented it , that he could not fully justify . highly approved of the candid and honourable manner in 688 which the petition was brought forward . The matter to which it related was acknowledged on all sides to be of the utmost importance , involving no less considerations than those of the dearest rights of the subject , and the privileges of that house . He insisted that it would have been trifling with either to hurry on the discussion before there had been a sufficient attendance to give it adequate consideration . He repeated his sense of the candid and honourable way in which it had been submitted to the house . adverted to the state of the house , and asked whether it could be considered such an attendance as the hon . member had thought desirable ? As to the petition , he was extremely gratified that it had been produced , and gave his full assent to the motion , that it should be laid upon the table . He was confident that he should be able to shew , that the circumstances of the case had not the bearing represented in the petition , when the question should come to be discussed . He had only one word to add respecting the manner in which this proceeding had been conducted . He had always understood it to be the practice in that house , when any charge was to be brought forward against a member , that some intimation of the proceeding was communicated to the individual concerned . In this case , not a word had been expressed to him on the subject , and though rumours might have reached him respecting the allegation of the petition , it was not till he came down to the house this day , and the hon . member had proposed to present the petition , that he had any certain information upon the subject . in explanation , said , that in speaking of the necessity of a full attendance , he did not mean any allusion to the numbers then in the house . The petition was not then to undergo consideration , but now that the members in general had come up to their parliamentary duty there was a certainty of a full meeting whenever this petition was to come before the house . thought , that as the charges alledged in the petition were of the most weighty kind , so did they exact from that house the strictest scrutiny , and the most mature consideration . They went to question the honour of that house , and the freedom of the country ; for that house could not be honourable , if constituted by the undue influence of power and corruption ; 689 nor could the country itself be free if robbed of its elective franchise . Thinking then , as he did , of the importance of the petition , he could not conceal his surprise that it had not long before that period been presented to the house . When it was considered that it was the practice of that house to postpone all other kinds of considerations to the paramount one of its privileges ; when it was considered that the hon . member who presented this petition must have known the serious nature of the charges it contained ; when it was considered that every member , having charges to adduce , involving the privileges of that house , had felt dispatch to be his first duty in submitting such charges to that house , it would be difficult to reconcile a strict sense of parliamentary duty with the alledged necessity for delay . The hon . member who spoke last panegyrized the candid and honourable manner in which , there had been a plain statement of strong charges explicitly laid before the house . He for his part , should hesitate to