, that if the restoration of Hanover were the sole object , it was worth while to make war against Prussia ? The British government had continued at war with Prussia as long as the Prussian resources were unimpaired , and her strength unexhausted ; but as soon as there seemed the prospect of a war between France and Prussia , an ambassador was dispatched to Berlin , with instructions adapted to all possibilities , except that which was most probable , namely , that war had actually commenced ; for that no provision had been made , an event of which the most common information might have shewn the likelihood . As soon , however , as lord Morpeth returned , our go- 50 vernment began to perceive their error , and to think that there was really something like war between France and Prussia , —from the trifling circumstance that the Prussian army was annihilated ! They then sent a few military men to their aid , and when the Prussian monarchy shall be destroyed , they will perhaps send an army ! When the gentlemen opposite to him came into power , they exclaimed , that nothing was more shabby than the foreign diplomacy of Great Britain . It was even said , that there was not a man at a foreign court capable of writing a letter . As it was an undoubted right possessed by the good people of this country to canvass the conduct of their statesmen ; he remembered to have heard it asserted in one of these political assemblages , that all our ambassadors in future were to be Ajaxes , Ulysses , and Phœnixes . Now it so happened , that there had been only one remove . Mr. Adair had succeeded sir A. Paget at Vienna . Of course as he was single , he must be the phœnix ! But , in our diplomatic intercourse with foreign courts , we were taught to look for perfect frankness , sincerity , and openness ; freedom from trick and intrigue , and a sort of pellucid simplicity . Now , what was the first tangible proof of this simplicity ? Why , a minister at Paris negociating for peace , and another at Berlin instigating war for the same object ! Such conduct might be dextrous , it might be able—it might be any thing but frank , open , and undisguised.—As to that passage in the speech and the address , which congratulated the country , that in those councils which preceded the war between Prussia and France , his majesty had no share , he was astonished that such a topic of consolation could have entered the head of any minister . Instead of shewing that they had attempted to prevent evils , ministers called for approbation , on the ground of having abstained from any interference ! But he believed neither Berlin nor Vienna , nor even London could be thus consoled . It ought to have been our care that the difference between France and Prussia should not have been too suddenly blown into a flame , lest it should have been too suddenly extinguished . In this part of the address it was therefore impossible for him to concur : he by no means meant to imply doubt of the justice of his majesty 's quarrel with Prussia ; but if France , by a nominal and illusive transfer of Hanover to Prussia , could plant a cause of dissention between Prussia 51 and Great Britain , was not this a contrivance of the enemy which nothing but the plain and simple diplomacy adopted by our government could be blind to ? France found Great Britain and Prussia in amity ; with a tendency to coalesce . What was her object ? To divide them ; and by a pretended transfer to Prussia of the hereditary dominions of the king of Great Britain , to create a war between the two countries.—With respect to the negociation with France , this was not a time to discuss it , although some observations made by the hon .