injury , and 628 did not act so as to maintain their just and proper rights . Now the French decree recited , `` that England had ceased to observe the law of nations ; that she extended the right of conquest to the cargoes and property of individuals , and that she had monstrously abused the right of blockade , with a view to aggrandize the commerce and industry of England at the expence of other nations , between whom the communication was impeded . That as this was the object of England , all those who carried on traffic in English commodities on the continent , seconded her views , and rendered themselves her accomplices ; and that France had a right to employ the same weapons against England , that England employed against her . '' It then went on to order , that `` the consequences of the decree should be considered as fixed and fundamental laws of the empire , so long as England refused to acknowledge one and the same law , as applicable both to sea and land , and till she ceased to consider private property as good prize , and that all commerce and all correspondence with the British isles should be prohibited . '' Here then it was decreed , that till Britain renounced the right to capture private property , which was a right recognized by the law of nations , it was to be made a fundamental and fixed law of the French empire , that all commerce with the British isles should be prohibited . It was unnecessary for him to go on to prove the right of retaliation , because that was announced by the government in the order of council . But , when it became matter of doubt whether this right had been acted upon , it was not sufficient for government to say that they had acted upon it ; that was a matter to be considered and discussed by the house . But if this right was conceded , it then became a question , whether it was politic or expedient to exercise that right , and to what extent . Now , that it was expedient and politic to act upon this right , he had the authority of the order of council itself for maintaining , for it was there stated , `` that his majesty felt himself bound to take some steps to restrain this violence and turn upon the enemy the evils of which they themselves had been the authors . '' It was therefore admitted that we had the right to retaliate , and that it was expedient to act to a certain degree on that right.—This being admitted , the 629 only question that remained was , as to the extent to which it ought to be acted upon . He wished the house to attend to the data upon which he had proceeded so far . The right was admitted to retaliate to the full extent , but if we had a right to destroy the enemy 's commerce entirely , then it followed as a corollary , that we had a right to do it with some conditions . These being conceded , to what extent ought we to proceed ? In order to form a correct opinion on this point , it was necessary to consider the views which we ought to have in resorting to measures of retaliation at all . Now , there were two objects which we ought to have in view , the right and the expediency being clear . First , we ought to retaliate in the mode best suited to counteract the evil effects resulting to ourselves from the measures of our enemies ; and secondly , we ought to retaliate so as to make our enemies feel as much as possible the evil of their own injustice , as the words of the order had it . Now , if these were the principles on which we ought to have proceeded , then he might venture to say , that the portion of the enemy 's