omission of any notice of the capture of Buenos Ayres , and of the brilliant victory of Maida ; but more particularly of the latter . No man could be more sensible than he was of the valour displayed by the British troops in Calabria on that gratifying occasion ; but it must be recollected that they formed merely a detachment , a small body , not under the orders of a commander-in-chief , but of an officer who was himself commanded by a superior ; and there was no instance on record , of , any victory , however brilliant , however striking , gamed under such circumstances , having been noticed in the speech from the throne . Let gentlemen refer to the events of the last war . One of the most brilliant victories gained on the continent , and precisely in the same circumstances as those in which he had mentioned the victory of Maida was obtained , was the victory of Lincelles ; and yet it would be found that no notice was taken of this affair , or of the officers and troops engaged in it , in his majesty 's speech which immediately followed.—As to the subject of America , the learned gent . had indulged himself in an attack on the two noble lords , who were employed on the part of Great Britain in carrying on the commercial discussions with the United States . This , however , he would maintain , that if it were possible to find two persons better qualified , who possessed more general knowledge , more good sense , and more affable and conciliating manners , than any others , those noble lords were the men . But here the learned gent . only pursued the course taken by his right hon . friend yesterday ( Mr. Canning ) . He anticipated censure , in ignorance of the facts ; and at this early period , and before it was possible he could be in possession of the nature or progress of the discussions with America , the learned gent . augured an unfavourable result . He would not at present go at length into the learned gent . 's remarks on the popularity of government , as displayed at the general election ; at some future period he should be happy to join issue with the learned gent . on this point , and enquire on what side the popu- 90 lar voice had been manifested ; but he confessed that he was astonished to hear the learned gent . priding himself on the popularity of Mr. Paull , as— called to order , not conceiving it right to mention , in terms of indirect censure , the name of a petitioning candidate . said he did not know of any order prohibiting the mention of any name but that of a member of that house . was glad to find he had not transgressed the rules of order in mentioning the name of Mr. Paull , by doing which he did not mean the slightest disrespect to that gentleman . He begged to assure the gentlemen on the other side of the house , that he did not intend to hurt their feelings by stating in the most indirect manner , that there was any similarity , between their principles or their popularity ; he knew they were quite opposite . He begged pardon for having occupied the time of the house with this explanation , but seeing that the right hon . gentlemen were sore upon this . point , he thought it right to give them the full benefit of his testimony , and , to exculpate them from any such political connection . explanation , denied that he had imputed any want of information to the two noble lords who were engaged in the commercial discussions with America . What he had said was , that the manner in which the bills on that subject were introduced into parliament last session , evinced the bad principle on which the negociation with the United States was founded . As to the matter