given his notice , and it was not without surprise , therefore , that he found him now proposing further delay . said , that his only object in proposing the delay was , in order to insure a full attendance , which he deemed highly desirable upon this occasion , and which could not be looked for if the discussions were to occur while the quarter-sessions were pending . declared that he was as anxious as any man , that the discussion of the case alluded to should have as full an attendance as possible ; for without any reference to himself , he thought it involved a question of very great moment . Putting entirely out of view the consideration of holding any member of that house , or any persons whatever whose character was implicated , one moment more than was indispensably necessary in a state of suspence , he submitted to the candour and judgement of the house , whether there was not something in the course of this proceeding which justified complaint . The hon . gent . gave notice of this proceeding , in the first instance , in a way certainly very unusual , at a time when the members were very little likely to have any knowledge of it , namely , after the debate had closed on Tuesday morning , and after almost all the members had retired . Not a word of it appeared in the morning papers , in which accounts of the proceedings of that house generally appeared : and if it were not for some gentlemen who happened to perceive the insertion of this notice in the book upon the table , the thing would have been very little known indeed . repeated the grounds which induced him to postpone his motion ; adding , that he would certainly bring forward the motion upon Wednesday se'nnight . Lord Folkestone gave notice of his intention to move , on that day fortnight , for the re-printing of certain papers which had been printed last session , relative to the Oude charge exhibited against marquis Wellesley . expressed a wish to know from the noble lord , with what view he proposed to bring forward the motion of which he had given notice , and what was the nature of the measure he meant to found upon the papers to which his notice referred ? replied , that his motion would refer to the re-printing of the several papers connected with the Oude charge ; namely , numbers 3 , 4 , and 5 . With respect to any subsequent proceeding , he believed that none was likely to be taken for some time . The house was aware that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) with whom this business originated was now a petitioner , and until that petition was decided , it was not intended to ground any measure upon the papers to which this notice related . But yet , to prevent any delay hereafter , it was thought expedient that those documents should be fully before the house , in order that , if the hon . gent . already alluded to should be in a situation to prosecute this important enquiry , he might be enabled to proceed at once , unimpeded by the procrastination which the printing of papers upon this subject had so often produced in the course of the last parliament ; and in order also that if Mr. Paull should not be in a situation to follow up this business , he himself ( lord Folkestone ) , or some more competent person , might be furnished with the means of proceeding upon it . The noble lord concluded with expressing a belief that he had fully replied to the enquiry of the noble secretary of state , and expressed a readiness to afford any further information in his power upon the subject . apprehended that the reasons stated by the noble lord could not be considered a sufficient parliamentary ground for the proposition he professed to have in view . It did indeed appear to him