of the law of Scotland , with respect to landed estates , the rights to these estates became wholly a question of law , and involved no question of fact upon which a jury could decide . The only remaining point which 791 he had to touch upon , was the institution of an intermediate court of appeal . The necessity of some such arrangement was obvious , in order still further to prevent too frequent appeals to that house . It was proposed that appeals to that house should only lie against final judgments and not against interlocutory decrees . With respect to the constitution of the intermediate court of appeal , some doubt had arisen as to how far it was competent for the legislature to institute a court paramount to the court of ssesion , it having been provided by the act of union , that that court should retain all the privileges which it then possessed . It was however , also provided in that act , that it should be competent to the legislature to make such regulations as it should deem advisable for the better administration of justice in Scotland . Their lordships would likewise be aware that at the time of the act of union the court of session consisted of 14 lords , and of 4 extraordinary lords . It was however deemed advisable in the reign of George I. to add one to the 14 lords , and to take away the 4 extraordinary lords . The court of session , therefore , as at present constituted , was not the court of session as existing at the time of the act of union , but as constituted by the act of George I. and the competency of the legislature to make such alterations in the constitution of that court as it should deem necessary for the better administration of justice in Scotland was completely recognized . The mode in which this intermediate court of appeal or court of revision was proposed to be constituted was , by empowering his majesty to appoint a president of that court , and also to appoint the lord chief baron of the exchequer in Scotland a lord of session and a member of this court , and the three presidents of the three chambers into which the court of session was proposed to be divided to be also members of this court . Thus constituting a court of 5 judges , one of whom would necessarily be the president of the chamber , where the suit respecting which an appeal was brought , had been in the first instance decided upon , and at whose option it would be to attend the court of revision upon the hearing of the appeal respecting such suit , but whose presence the other judges might on many occasions deem advisable in order to give them information respecting the suit over the decision of which in the inferior court 792 he had presided . Having thus detailed to their lordships the outline of the proposed plan , he submitted it to them , trusting that it would be maturely and deliberately considered , assured that they would not impute to him the vanity , and in his situation the criminality , of being so attached to his own plan , as to reject any alteration , hoping that their lordships , in their deliberative wisdom , would on the contrary suggest such alterations as they might deem advisable , with the view of rendering this measure more perfect , more adequate to the object which was proposed to be effected , and which he was convinced their lordships would deem not only expedient and advisable , but absolutely necessary for the due administration of justice to his majesty 's liege subjects in Scotland . To carry into effect an object of this magnitude and importance , required all their lordships ' deliberative wisdom , but he was convinced that with the amendments and alterations which might be suggested , after the subject had undergone still further consideration , the proposed plan might be rendered productive of the greatest