the second reading for another week . thought there was abundance of time for a meeting of the West India Planters ; and the same counsel , if it should be thought expedient to hear counsel on the subject , might be employed in this , as in the other house . thought a meeting of the West India Merchants could easily meeting called within the time appointed by the noble lord . wthen moved , as an amendment , that the second reading be fixed for this day fortnight . wishing above all things , that no pretence should be given for cavil- 722 ling , to the enemies of the bill , he would , if the hon . gent . withdrew his amendment , fix the second reading for Friday week ; which being assented to , the motion for the second reading on Friday se'nnight , was put and carried . moved that the name of Mr. Ellison be added to the list of persons appointed yesterday as a select committee for the purpose of examining into the salaries and emoluments annexed to public offices . declared that he could not avoid resisting a motion of this nature . The committee at present consisted of 22 instead of 21 , the more usual number of members ; and , if the practice of adding names to a select committee were to be encouraged by the house acceding to the proposal of adding any name , however respectable , to a committee already so numerous , as this was , instead of select they would have almost general committees , when they were voted to be select ones , as every other member would have an equal right to propose the addition of whatever person he might think particularly , qualified to serve on the committee then spoken of . If one was to be proposed in the stead of another , however disagreeable it might be to their feelings , gentlemen must see that that would be a fair ground of discussion . supported the motion on the ground of the probability that some of the members might be absent from their duty at the committee ; and adverted to an instance where he had seen only one honourable member , ( Mr. Bathurst ) acting in a committee-room . explained to the house that he was at that time engaged in making abstracts from the statements which were in the voluminous documents before the committee . It would be perfectly useless for 14 or 15 persons to attempt to perform such a task . In this he could only suppose that he acted as an assitant to the clerk , and not that he personated the committee . reminded the heuse that the committee of finance , whose labours were esteemed to be particularly advantageous to the public , and with whom the house was most particularly well satisfied , 723 consisted of only 15 members , and yet , now that the plan was completely designed before them , when the labour must necessarily have been considerably decreased , the house was to be told that 22 persons were not equal to the task . The names had not been chosen by ballot ; they were each announced singly in an open manner to the house , and were thus the polled representatives of the whole body of the house . He appealed to the house itself , whether there was any possibility of there being a committee more impartially chosen ; they were a selection of the men most eminent for their talent and independence within those walls , and might be said to have been called from every class of men , except that class which most assuredly the hon . gent . could not think the best qualified for acting on a committee , such as that of which they were then speaking ; the class of placemen he meant . He had not , for his own part , the smallest objection to the gentleman alluded to being one of the committee ; but then his name should have been