instituting any proceeding upon a report of the committee of another parliament , had made it necessary to take up the business anew . The course he proposed to follow , therefore , was to move that the laws relating to the Woollen Manufactures be referred to a committee , and also the report of the committee of last session . Upon the report of this committee , the house would found the ulterior measure that was necessary for the interest of this important branch of our manufactures . From communications which he had had with the parties most interested , he had the satisfaction to state that they did not propose to bring forward any fresh evidence , but were prepared to rest upon the case they had made out last session . He expected , therefore , that the question would be brought to issue in the present session . But whatever pleasure he should feel in bringing it to a satisfactory termination , he was not disposed to object to hearing any further evidence , which might be thought essential . It was his wish that all the parties interested should be fully heard , if they had not felt that the case as made out before the former committee was fully sufficient.—The several laws relating 241 to the Woollen Manufactures , and the report of the committee of last session thereon , were then , on the motion of lord Temple , referred to a committee . rose for the purpose of putting one or two questions to the noble lord opposite ( lord Howick ) , on the subject of the papers then in the hands of the members of the house , with a view to obtain information upon certain points , which appeared to him to require to be further elucidated ; He wished to put the questions to the noble lord , because the answers he might receive ; might perhaps render it unnecessary for him to give any notice of a motion on the subject , and it might also happen , that the noble lord , when informed of the points to which his enquiries were directed , might not have any objection to accede to such motion as should be necessary , in order to cone at the information he required , in the most satisfactory manner . He should , therefore , state the points on which he thought information necessary , and be guided by the answers he should receive , as to the course he should ultimately adopt . The fist point upon which he wished to be informed , related to an extraordinary interpolation , which appeared in the letter from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Secretary Fox , dated April 1 , as published by the French government , when compared with the letter of the same date in the official papers on the table ( p . 95 . ) He wished to know whether there had been a passage similar to that extraordinary interpolation in any letter received by Mr. Fox from M. Talleyrand , and also whether any answer had been returned by Mr. Fox to that letter . The next object of the information he desired was the letter No . 3 , from M. Talleyrand , dated March 5 , as it appeared in the papers before the house . This was evidently an extract from the letter received by Mr. Fox , and it struck him that it would be extremely desirable , previous to the discussion of the papers , that the house should be in possession of the whole of this document . Of this he was so convinced , that if the noble lord should not be prepared to produce the document to the house , he should feel it his duty to make a specific motion upon the subject , reserving his reasons until he should come to make the motion . This letter , he was aware , was a private one ; but as it had been made the channel of communication upon the relations of the two countries , 242 it was