unless Russia was admitted as a party to the negociation . France , as she had an undoubted right to do , refused to consent to that proposition . It is unnecessary to dwell upon the vague but ingenious reasoning with which the French minister attempted to shake the purpose of Mr. Fox , whose jealousy became justly alarmed by the perseverance of M. Talleyrand ; lest France should entertain the idea so derogatory to the dignity and the right of Great Britian , of excluding her from all interference in continental affairs . An explanation , however , was produced on that head , perfectly satisfactory , by a declaration that the French emperor wished to erect it into a principle , `` that each country should have an interest and interference in all that concerns the continent of Europe . '' [ No . 10 , p. 105 ] Still the point of joint or separate negociation was not adjusted , and the correspondence had ceased from the 26th of April to the 2d of June , when it was resumed by M. Talleyrand in his letter of that date . In answer to which , Mr. Fox stated that the difference between France and England as to the mode of negociating was a difference of form rather than substance . But , sir , it must be acknowledged , had joint negociation been conceded by France , that Mr. Fox would have advised its being commenced the next hour . [ No.7 , p . 97 . ] Sir , I would refer to the Papers before the house , for the truth of the statement with which I have troubled you , and I would then ask of my noble friend , whether up to the moment to which I have brought the transaction , there was any other sine quá non than that of joint negociation ? The unhappy term of uti possidetis had neither been introduced nor thought of and most unlucky in my estimation it has been that it was ever used , for it has proved the bane of the negociation.—Sir , I must here repeat , that if a letter had come from the French minister conceding the admission of Russia to the treaty , the negociation would have gone on , and might upon a free discussion of terms in the hands of Mr. Fox ( had it pleased God to spare his invaluable life ) have been brought to a happy issue.—A new æra commenced 344 by the arrival of lord Yarmouth from Paris with a verbal communication from M. Talleyrand to Mr. Fox . The substance of that communication is given in the written note of the 13th of June , [ No . 12 , p . 109 . ] and unquestionably if we had received no information but from the contents of that note , I must have been compelled to say the basis of uti possidetis was not proposed by the French government at all . Fortunately however , sir , for himself , and for the satisfaction of the house , my lord Yarmouth is present at our deliberations , and has upon this and a former occasion thrown great light upon the subject , and much assisted us in forming a judgment upon the case . Sir , my lord Yarmouth has told us that M. Talleyrand proposed the basis of uti possidetis in those express terms , and at the same time gave full assurance of the disposition of France to make specific concessions to England of the highest national importance.—Hanover was to be restored unequivocally and without compensation . Mr. Fox instantly adopted the proposition to treat upon this basis . The difficulty with regard to Russia having been removed by the arrival of her plenipotentiary at Paris , and it being understood that the two countries , although treating separately would not sign treaties separate from each other or be parties to any arrangement in which the honour of each country , as well as her interests , was not guarded by the stipulations of the other.—My lord Yarmouth returned