. for the salaries and other expences of certain offices con–nected with both houses of parliament , 39,760l . to defray the expence of certain improvements that have been made , am are still to be made in the buildings of both houses of parliament ; 11,800l , to make good the vote of last session for defraying the expence of certain additions to the houses of parliament , and also to that of the speaker ; 4,993l . for paying the expence of military roads in North Britain.—The several motions were agreed to , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be brought up on Monday . brought up the report of the Army Esti–mates . Upon the first resolution being read , rose . He said , that considering the lateness of the hour , he should confine himself to a very few ob–servations . As to the new military sys–tem being productive of an immediate sup–ply for the army , it was now proved that it had not had that effect ; and although the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) might not have been very sanguine as to the num–ber that it might raise , yet it must be sup–posed that the advocates of the system did expect that it would at least produce some increase ; whereas , on the contrary , it appeared by the estimates that it had occa–sioned a diminution . In order to make room for this system , which had only produced 5000 men in a year , we had repealed a former system which had produced 15,000 . However his majesty 's ministers might hope that this measure would ultimately be beneficial , he must ask them , did not they consider that some supply was neces–sary for the army in the present year , and whether any of their measures had a ten–dency to procure that supply ? The hon . secretary at war had contented himself with saying , no bad effects have been yet felt from this measure ; he thought , howe–ver , that he should have gone a little far–ther , and shewed that some good effects had been produced by it . As to the train–ing bill , it was a measure he extremely wished to be carried into effect . If ever there was a moment in which the measure was necessary , it was no less necessary at the present moment . The danger was not to be despised because it was somewhat distant ; but , on the contrary , we should take that opportunity of being fully prepa–red to meet it when it should come . If the bill ever was a good one , it ought now to be carried into effect ; but if , in the opi–nion of parliament , it was a bad bill , it ought to be repealed . As to the volun–teers , although it had been said by a noble lord that they were as numerous now as at any former time , yet it was notorious that there was by no means the same attend–ance at drills and musters that there was formerly , and that consequently the force could not be so effective . rose and addressed the house as follows.—Sir ; I admit that it would be much more convenient to agree to the adjournment proposed by the hon . member ( Mr. Rose ) , though it certainly does not come with the best grace from 537 this side of the house [ the general spoke from the opposition bench ] , for , in their long calculations , they forgot to calculate time . ( A laugh . ) Before I observe upon what has fallen in the course of this discussion , I wish , sir , to account for my addressing you from this side of the house , differing so materially as I do upon this subject from the gentlemen who usually sit here . I have not , in truth , come into their camp to spy the nakedness of the land ; but speak from