natives of Africa would murder the prisoners they brought down to the coast with the view of exposing them to sale , but I do not think that one single life would be lost in this manner.—His highness concluded with repeating his abhorrence of the trade , and gave his warmest support to the bill . opposed the bill , and recommended to their lordships to pause , and to consider whether the abolition of the trade would not be attended with worse consequences in the view of humanity , than its continuation . said , that in the British West-India islands the life of the slave was protected by the law as well as that of any other inhabitant . The house had been told that they should prevent the continuance of oppression and cruelty ; but the question was not as to how far we ought to exert ourselves to put an end to practices of that nature , but how far any thing that was in our power was capable of effecting that purpose . Portugal , for instance , had no other means of working her mines than by the employment of slaves ; could we suppose that she would give it up ? indeed nothing had been said about her . Of France there had been something like a whisper that she would relinquish the trade , and it was then inferred that Spain would follow her example . America had promised , but had not yet given up the traffic ; and who could answer for Carolina , that it would agree to the resolutions of the other states on that head ? If we abandoned this trade , it was certain that some others would take it up , who might not act with so much humanity as the British traders ; and with it we should abandon the employ- 667 ment of one million capital , about 6 or 700 ships , and from 16 to 20,000 seamen . This , he maintained , would occasion the loss of nearly one-third of the amount of British imports and exports . He had a stronger objection yet to make against the adoption of this measure , namely , that if such a system were acted upon , no property could be reckoned safe which could fall within the power of the legislature ; upon such a principle as this the tithes of the clergy , and the very freehold estates of the landholders might be sacrificed to field-preaching and popular declamation . His conduct , however , should never receive the smallest degree of influence from such powers as those , and though he should see the presbyterian and the prelate , the methodist and field-preacher , the jacobin and the murderer unite in support of it , in that house he would raise his voice against it . could not reconcile to his mind the distinctions made by the noble earl who had just sat down . If he was right in his conception of what had fallen from that noble lord relative to the dispensations of Providence , it went the length of asserting , that no cognizance should be taken of any moral offence , however aggravated or injurious to society . If human duties were thus estimated , and vicious deeds only considered by that criterion , rapine and outrage would be constantly at work , and jurisprudence be rendered incapable of repressing the commission of crimes , by merited punishments . There was also another observation made by that noble earl , with which it was impossible to coincide , unless evidence was produced at the bar , that the climate of the West Indies was unfavourable to the propagation of the human species . In countries where the means of human subsistence were proportionate to the number of inhabitants , the increase of population had always been found progressive . This principle had been acknowledged by all writers on the subject , and had been unanswerably explained in the able work of Mr. Malthus upon population . The noble lord proceeded to discuss the causes which were