. With regard to his hon . friend 's question , are we to be shut out from all prospect of peace ? he could only answer by saying , that , unless a change took place in the temper and character of the French government , peace must , in his view of the subject , be considered as very distant . The chief of that government , it appeared , had lately stated that he would not conduct the present war as he had done those in which he was before engaged . He had declared that he would not leave the shores of the Baltic , nor evacuate any of the countries of which he might take possession , unless this country gave up her maritime conquests . This was what England never could submit to . She must resist a pretension to which it would be dishonourable to yield , or the enemy must abandon it . There was here no choice , the honour of the country must at all hazards be maintained and vindicated , or we must sink under the attack meditated against us . This was a melancholy prospect for humanity , but it was one which rose out of the unfortunate state of the continent , and it seriously called for the pledge of supporting his majesty in the vigorous prosecution of the war , which was contained in the address he had moved . said , that with respect to the word `` attached , '' he had taken it from the Correspondence : if the noble lord would refer to No . I. of the Papers , ( see p . 93 . ) he would there find that Mr. Fox , in addressing M. Talleyrand , had subscribed himself `` with the most perfect attachment . '' — The address was then put and carried , and the house adjourned at five o'clock on Tuesday morning . The deputy usher of the black rod required the attendance of the house at the bar of the house of peers , where the royal assent was given by commission to the Controverted Elections Trial bill.—The speaker informed the house , that he had received a letter from Mr. Bouchier , deputy clerk of the crown in Ireland , stating , that he had received petitions complaining of undue elections in Dublin , Newry , and Mayo county.—It was ordered , that these petitions be taken into consideration the same days as the 418 other election petitions from these respective places . The order of the day for resuming the adjourned debate on the question of granting a further day for the hearing of the Thetford Election Petition , being read , and said , that he was the more confident in soliciting , on behalf of the petitioner , a more distant day than had been already fixed upon , when he considered that it was an indulgence generally granted by that house , and which the sitting member was seldom unwilling to accede to . From what had fallen from an hon . member ( Mr. Mingay ) in the beginning of this discussion , he believed that that gentleman was under a mistake in supposing that there was but one unqualified voter only objected to among those of the corporation who composed that gentleman 's majority ; but he was instructed to state that there were three , four , or more persons admitted to vote for the sitting member who were not electors , whose pretence to the right of suffrage was founded upon an illegal claim ; and though an undisputed possession of franchise for a limited time made that right of suffrage valid , yet that time not being yet expired , the objections had been made within the period prescribed by law , and of course , no argument in favour of those votes could be drawn from the fact of possession . The sitting member had said , that the court of king 's bench , if applied to for a quo warranto , would not hear such application . The hon .