, and of appointing in the mean time a committee to consider of the propriety of the revision , or repeal of the whole act . from the letters which he had received from different parts of the country , could state , that the measure before the house , was one which had excited a considerable and lively sensation in the country . He agreed in the suggestion that had been so ably urged by the hon . gent. , for the appointment of a committee to consider of the act , before which all the parties interested might be fully heard . wished to say a few words just to acquit himself of the charge of precipitation in bringing forward this measure . The clause of the act which it was designed to repeal , had lain dormant , and had never been acted upon , till , in the course of last sessions , prosecutions had been instituted for the receiving of penalties incurred under it . He had thought it necessary in that instance to bring forward a bill to suspend these prosecutions , and had then given notice of his intention to produce the present measure to the house early in this session . But , whatever his feeling of the necessity of the measure might be , he was alive to the paramount necessity of procuring every possible help to enable the house to judge upon the question , and was therefore ready , with the permission of the house , to put off the second reading of the bill to this day fortnight , under an understanding , that if the committee should not report in the intermediate time , the second reading should then be deferred to a more distant day . thought that the committee could not report in a fortnight , nor , possibly , in two months . He was of opinion , that the repeal ought to extend to a great part of the act of James , though not to the whole of its provisions . thought it would be a great hardship to tanners , if this clause were to be repealed , whilst the penalties under the other provisions of the act were to be continued . As the suspension act of last session was to be in force only till 40 days after the commencement of the present session , he submitted to his noble friend whether it would not be better that the bill should go into a committee in order to prevent the renewal of the prosecutions on the expiration of the suspension bill . highly approved of the proposal of the noble lord to put off the second reading of the bill , only from time to time , and not for any long period at once . He 551 was of opinion , that the committee might report in a short space of time . observed , that the measure had excited great interest in the country , and the manner in which his noble friend had conducted himself with respect to it , would prove satisfactory to the country . He thought that the committee would be able to report in a short time , because the whole of the clauses of the old act were inapplicable to the present time ; and trusted that the second reading would not be deferred for any considerable time . was happy to find that the particular clause in the act of James was to be repealed . When the present bill had been brought forward , it bad excited great alarm amongst the tanners of Dublin , who had done him the honour to send a deputation to him on the subject . If this particular clause were not to be repealed , it would be necessary to have some Irish tanners examined before the committee , which would require time.—The second reading of the bill was put off to Monday se'n night . in submitting the motion of which he had given notice to the house , begged to state the reasons upon which he founded that motion . Certain