that the British tars are with us to a man : this I can not but look upon as a favourable omen to our cause ; and since those gallant fellows have protected and saved their country in the hour of its greatest danger , and fixed the British name beyond all competition in the brilliant track of glory , they may , in a like extremity ( as I consider it ) , save from ruin the West-India colonies . In this sense it may indeed be said that the West-India interest has influenced the question ; but of such influence I feel proud—it is not the influence of intrigue or of party.—Sir , I will now meet the question fairly , and look to the application of these great principles of justice and humanity . Is it pretended , that the mere possession , or use , or transfer of a slave in Africa , is un–just or inhuman ? Is it unjust ? By all the 982 laws and customs of Africa , existing from the remotest antiquity , it is authorized ; and the abstract rights of man can not be profitably applied to societies existing un–der established laws . What is consistent with those laws , must be accounted just . Is the same thing in Africa inhuman ? surely not . We have abundance of evi–dence to prove , that during famines , which are frequent in Africa , multitudes of the natives fly to slavery as a refuge , and with–out it must inevitably perish : and suppose them , at such times , transferred from a poorer to a richer master—is that inhu–man ? I could not but shew an expression of dissent to-night , when an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fawkes ) so positively told us that slavery , and the sale of slaves , were for–bidden by the Divine law . Sir , I did not look for this part of the discussion ; but as it has been brought forward , I must say , that in the sacred books I can find no such authority . In the Old Testament , the slave trade , or the sale of men , is spoken of indifferently just as other trades . The New Testament inculcates justice and humanity in every station ; but it is remark–able that it interferes with no political re–lations whatsoever , whether high or low ; inculcating only those duties which tend in every condition of life to make men happier and better . If we look narrowly there for any thing that refers to slavery , I need not tell the hon . gentlemen who hear me , that the Greek word , which in our version is every where translated servant , does really mean slave : and since the subject has been started , I shall mention , that in the Epistle of Paul to Philemon , Paul sends back Onesimus ( whose very name bespeaks his station ) , who was Philemon 's slave , and had run away from his master—he sends him back , I say , to resume his station without one word expressive of his dis–approbation of slavery , or in vindication of Onesimus , who had fled from it . The hon . gent . cited that admirable rule , `` Do unto others as ye would that they should do un–to you , '' as decisive on this question ; but how does the hon . gent . read that divine rule as applied to this matter ? Does he maintain , that because being a British labourer , I should be glad that my master would pay me wages for doing nothing , that therefore I , being a master , ought so to treat my labourer ? As applied to slave and master , I understand that rule to inculcate no more than this ; that a slave may reason–ably expect from his master protection and 983 kindness , in return for diligence and fidelity ; and a kind and careful master has the same right to expect fidelity and diligence