American vessels , in the first instance , against entering French ports ; but not to capture them , unless they should be found contumaciously bent on entering the ports of France . What had been said , therefore , did not appear to them to be any ground why his hon . and learned friend should desist from prosecuting his motion , because it would be obvious , that what was lost to this country by its forbearance , would be gained by France . 643 It was also desirable , that the house should have a more definite statement of that unexplained period that was to elapse between the present measure , and the more vigorous measures that were to be adopted by government . Notwithstanding the vast superiority of our navy , uncontested and incontestable , France had a surprising facility of importing the produce of her own , and the Spanish colonies , to as great an extent as during peace . Unless some measures of more vigorous retaliation should be adopted , she would hereafter have a larger share of this trade than heretofore , because she would not only supply herself with colonial produce , but absolutely have a monopoly of all the continental markets , against the colonial produce of this country . It was impossible for him , with the documents he had , to state to what extent this would take place , but certainly France would be put in a better situation than this country ; and the house would be able to judge of this question , when aware , that the object of the French government , as stated in her decree , was to annihilate the trade and commerce of this country . It might assist in forming his judgment , to look at the amount of colonial produce imported into , and exported from America in the last year . The gross amount of its imports was of the value of 75 millions of dollars , of which 28 millions of dollars value had been re-exported to Europe , the greater part of France , by fictitious changes of ownership . However , it was contrived ; the amount of the export he took from an official American document , and the produce reached the ports of France , wherein a revenue was collected upon it , that enabled France to carry on the war against this country ; and all this from our forbearance , relative to neutrals . If they were to look only to the question of insurance , they could find that a cargo from a French colony to a port of the mother-country , without some protection of convoy , can be insured on the same terms as a vessel from Jamaica to Great Britain , whose squadrons cover the ocean . By these means the revenue of France was fed as effectually as in time of peace , and the French government enabled to carry on the war with so much facility and effect . But the learned gent . opposite had said , that we had no right to interfere until we should have ascertained whether America would submit to the aggression of France . Did the hon . gent . mean to say , that , until the American 644 merchant should be afraid to risk his cargo , which he might cover by insurance , lest before its arrival at its destination , it should be captured , we should defer taking the vigorous measures , which the measures of the enemy had rendered necessary ? That this country was to wait till it should know what might be the representations of the American government , by the conduct which that government had adopted during the last war , when it was every way in a better condition to resist the injustice of the enemy ? But if they were to wait till the American government should insist upon those principles , by which the law of nations is upheld , they might wait till doomsday , as , whatever might be their feelings , the commercial