. 's management , at the rate of the month of December last , which was the highest in point of number , and , including a regiment of 658 men , which ought not to be taken into the account , as they were raised under the operation of the measures of a former administration , it would be found not to exceed 11,800 men . The numbers raised in 1805 by the ordinary recruiting ( when the Additional Defence act was operating against it ) was 11,677 : so that , excluding the regiment which he had mentioned , the ordinary recruiting at present was less productive than in 1805 , notwithstanding all the embarrassments to which it had then been subject . It did not appear therefore , that one man more had enlisted from the temptation of the right hon . gent . 's system , and he could not but be convinced that what the country had paid to make this unsuccessful attempt , was but the earnest of future more extravagant and more hopeless disbursements . In the year 1805 , the actual number of men that was obtained for the army by the ordinary recruiting , was 11,677 ; by the Additional Defence bill , 8,388 ; by the enlistments from the British militia , 8963 ; by the enlistments from the Irish militia , 4617 ; making a gross increase of above 487 33,000 men , exclusive of above 9,000 obtained by foreign levies.—After deducting the casualties , the net increase might be estimated , in that single year , at above 21,000 men ; while the whole amount under the right hon . gent . 's system , with all his wonderful vigour and exertion , and calculated in the most favourable manner , did not exceed between 13 and 14 thousand ! After he had thus shewn that the experiment had fundamentally failed , he wished that the comparison of expence between the right hon . gent . 's system and those which preceded it , would afford consolation : but the reverse was the case . At the outset of the business , the right hon . gent . stated , that he conceived , out of the new experiment , an expence of 450,000l . would immediately arise . He ( lord Castlereagh ) had calculated it at 493,000l . When the estimates were printed , it would be found to be more . This was the first visible effect of an experiment which had not produced a single additional man to the army ! But this was not the only new expence originating in this measure . Two-thirds of the increase of expence in the navy estimates might justly be attributed to it ; for there could be no doubt that it was the right hon . gent . 's military plan which prompted the noble lord at the head of the admiralty , during the last session of parliament , to propose an augmentation in the pay of the petty officers in his majesty 's navy ; an augmentation which , he allowed , became necessary , in consequence of that plan , but which certainly increased the annual expenditure of the country , during the war , on this point alone , to between 7 and 800,000l . The right hon . gent . would perhaps say , that the house ought not to pronounce maturely on an experiment of this nature . He would be the last man to urge the hasty abandonment of a military measure , if any hope remained of its success ; if any argument could be adduced in its favour , or if the situation of the country was such as to render it eligible to devote an additional period to its trial . He ( lord Castlereagh ) had twice pressed the house to continue a military measure which they were called upon by the gentleman opposite to repeal : but this he did on very different grounds from those on which the present system rested . In March 1805 , when the repeal of the Additional Defence