whom it had been written . Had he deserved the blame that was imputed to him , not only should he have deserved the censure of that house , but also the forfeiture of his employment . As to the libel against him , alluded to by the noble lord , it was not matter grave enough to be brought before that house : but it had got into a newspaper , and he had laid his hand upon the printer , and called upon him to make good his charge . He did not institute a criminal prosecution against the man : such was not his object ; for his only wish was to clear his own character . Under that impression , he brought his civil action , and obtained a verdict and damages . This libel had lately been republished , and there was room to believe , under the direction of a distant relation of the noble lord opposite to him ( lord Temple ) . He could see no ground of charge against him in it now ; for if there was , he had given a fair opportunity to prove it , and the proof had failed . His motives for countenancing the present petition were very different from those imputed to him : it was not to support his popularity , or to wound the feelings of the hon . gent . against whom it was directed ; no man could entertain more sincere regard for that hon . gent . than he did . But there were several facts that called for censure , and which might be proved if the house acceded to the present motion.—He should now chiefly refer to the conduct of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Calcraft ) in the town which he had the honour to represent , to which that hon . gent . came and used entreaties and threats , to influence the election of the municipal officers of that town ; when afterwards parliament was dissolved , letters were brought down by the same gentleman , under the hand and seal of the secretary of the treasury , to instigate the custom house officers , who were disabled by law from taking any part in such matters , to exert themselves in support of the friends of government . In another instance , a military man had received the same instructions ; and the burgesses were hunted from one end of the town to the other , when , after all , not more than one vote could possibly be obtained . He certainly , at more than one public meeting , had inveighed against such practices of government ; and he was now ready to declare , that he never knew of any such practised by any administration in this country . For his part , he never had recourse to such means , either 786 to support himself or his near relation in another town . There were about 700 votes in Southampton ; and out of that number he did not think that his son got more than two from the recollection of any kindness conferred upon the freemen by him or his connection . Indeed , some who had promised him their votes , were deterred from keeping their promise ; for they were afraid that if they did , they might expect to lose their situations . Such was the system of terror acted on by ministers , of which he should adduce a variety of proofs , if the committee moved for was appointed . The right hon . gent . related an anecdote of one gentleman who promised him , and afterwards broke his word , alledging that he dared not vote otherwise . Mr. Garrett , the brewer , at Portsmouth , had , it was true , done great services in favour of the unsuccessful candidate , but he lost the supply of the Dock three days afterwards . He declared that he never had an action brought against him but by Smith , and he certainly should have acted the part of