capable of producing . The bill was brought in , read a first and second time , committed , reported , and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—The house resolved into a Committee of Supply , lord H. Petty in the chair , and the order , usual at the commencement of a session , that a Supply be granted to his majesty , was moved by Mr. Vansittart , and agreed to.—Mr . C. Wynne gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill to continue and amend the Thames Police act.—The hon . gent . also called the attention of the house to an order made in the year 1805 , that a return should be made of the Lunatics and Insane Persons in custody throughout Great Britain , in consequence of which order many returns had been made . But these and other similar returns could not , he understood , be laid before the house , unless the order referred to should be renewed . He therefore moved , that this order should be renewed . Ordered accordingly.—Mr . Biddulph gave notice that as the chairman of the committee of Ways and Means 226 had no functions out of that house , and as the present was a period in which it was necessary to make every possible retrenchment , he should to-morrow move a resolution , that no salary should in future attach to that office.—Petitions were presented , complaining of undue returns for Weymouth and Thetford . The former was ordered to be taken into consideration on the 22d , and the latter on the 27th of January . observed , that in consequence of a return for the county of Galway , or rather something described as a return for that county , he felt it his duty to bring the subject before the house . The sheriff of Galway had thought proper to return , in compliance with the exigency of the writ , merely that the election was not concluded , and that he should keep it open until all the electors in the county should be polled . This mode of proceeding , the noble lord conceived the house must feel to be as highly irregular as the return to be unsatisfactory , and of course it required investigation . He therefore moved , that the deputy clerk of the crown should appear at the bar to-morrow , with the last return for the county of Galway , and when this return should be laid on the table , the noble lord stated it to be his intention to move on an early day , that the subject should be taken into farther consideration , and that the sheriff of Galway should be called to the bar . took occasion to observe , that there was no law in Ireland , as in this country , to limit the continuance of elections in any other respect than that prescribed by the exigency of the writ , and that the case alluded to by the noble lord , was not without precedent in that country . He remembered an instance where a returning officer had made a special return of the same nature ; and possibly the sheriff of Galway might have acted upon the same precedent . Upon this point however , he could not venture to speak with precision , as he was wholly unacquainted with the circumstances of the Galway election ; but he thought it necessary , for the information of the noble lord and for the animadversion of the house , to state the precedent to which he had alluded . said , he was aware of the fact stated by the right hon . gent. , that the law for limiting the duration of Elections in this country did not exist in Ireland , and suggested for the consideration of the 227 house , whether it would not be proper to extend the law upon this subject to that part of the united kingdom . With regard to the precedent alluded to by the right hon .