laid before the house accounts of all pensions , granted by the crown in Great Britain from the 1st of April , 1805 , to the 17th of Jan. 1807 ; also accounts of all new offices created , and all salaries increased by fees or otherwise , in Great Britain , in the same period . Similar accounts were ordered for Ireland.—Mr . White presented at the bar the following list of members appointed to try the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election for the borough of Thetford : P. Grenfell , C. O'Hara , R. Ferguson , hon . W. H. Lyttleton , sir R. Williams , G. Anson , J. Hewitt , G. Hibbert lord Primrose , John Fane , A. Shakespeare hon . C. L. Dundas , lord Headley ; nominees . S. Whitbread , R. Fellowes.—On the motion of Mr. Herbert , a committee was appointed to enquire into the provisions of the act of James 1. relating to the tanning trade , and to report their opinions upon them to the house . The petitions on this subject were referred to the said committee . of Scotland moved the second 558 reading of the bill , for suspending , for a time to be limited , the powers granted to the lords of council and session in Scotland by an act of the parliament of Scotland , made in the 4th session of the first parliament of queen Anne , intituled , `` Act anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds , '' so far as relates to the granting augmentations of the stipends of the clergy in Scotland in certain cases . expressed his approbation of the present bill . The frequency of the augmentations of stipends for these many years past rendered such a measure highly necessary ; but more particularly so at present , because since the intimation was lately given in the other house of parliament of a change being in contemplation in the courts of Justice in Scotland , a race had been run by the clergy of that country for augmentations of their stipends . In the parish in which he had some connection , the clergyman had applied for a new augmentation within a few months after having received a very large addition to his former stipend . observed , that if this was the true state of the case , it formed an argument not only for this bill to suspend the powers of the court of session , but also for the proposed regulations ; for if that court exercised its power of granting augmentations blindly and without consideration , it was a good reason why it should be deprived of it . And if the clergy shewed such improper greediness , certainly they ought to be restrained . He was sorry , however , to hear this character of them , for he had before understood that the clergy of Scotland were a most respectable body of men , against whom there was less ground of reproach than almost any other class whatever . The house was not in a situation , however , to decide upon these points , and therefore this could not be any argument in favour of the bill at present . But , in addition to this , it would be hard to stop suits already commenced , and therefore if there were a great many suits of this sort pending , this was rather an argument for not suspending the powers of the court of session . denied his having expressed any distrust of the court of session , or having said any thing disrespectful to the clergy of Scotland . What he said was , that some repose was desirable for the clergy , and he was not singular in this opinion , for the present president of the 559 court of session had , when lord advocate , introduced a bill for discontinuing these suits for augmentation for 40 years . said , that he understood this bill to be brought in , not in the spirit of hostility to the court