chance to be lost before the bill should be so passed , the underwriters would not be responsible . The bill had been brought in with the consent of the company ; for when it was first discovered that the voyages to South America were illegal , his majesty 's ministers had thought it their duty to bring in a bill in order to render them legal . In December last , a draft of the bill was sent to the directors of the South Sea company for their opinion , and in January a committee of the directors attended the privy council , when a discussion of the principle of the bill took place . Several alterations suggested by the directors were agreed to by the privy council , and the directors then signified their approbation of the bill , of which the bill then before the house was a copy , word for word , with the exception of those changes of expression which the recapture of Buenos Ayres required , If any claim could hereafter be made out for compensation , the justice of the house would induce them to listen to such claim with the attention which its merits demanded.—On the other hand , it was maintained by Mr , Cripps , sir T. Turton , and Mr. H. Thornton , that the petitioners ought to be heard by counsel , and that the petition could not throw any obstacle in the way of the plans of government , or the commerce of the country . The directors of the South Sea company had a great duty to fulfil . They were the guardians of the property of the holders of their stock to the amount of above 26,000,000l . The statement made on a late evening , that for 65 years the company had allowed their right to lie dormant , was untrue for during the whole of that period they had been in the habit of granting licences , although it was allowed that those licences were not of much value . The right which their charter conferred upon them was valuable and transferable , and were it offered to the ports of London or Liverpool , might doubtless be exchanged for a large consideration . During the last week the directors had received numerous letters from proprietors , in different parts of the country , urging them , should Buenos Ayres again fall into the hands of the English , to avail themselves of their privileges . With regard to remuneration for the loss of these privileges , a very moderate one Was desired , 997 The duty on goods exported to and imported from Buenos Ayres was 12½ per cent . This duty might easily bear the addition or an eight per cent . which would afford the small remuneration required.—The motion for hearing counsel was then negatived Without a division . The blanks in the bill were filled up , and the report was ordered to be received on Thursday . This day a ballot took place for a committee to try and determine the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election for Malmsbury , and the following members were chosen : R. Fer–guson , lord Mahon , James Dawkins , T. P. Symmonds , W. Wingfield , M. P. An–drews , S. Soddington , R. Morris , H. Swann , W. Jacob , viscount Newark , J. Buller , T. Stanley ; nominees , viscount Marsham , H. Joddrell , esq.—Sir E.Knatchbull stated , that some circumstances had occurred which had induced him to abandon the notice he had given for that day , relative to the conduct of a certain witness before the Sand–wich road committee . The hon . baronet took occasion to disclaim any other mo–tive in the proceeding than that of a desire to maintain the diguity and character of that house . At the same time that he made this statement , he could not suppose that any member would be inclined to suspect him of being actuated by any other view . called the particular attention of the house to a petition