. He thought he might venture , without fear of contradiction , to attribute it to the wise and vigorous system of finance , established by that immortal statesman ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose loss was so deeply deplored , whose virtues were indelibly engraven on the hearts of his countrymen , and whose splendid talents would be the admiration of posterity . But he was far from wishing to withhold his tribute of applause from those who had sueceeded him , and who had manfully and vigorously upheld and supported his system of finance . With regard to the state of our commerce , it must be expected that partial inconveniencies would be suffered , at a moment when the whole power and force of the enemy were directed against it : 44 but we had his majesty 's assurance that the main sources of our prosperity were unimpaired , and he might venture to say , would long continue so , notwithstanding the present blockade of the British isles . A blockade by a country who had hardly dared to trust a ship out of the protection of their batteries , against a country which commanded the seas , and could , if it thought fit , intercept the commerce of the whole world . The arrogance of this threat of blockade could only be equalled by its absurdity . The consequence of the declaration only had been well described , by a person , whom it might hardly be decorous to name in that house , by the vassal king of Holland . He , in his address to his unfortunate subjects , himself told them that the prohibition of the trade of neutrals would give a death-blow to the already-expiring commerce of Holland.—With regard to the general situation of the country , there could be no doubt but that the spirit and vigour of the people were fully equal to any situation in which they could be placed ; and he had observed with admiration , the firmness and fortitude with which they had supported all the expences of the war , and all the pressures of the times ; and that ardour and promptitude which they had uniformly manifested in defence of their country and constitution . declared that he never rose with more lively sensations of anxiety than on the present occasion , both because he felt the unparalleled importance of the crisis , and the duty which bound him , in common with every member of the house , and every subject of the realm , to state his real opinion of the situation of our affairs , and of the best means which remained for their extrication from the peril in which they were involved . But in doing this , the greatest difficulty was to avoid that which , above all other things , he was most solicitous to avoid ; namely , to appear to damp the spirits of the country at a period when it was so necessary that firmness and confidence should prevail . He begged , therefore , that the house would be candid enough to believe him , when he declared , that he entertained a perfect and sincere confidence—a confidence founded not on rashness , but on the most mature reflection—a confidence founded on the experience of the past , on the review of the present , and on the anticipation of the future—that there existed in this country resources amply sufficient to meet and 45 brave all the difficult struggles , and to avert all the impending dangers with which we could possibly be threatened . He trusted , that all which it might be necessary for him to say in the course of the observations which he should take the liberty of submitting to the house , might be considered with a reference to this declaration . But , with whatever confidence he felt himself justified in looking to the resources of the country , he also felt how incumbent it was on him and on the house to look seriously to the situation of the country , to examine , to