not asserted that the petition had the sanction of a county meeting expressed his surprise at the speech of the hon . secretary of the treasury , and had never heard sentiments avowed in parliament so directly in the teeth of the resolution of the house . He said that he had property in the county , arid he believed that the fact was so , but his situation in the treasury would be more attended to by barrack masters and others , over whom the treasury might be supposed to have some influence . The hon . secretary had said , that this was not the petition of the county . Certainly not . It had never been presented as such . But it was not his business to say how the voters , who wished to petition , were to assemble . He ( Mr . B . ) was not in the habit of attending clubs , and knew nothing about their mode of proceeding . But the hon . secretary 's friends on the bench near him , might give him any information on that head he might require . As to the right of government to interfere in elections , the hon . secretary had said , that no threat , no improper influence , could have been used by the government without his knowledge ; so extensive was his connection with all its members . This circumstance would prevail much more with the barrack-masters than any consideration of the hon . secretary 's property in the county . It had been said by a right hon . gent . the other night , that this petition ought to have 761 been presented sooner . He hoped that upon reflection he would take a longer view of parliamentary duties . When any one had a matter of great and serious moment to the interests of the house and of the country to propose , he ought to have credit for his motives , and to be allowed to bring it forward at the time which , in the exercise of his own discretion , he might think proper . expressed his satisfaction that the stream of calumny which had been so industriously spread all over the country , which had been swelled by every possible means abroad , and nourished by insinuations even in that house , had been at last brought to the test of public investigation . But , however much he felt satisfied at this , he must say something respecting the conduct of those who presented this petition . They ought to have presented it at an earlier period . But an hon . gent . had said , that they had been desirious of presenting it at the opening of the session , but that they had thought proper to delay the matter till a full attendance of county members might be expected . But what could he say to justify himself , if it should appear to be true that the petition did not exist at the opening of the session , nor had been even in contemplation ; but that another petition , different from this , and containing no distinct charge against his hon . friend , was then intended to be presented , but was afterwards abandoned from want of grounds ? He did not say this lightly ; and he took the liberty of adverting to it in order to enable the house to judge whether this petition was presented from party motives , or with a view to the interests of justice . He then adverted to the assertions that had been made respecting the interference of government in the dock-yards , and denied that any improper interference had taken place there . For this he had the authority of the commissioners , and other officers of the dock-yards , who declared that they had exercised no improper influence over the artificers , nor had endeavoured to detach such of them as were connected with the other party from their friends and connections . This affair of the dock-yards was the subject of the