he felt happy in the consciousness of introducing a regulation that he believed would be beneficial to the church of Scotland : but if it should appear otherwise ; if there was the least ground to suspect that it might be productive of any consequences injurious to the Scots Clergy , he should feel still greater happiness in immediately withdrawing it.—The petition was then , together with another on the same subject , ordered to lie on the table , till the report of the bill ; and the committee on the Scotch Clergy bill was put off to Thursday . Council having been called in , pursuant to order , 613 Mr. Plumer and Mr. Dallas attended , on behalf of the West-India merchants ; Mr. Alexander , for the merchants of Liverpool ; Mr. Scarlet , for the merchants and planters of the islands of Jamaica and Trinidad ; and Mr. Clarke , on the part of the corporation of Liverpool , and the trustees of the dock of that port . The arrangement with respect to the order in which the learned counsel for the several interests should be heard , having been referred to their own decision ; Mr. Alexander , for the merchants of Liverpool , first addressed their lordships , and concluded with requesting that , according to the prayer of the petitioners for whom he appeared , witnesses might be called in.—The counsel having been ordered to withdraw , said , that for the purpose he then had in view , it would not be at all necessary to enter into the general question ; the simple enquiry was , whether , in the present situation of things , it was or was not expedient to hear the depositions of the witnesses , according to the recommendation of the learned counsel . In his opinion , there could be no ground for this mode of proceeding , unless their lordships thought that this was a subject utterly unknown to them ; and that in consequence of the deficiency of all former experience and information , it was necessary to go into a long and formal examination of the matter . This . was not the first time , or the first year , that the enquiry was made before their lordships : it was the 20th year in which it had been brought under their consideration ; and there was no one session during that long period in which it had not been , in some form or other , submitted to the investigation of parliament . Could any individual peer suppose , that , to enable him to decide on the principle of this bill , it was expedient to examine how far the local interests of the ship-owners of Liverpool were concerned , and what were their comparative profits in the subsisting intercourse between Africa and the West Indies ? This bill was not offered to their lordships , because the capital of no British subjects was employed in the Slave Trade , or because no British mariners were engaged in it ; but expressly because the property and persons of the subjects of this realm were engaged in it : and hence it called upon the justice and humanity of their lordships to prevent this misapplication both of the one and the other . Their lordships were not now to determine , 614 if a few more or a few less ships were devoted to this commerce , but to wipe away the disgrace of this country , by the direction thus given to the industry and talents of British merchants . The learned counsel , by shewing that the capital of this description of persons was largely concerned , in part supplied the motive on which the proposal for the abolition was founded . Thus , without any confirmation from the witnesses proposed , all the facts that were material were admitted . It might be easy to shew , that particular items to which the learned counsel adverted , did not operate in aid of his argument : thus , the premiums paid to insurers were not to