bills on these petitions . His object , therefore , was merely to complete the principle which the house had already adopted . In addition to what had been done , he proposed to fix the last day for presenting bills upon the petitions , and also the last day for receiving the reports of these bills . He held in his hand a paper which shewed that the number of private bills presented towards the close of the session , had been for some years past increasing ; and last year particularly , it appeared that , out of 204 bills , no less than 31 had been presented after the kings birth-day , and 78 reported upon . This was far beyond what could be allowed in consistency with the convenience of the house and of particular members . The last Friday of February was the day beyond which private petitions were not at present allowed to be presented . He thought that the parties would have abundant time to prepare the bills before the 26th of March , and therefore he would propose that this should be fixed as the last day for receiving private bills . This would be no inconvenience , as , in cases of inclosures and agricultural bills , notices were fixed on the church doors in the months of August and September , and in others , notices were given during the same months at the quarter sessions and in the county papers . Every person concerned , therefore , would have full time to make up his mind , and to be prepared before Easter . But this would be as nugatory as the former order had been found to be , unless a day was fixed , beyond which the reports on these bills could not be received . At present , five days inclusive intervened between the first and second readings . The bills were generally committed on the eighth day from the time of their being brought forward . He thought that the reports might very well 255 be made within six or eight weeks from the same time , so as to enable the lords to pass the bills before the birth-day . He would , therefore , propose that the 11th of May should be the last day for receiving reports upon private bills . Some greater delay might be allowed in cases of Irish bills . But though 21 days must intervene between the first and second readings of such bills , he still thought that they might very well be brought within this general rule . But the house , in adopting a general rule , did not give up its discretion . Even at present , the standing order of the house was dispensed with in cases of notices upon special cause being shewn . But at the same time it would be important to adhere to the general rule , except in very particular cases ; for its utility would be destroyed , if it should be once understood that it could be dispensed with on slight grounds . It would be of great convenience to the parties and to the members , especially members of counties , that the private business should be completed with all possible dispatch . He concluded by moving , `` That the order , fixing the last Friday of February as the last day on which private petitions should be received be read , that the 26th of March should be appointed as the last day for receiving private bills , that the 11th of May should be fixed as the last day for receiving reports upon these bills , and that an order should be made for promulgating these resolutions , that every one might have due notice of them . '' They were only resolutions for the present year , and matter of experiment . If they should be found useful and practical , they might hereafter be settled as orders . He had the concurrence of the country gentlemen , and of those who might be supposed to be best acquainted with the