Are we net taught `` to do unto others as we would they should do unto us ? '' are we not commanded to `` love our neigh–bours as ourselves ? '' This benevolent doc–trine dues not apply solely to the man who lives next door ; but to all our fellow so–journers in this transitory world . There is no restriction as to colour . We are not told to love the white and hate the black neighbour : strange , that the subtle fluid , which , circulating under the membrane of the skin , gives to divers nations their various hues , should be the boundary between liberty and slavery—between hove and ha–tred ! but above all , can we forget the great commandments , `` thou shalt not steal , thou shalt do no murder ? '' And , though I do not impute those crimes immediately to the British trader ; yet if by exciting the cupidity of the native princes we should encourage war and rapine , for the purpose of obtaining slaves , we should not , I fear , be held guiltless in the sight of Heaven , of the sin attendant upon those crimes . Be–fore I sit down , let me congratulate the hon . member ( Mr. Wilberforce ) upon the effects produced by his unwearied industry , his indefatigable zeal , and his impressive eloquence , in thus bringing to a happy con–clusion , a measure , which does so much ho–nour to his head and heart , and which washes out this foul stain from the pure ermine of the national character said , he was sorry the right hon . gent . who spoke last but one , had displayed the principles that had fallen from him ; for , in the present state of the sentiments of the house , it was not those who claimed humanity and justice , not for the negroes , but their oppressors , that the advocates of the abolition had to fear , but 978 those who , while they agreed in the pro–priety of the abolition , were for deferring the execution of it . The immediate abo–lition was the only remedy for the evils . Mr. Parke had proved that the negroes who were not sold , far from being massacred , were kept in a milder sort of slavery in Africa . There was no evidence of any such massacre having ever taken place . He argued to the fact , that no such massacre ever took place from the frequent varia–tions in the amount of the demand for ne–groes , and consequently the supply to an–swer that demand . When the demand was suddenly increased , as it was on the settle–ment of Trinidad , whole families must have been dragged forth to answer the de–mand . He cited several cases of horrid cruelty , in which the law was inadequate to do justice to the Blacks , and with re–spect to which the Whites acknowledged no community of law , nor of justice , nor of spe–cies . He concluded with an eloquent representation of the gratitude the vote of this night would call forth from posterity , and of the happiness which many of the younger members , who were present , would have in beholding what they had anticipated with all the generous ardour of youth , ex–pressed by some of them in a corresponding glow of language upon the benign effects of this measure upon the negroes , the whole property of the colonies , and upon the pro–sperity of the empire at large . When he looked to the man at the head of the French monarchy , surrounded as he was with all the pomp of power , and all the pride of victory , distributing kingdoms to his family , and principalities to his followers , seeming , when he sat upon his throne , to have reached the summit of human ambi–tion , and the pinnacle of earthly happiness , and when he followed that man into his closet or to his bed , and considered the