not to separate till his motion was consented to . Such a document ought to be ready by this time , considering the length of the notice given upon the subject . There were no less than 591 established clerks in the Barrack Department , and therefore it could not be alleged that there was not sufficient help to enable the Barrack Master to comply with the request of a member of parliament . Last year he confined his inquiry to one parish or district in the Isle of Wight , and in that place , he had since found that the rents of Temporary Barracks were reduced one half . Barns hired for that purpose , and rated at 2,200l . were now lowered to 1,100l . by means of the motion he had formerly made upon this subject . All this he could prove to have taken place , although he was now to be refused the production of that which would enable him not only to bring several Barrack-masters to the bar , but also to save the sum of two millions to the public . As he believed , however , that some reform was in agitation by ministers themselves , he could assure them , that he was not , disposed to satisfy any revenge upon this occasion , but merely to press upon them the necessity of a speedy reformation in these abuses . All he wished to know was , where the new account in that department began , and where the old one ended ? But since he felt an opposition to this inquiry , merely on account of the mode he proposed , in order to attain this object , he should have no objection to give up his motion without dividing the house . begged the hon . gentleman and the house distinctly to understand , that he had not refused him any papers , which could , with propriety , be produced . If his motion could possibly have been complied with , without interfering with the commissioners already appointed , nobody could be more ready than he was , to support such inquiries.—The motion was then put from the chair , and negatived without a division . further stated , that he should , upon a future day , submit a motion to the house , that would reach the Barrack Departments upon foreign stations . He hoped the charges abroad , ( for instance , in the Island of Sicily ) would not be found such as were formerly existing in the Island of Corsica . Lord Temple moved the order of the day for the second reading of the South Sea Trade bill . On the motion that the bill be now read a second time , observed , that as he had but that day presented a petition from the governor and directors of the South Sea Company against the bill , the petitioners were not prepared with counsel . If , therefore , he should suffer that stage of the bill to pass , he hoped the house would allow them to be heard by counsel , touching their rights , which would be invaded by the bill , in the committee . stated , that though the South Sea Company had not for forty years carried on any trade to the South Sea , it was yet not legal for any ships to trade in that sea , without a license from the company . It had been mentioned to him , that the ships which had sailed for Buenos Ayres on the first accounts of its capture , had sailed without such licenses , in which case the voyage was illegal from the outset ; and in this view , the question was an important one , because this circumstance would have a very serious effect upon the policies of insurance on these vessels . Not having seen a line of the bill , he wished to be informed , whether it was proposed to give it a retrospective operation . said , he had intended to explain the object of the