, although he had himself no objection to the bill , yet , as it would affect the interests of many individuals in the country , he trusted the hon . gent . would not press it through the house before those individuals could learn the nature of the provisions in which they were interested . Mr. Vansittart acquiescing , though at the same time declaring that it was indispensable that no great delay should take place , the second reading was postponed to Monday.—Petitions were presented against the returns for the following places : —Sudbury . The ground of complaint in the petition was treating . Ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday , the 17th of February . Rochester . 253 This was a petition , by certain electors against Mr. Barnett , on the ground of treating . To be taken into consideration on the 19th of February . Newcastle under Line . This petition to be taken into consideration on the 19th of February . Glasgow , Renfrew , & c. & c. This was a petition by Mr. Boyd Alexander against Archibald Campbell , esq . Ordered to be taken into consideration on the 17th of March . County of Mayo . The grounds of this petition were , the improper interference of the marquis of Sligo and the sheriff , and the admission of illegal votes . To be taken into consideration on the 24th of February.—Malmsbury . There were two petitions , one from the unsuccessful candidates , and another from certain burgesses . Both ordered to be taken into consideration on the 26th of Feb. Wick , & c. in Caithness . Petition from Sir John Sinclair . Ordered to be taken into consideration on the 26th of Feb. Colchester . Petition from some electors . To be considered on the 3d of March . Great Yarmouth . Petition from certain electors . To be considered on the 3d of March . Linlithgow , & c. & c. Petition on the ground of bribery and corruption . At the suggestion of lord Howick , this , for the purpose of forwarding the business , was also ordered to be taken into consideration on the 3d of March . Hythe . This petition to be taken into consideration on Thursday , the 5th of March.—Mr . Whitbread gave notice that he would the next day move , that the order for taking into consideration the Thetford petition should be rescinded , for the purpose of appointing a more distant day.—Mr . Adam moved , that the order for taking into consideration the Linlithgow petition should be rescinded , for the purpose of appointing a more distant day . This had been done in another case of the same nature from Scotland . The Speaker said , that this would leave a vacancy on the 3d of March , and if there was any objection to the motion , a notice must be given . Lord Howick thought the reason perfectly sufficient , and therefore there could be no objection . Mr. Johnstone thought that he would be justified in acting with the same severity here , as had been used towards him on a former occasion . However he would not have objected , had it not been that it was unfair to make any alteration in this case while one of the parties was absent.—Mr . Adam then gave a notice of the motion for the next day . Lord Howick rose pursuant to notice , to propose certain regulations with respect to Private Bills . The utility of the purpose which he had in view was so obvious , that he need not trouble the house at any length on the subject . The house was aware that it was the practice to fix a certain day , beyond which , private petitions could not be presented . This was done , he apprehended , on this principle , that all the bills might be passed within the session . This principle , however , had been defeated by the latitude allowed with respect to the time of bringing forward