taken in these transactions . I never saw him in my life . My reason for promo–ting this enquiry arises from an anxiety I feel , that this country should not suffer in its character from imputations which it does not deserve . I shall conclude with moving , `` that the papers which were pre–sented to this house upon the 21st and 23d days of June 1802 , and upon the 10th day of August 1803 , relative to the Carnatic , be reprinted for the members of the house thanked the hon . baronet for his liberality and candour , and acknow–ledged the pledge which he had given to proceed with the enquiry . He had stated the reasons which induced him to give it up , when the hon . baronet was not a member of the house . He would again state them at the proper time , and then the hon . baro–net would be satisfied that he did him no more than justice , in giving him credit for the purity of his motives . The question , as he thought , was confined to the con–duct of the Madras government , but from volumes of papers afterwards moved for , it appeared that the Bengal government , the directors , and the board of controul were also implicated . This was however not the ground of his abandoning the case . He thought the hon . baronet ought to con–fine himself to the reprinting of the papers before produced . If he moved for new ones , and was retorted upon in the manner he had been , he would subject himself to be called over the coals , and the business might be delayed longer than he could at present have any idea of . When he brought forward the charge , however , he would experience every support that he could give him hoped that the hon . baronet would declare what was his object , 1023 and against whom his motion was to be di–rected . Did he mean to attack lord Welles–ley , or lord Powis , or the directors , or the board of controul , or the late ministers ? He wished to know what he was driving at , if he knew it himself , for he seemed to have some doubts about the matter . In the wean time he hoped that the house would not allow the characters of the executive officers to be complimented away by the praises which the right hon . gent . and the hon . baronet , had thought proper to bestow on each other . He contended that the conduct of the executive officers had been approved of by the directors and the board of controul , the cabinet , and this house . They had only executed the orders they had received , and the responsibility therefore did not rest with them , though he did not admit that they had by any means even lent themselves as instruments to any improper act . He then adverted to the in–justice done to persons accused , by allowing the charge to hang over . He also said , that from his own knowledge , he could affirm that the revival of old charges was attended with great mischief to our Indian govern–ment . It shook the confidence of the na–tives in its stability , and nourished a desire of change , which prevailed in a particular degree in these people , and was generally the case in arbitrary governments . He wished to know specifically what was the design of the hon . baronet before he gave his assent to the motion ? said , though he did not flatter himself that much benefit would result from this discussion , yet , as a friend to discus–sion in general , and considering the house of commons as the only security which the inhabitants of British India had for protec–tion and redress , and the only place in which an investigation into the affairs of India could be instituted , it was necessary that he should take notice of