before the house . But the result of this communication served fully to convince his mind , that that alarm was not well founded . Such indeed was his opinion , even before the conference took place . But still he felt it not only his duty , but his inclination , to consult any class of men interested in a question of this nature ; to consider their opinions , to examine their objections , and even to pay attention to their prejudices . He would therefore propose to allow full time for enquiring farther upon this subject , in order that the grounds upon which the petitioners rested their objections to the bill before the house might be amply investigated . For that purpose he would move , that the second reading of the bill should be postponed till this day fortnight . In the interim the case might be diligently examined ; and as the Oak Bark trade was suspended , at least until May , no injury could result from the proposed delay , to those concerned for the carrying of the bill.—The petition was ordered to lie on the table , and lord Temple 's motion for the second reading of the bill on this day fortnight was agreed to . Sir John Newport rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for amending the act of the 42d of his present majesty , for regulating the trial of contested elections in Ireland . The right hon . baronet observed , that there were several provisions in this act which he proposed to alter , and which were of such a nature as the house must feel admitted of no delay that could be consistently avoided in passing the bill which he had felt it his duty to bring forward . There were some points in the act he proposed to amend , which he thought it right to mention to the house , as proofs of the necessity that existed for such amendment . In the act referred to , there was a provision for swearing the commissioners appointed in Ireland to examine evidence , & c upon the subject of election petitions ; but strange as it might seem , there was no provision for swearing the clerks who acted 437 under such commission . This omission , which he meant to supply , was the more extraordinary , as the whole of the proceedings depended on the accuracy of these clerks , upon whose written statement of the evidence taken before them , the committees of that house were to ground their decisions ; therefore such clerks might have it in their power , by the suppression , or substitution of a single word , to defeat the whole proceedings upon an election petition . Another point in the act he proposed to amend was this : according to that act , no man could be a member of a commission to enquire into the merits of any election at which he had voted . But this prohibition he proposed to extend to those also who were entitled to vote at such election : and that he thought necessary to answer the object of the former provision ; for , as the law stood , a man entitled to vote had only to decline voting , in order to qualify himself to become a commissioner , as was often the case in consequence of compromise with some of the candidates . Thus the spirit of the law was evaded . But this evasion was not confined to the commissioners ; it extended also to the clerks , and therefore to them also he should extend the proposed prohibition . There was another new provision which he thought it necessary to introduce into the bill he should have the honour of submitting to the house , the object of which would be to remove doubts existing as to the power of a committee of that house to call for the production of any books or other documents which might have been laid before the commission in