, whenever occasion may require ; and that all their proceedings may receive from his majesty the most favourable construction . For my own part , I do entreat , that whenever any thing in the shape of failing or error may occur , it may be attributed to myself only , and not to his majesty 's faithful commons . in his majesty 's name replied , that the accustomed privileges of the house of commons would be continued to them , and that the most favourable construction would be put upon all their acts.—The commons then withdrew , after which the house adjourned during pleasure . At three the house again met , and sat till four , during which time several peers took the usual oaths and their seats . accordingly went up , followed by a number of the members . On their return he addressed the house thus : —I have to acquaint the house , that I have been in the house of peers , where his majesty , by his commissioners , has been graciously pleased to approve and confirm the choice of this house , in the election they have made of me to be their speaker , and that I have there laid claim , by humble petition to his majesty , to all our ancient and undoubted rights and privileges ; and more especially , freedom from all arrests or molestations , for ourselves , and our servants ; freedom of speech in debate , free access to his majesty 's royal person , as occasion may require , and that all our proceedings may receive the most favourable construction . All which his majesty has been pleased to allow in as full and ample a manner as has ever been done to any of my predecessors . And now I have again to return you my warmest and most grateful thanks for the high honour which you have been pleased to confer upon me , assuring you , that it is my purpose to act in all matters with the strictest impartiality ; and I have , at the same time , to entreat the house to afford me their constant support in maintaining the established rules and orders , all which have been found so necessary for the dignity of our proceedings , and the dispatch of business . I have now only further to remind the house , that the first thing to be done upon the present occasion , is , for the several members to take and subscribe the oaths of supremacy , abjuration , and qualification as the law requires.—The speaker himself first took the usual oaths . The members then came to the table by parties , and were sworn in the usual manner . This business continued till 4 o'clock , when the house adjourned till to-morrow . rose to move an address to his majesty . In thus rising to address their lordships for the first time , he felt himself in a situation of considerable difficulty , and hoped for their lordships ' indulgence . In adverting to the topics contained in his majesty 's speech , the first to be noticed was , the negociation between this country and France . As the papers respecting this subject would shortly he laid on their lordships ' table , it would not now be regular to enter into any detailed discussion respecting the progress and result of that negociation ; it must , however , be evident to the it lordships , from what had already transpired , that the negociation had broken off in consequence of the imperious conduct and exorbitant demands of France . His majesty , anxious that peace should be restored , if that could be attained consistently , with the honour and interests of the country , had ordered the commencement of a negociation , the main business of which was transacted by a man ( Mr. Fox ) than whom no one was more fit , whose great and comprehensive mind was admirably calculated to embrace all the interests of the country , whose candour