The new parliament met this day , pursuant to his majesty 's proclamation . At 12 o'clock the earl of Aylesbury ( lord steward of his majesty 's household ) came down , and , assisted by Mr. Ley , the principal clerk , and the other clerks of the house of commons , proceeded to administer , in one of the antichambers , the usual oaths to such members of the commons as were attending to be sworn . After taking the oaths . the several members repaired to their seats in the house of commons , to wait the summons of the lords commissioners , to attend 3 at the bar of the house of peers , to hear the commission read . About a quarter past two , a message by Mr. Quarme , deputy usher of the black rod , announced , that the lords commissioners , by virtue of his majesty 's commission , desired the immediate attendance of that house in the house of peers , to hear the commission read . In consequence , a great number of members attended Mr. Ley , the chief clerk , according to the usual practice , to the upper house , where , after the commission was read in form , the lord chancellor , as one of the commissioners , acquainted both houses that his majesty would defer declaring the cause of calling this present parliament , until the members of both houses should be sworn , and the members of the house of commons should have chosen a Speaker . His lordship accordingly acquainted the gentlemen of the house of commons , that it was his majesty 's pleasure that they should retire to the place where they usually sat , and choose a proper person to be their speaker , and that they should present the person so chosen , at 12 o'clock to-morrow for his majesty 's royal approbation . The members then returned to their own house , where , as soon as they had taken their seats , rose and address Mr. Ley , the senior clerk , as follows : — I rise , sir , to call upon the house to exercise one of their most ancient , most undoubted , and , in many respects , most important privileges , and without which our functions would be interrupted , and our deliberations embarrassed . The nature of those functions and those deliberations suggests the necessity of selecting some person from among ourselves , properly qualified to be the voice of the representatives of the people , both in their intercourse with the other house of parliament , and in the exercise of their collective authority over individuals ; a person whose peculiar duty it will be to watch over their invaluable privileges , to alarm the jealousy of the house against the encroachments of the other orders of the state , and who , by his authority , wisdom , and experience , will contribute to maintain consistency , order , and regularity in their own proceedings . The great increase of parliamentary business , both of a public and private nature , occupying , as it does , so large a portion of the year ; the constant and numerous attendance of the members of the house on all important questions , 4 unexampled in modern times at least ; the habit of animated , protracted , nd frequent debate , have all tended to render the discharge of the greater part of the duties imposed on the person selected to fill the chair as arduous to himself as they are important to the public . The just application of the various precedents standing upon the recorded authority of our proceedings , as well as of the no less established , though unwritten forms and regulations , which constitute the law of parliamentary usage , is a task difficult in itself , and of the last consequence to the house to have it well executed . With respect to the former , the right hon . gent . whose name I shall presently mention , has