our councils , and held out to us the well grounded expectation that our courage and resources would be properly directed for the interest of the country . Our inveterate enemy , finding he could not otherwise induce us to enter into dishonourable terms with him , had attempted to aim , what he conceived , a vital blow at our commerce and manufactures . This , however , would also be found unavailing . He might , to his own conception , shut up the ports of the continent against us , but still our manufactures would flourish , and would find their way , even into the territories over which he exercised dominion . But , to injure our manufactures , it would be incumbent on him to shut against them , not the ports of the continent of Europe only , but those of Asia , Africa , and America ; over which it was obvious that he could not possibly have any controul . Amidst our present gloom , said the noble earl , I can not but derive some sources of consolation . One amongst others is that produced by the measure , which , in the early part of this evening , was brought forward by a noble lord high in his majesty 's administration . I mean the bill introduced for the abolition of the Slave Trade . I rejoice that the inhuman traffic in slaves is seriously proposed to be put an end to . This to me is a source of consolation ; another is the preservation of the established church . But here I can not help lamenting that so little has been done of late years . In the reign of queen Anne , no less than 50 churches were at once ordered to be built ; but have we been sufficiently attentive to tins object , notwithstanding the vast increase of inhabitants in our populous towns and cities ? Is it not for want of this , in a great mea- 286 sure , that the sectaries have of late years spread and abounded , so as to even threaten the safety and security of our religious establishment ? I lament , likewise , the violation of the Lord 's day , and that trades are suffered to be exercised on that day , to the disgrace of the country . The increased publication of newspapers on that day , I consider as coming within this charge of the violation of that holy day ; and , even at the present moment , a new paper is advertised to be published , professedly denominated the Sunday paper . ' These , I consider , as so many dark specks over our political hemisphere ; nor are they trifling in their consequences ; for , assuredly , if we neglect moral and religious considerations of this nature , we may look forward with fearful anxiety . But , I trust , we shall still adhere to the principles , civil and sacred , by which this country has so long flourished : `` O fortunatos nimiÙm , sua si bona nôrint ! '' —I rise , my lords , with feelings peculiarly alive to the strong necessity of carrying fully into effect that part of the address proposed by the noble baron , of supporting with the most unceasing vigour and undaunted resolution the great contest in which we are engaged . Whoever reflects on what may prove the final issue of that contest , of what may prove the fate of this empire ; whoever feels for the honour and happiness of Great Britain , must perceive , that the only chance of safety , and the great hope of ultimate and decisive triumph , now depends upon a vigorous prosecution of the war . Whilst , then , the genuine British feeling continues to animate the people of this empire , I am convinced there is not a man in this house , or in this country , who would not rather perish in the calamitous conflict , than willingly compromise the dignified character of Britain ,