without much difficulty and delay ? A conqueror can speedily give the law , but when nations treat on equal terms , delays can not be avoided . But it is said that the negociation prevented an arrangement with Prussia . I deny the fact . I defy any man to give the least proof of such an assertion . I do not wish to say any thing to aggravate the distress of that unfortunate power , but such had been the infatuated Conduct of the court of Berlin , that neither to Russia nor to this country had any oppor- 317 tunity been given either of staying her precipitate counsels or assisting her rash operations . This , however , belongs to another discussion , and if gentlemen on the Other side can shew that in this or in any other respect the negociation suspended any measures of war , they will have proved a very heavy charge ; but till they bring that proof , neither the house nor the country will be much influenced , far less will be led to prejudge us , by their bold assertions and their unsupported accusations.—With respect to fidelity towards our allies , I am confident that no reproach can justly be made to the conduct of the negociation . If the cause of the country be clear , our cause must likewise be unquestionable . We have seen how steadily Mr. Fox refused to listen to the proposal of separate negociation , and when the form was abandoned , the substance was strictly maintained . When M. d'Oubril was sent to Paris , it was no longer necessary to refuse that to which the emperor of Russia had consented . It is proper to remark here too , that it was expressly stipulated by lord Yarmouth , that the concert with Russia should be fully admitted , and that M. Talleyrand knew that he was to concert with M. d'Oubril . Even after the separate treaty concluded by that minister , this government saw the importance of still maintaining the most unlimited faith towards Russia , and when the refusal to ratify the treaty was known , lord Lauderdale was instructed to insist that the two powers should be considered as replaced in the situation in which they stood before that event , and to urge those articles for which Russia was most desirous . This conduct , indeed , Was due to an ally whose good faith had been so strongly displayed on former occasions , and to the character of the emperor Alexander , in whose honour the government had never ceased to confide , even under the most unaccountable appearance of his minister 's conduct at Paris.—If our good faith can not be impeached , are we culpable for the terms for which we insisted ? Are we blamed , because , in the situation of the country , we thought it proper to retain what we possessed , as a counterpoise to the acquisitions of France ? Are we blamed because we refused to cede any of our possessions , unless on the footing of a fair equivalent ? Are we deserving of blame because we insisted upon a basis which implied perfect equality with the enemy , and which pre- 318 sumed that our conquests were at least as much beyond their power to affect , as theirs were beyond the possibility of being shaken by our attacks ? This , then , was the basis to which we uniformly adhered . The principle we applied to Sicily , though not exactly a conquest , since we held it in concurrence with its lawful sovereign , and it was included by name in our demands . This , our faith to the king of Naples required . Hanover having been unjustly attacked for the sake of England , the honour of this country compelled us to Stipulate for its recovery . The integrity of Turkey , of Sweden , of Portugal , was stipulated for , and it was our object also to secure the little states from the insults and encroachments they had experienced