the said county , measures of the most unconstitutional nature were resorted to by persons in situations of high trust and authority in different departments of the executive government , for promoting the success of Thomas Thistlethwayte , esq . and the hon . W. Herbert , two of the candidates , whose pretentions were favoured by his majesty 's ministers , in violation of the dearest rights of the petitioners , and as they humbly apprehend , of the privileges of the house ; that , among other instances of such interference , they think it 685 right to state more particularly that W. H. Fremantle , esq . one of the secretaries of the treasury , a gentleman who , they believe , has no property in the county , applied distinctly to the Barrack Master General , recommending the above candidates to his favourable influence and support , and desiring him , as a very particular favour , to mention the same subject , with the same view , to the other gentlemen in the Barrack Department ; in pursuance of which requisition , the most active exertions were used in that department , under the specious pretence of carrying on his Majesty 's service , to influence unduly various freeholders , and to controul the exercise of the elective franchise : these allegations the petitioners are prepared to prove at the bar of the House , in the humble hope that such measures may be taken , as to the wisdom of the house may appear most effectual , to prevent a recurrence of such unconstitutional practices , practices which , with all due deference to the superior wisdom of the house , the petitioners venture to describe as calculated to bring into discredit the government of the country , and to shake the confidence of the people in the honour and independence of the house of commons ; the petitioners have therefore felt it their bounden duty , not only to themselves and fellow subjects , but especially to the house , to bring under their notice these outrages , as they deem them , against the liberties of the country ; and they have been cneouraged the more to do so , by the Resolution which stands recorded in the Journals of the house , which declares , that it is highly criminal in any minister or ministers , or any servant under the crown , directly or indirectly , to use the powers of office in the election of representatives to serve in parliment , and declares , that an attempt at such influence will at all times be resented by the house , as aimed at its own honour , dignity , and independence , as an infringement of the dearest rights of every subject throughout the empire , and tending to sap the basis of this free and happy constitution . '' then moved , that the petition do lie on the table , and at the same time gave notice that he should submit a motion to the house on the subject , on this day se'nnight . gave his full and unqualified consent to the motion that this petition 686 should lie upon the table . But , whilst he concurred in this motion , he begged to recall to the recollection of the house that , he would not say this particular petition , but a petition of a similar nature , had been determined upon by the petitioners to be presented to that house , previously to the meeting of parliament . As the allegations of the petition involved a question respecting the privileges of that house , it ought to have been brought forward on the earliest opportunity ; and it appeared to him somewhat extraordinary that the hon . gent . had kept it back till the present moment . apprehended that when any petitioners resolved on presenting a petition to that house , complaining of a specific grievance , they had a right , as well as the hon . member who was to present it , to choose the time that might appear