, till the hon . baronet should state what they were , and till he had an opportunity of examining whether they could be produced without detriment to the public service contended , that with respect to the assumption of the govern–ment of the Carnatic , blame lay some–where , and that it was a matter of serious investigation to ascertain where all the censure of that most extraordinary revolu–tion should devolve . The hon . baronet 1027 had been pressed to state distinctly his ob–ject in calling for those papers ; he did not think this fair ; it might be impossible for the hon . baronet distinctly to state his object , until he had been previously fur–nished with the necessary evidence by those papers ; but before that evidence should be furnished , he thought it a subject of too great magnitude to warrant any member in distinctly pledging himself to a specific charge begged gentlemen to recollect , that there had been more pa–pers relative to India called for , and pro–duced in the last session of the late parlia–ment , than for six sessions before ; he was entirely of opinion , that in calling for pa–pers upon any subject , the object should be distinctly stated ; he acquitted the hon . baronet of being actuated by any sinister motives of party or vanity in bringing forward his present motion , and praised the manly and ingenuous conduct of the gallant general ( Wellesley ) in every ques–tion relating to Indian enquiry thought it a most extra–ordinary mode of opposing the hon . baro–net 's motion , by refusing to assent to the production of the papers called for , until the object had been distinctly stated , which object the papers in question were alone to ascertain . He complained of a radical defect in the present state of the go–vernment in India , and knew not whether more governments had been subverted by it in the East or by Bonaparte in the West in reply , said that when it appeared from the arguments upon both sides , that it was a question whether the court of directors approved or disapproved of the conduct of their servants in In–dia , he did not think a stronger argument than this very doubt could possibly be advanced in favour of the motion he had submitted to the house : his object was substantial justice , and in the pursuit of that , however deficient in other respects , he should not be found defective in zeal diligence , and perseverance . As to the voluminous papers with which he had been threatened from the other side , if such paper contributed in the least degree to the defence of the accused , he himself should gladly second the motion for their production . He had been urged to state distinctly the object of his motion ; it was impossible to state in a case of such magnitude , on whom the evidence found in these papers might especially bear ; and it was , there- 1028 fore , in the present stage of the business , im–possible for him distinctly to pledge him–self , further than avowing it as his inten–tion to submit a motion committing the house to a censure of the East-India com–pany , or its servants , in the assumption of the government of the Carnatic . The hon . baronet concluded with an appeal to the feelings of the house , in which he alluded to the melancholy fate of the deposed prince , who , he could prove , had perished in a dungeon explicitly denied that the prince , as stated by the hon . baronet , was imprisoned in a dungeon , or died by any other than natural causes . He thought it became a gentleman of the hon . baronet 's profession , to be more cautious in ma–king such charges maintained that the papers fully bore him out in his assertion , though he did not in the least implicate lord Wel–lesley in that dark transaction thought the enquiry should be fully gone into