part of the papers , I believe , that my noble friend indulged in some sarcastic remarks on the French ministers , which I think , as well upon general principles , as upon their application to this particular case , might better have been avoided . He taunts these gentlemen with the possible difficulties of their situation , in having a double negociation to conduct ; the one at Paris , and the other at St. Cloud.—To allow for mankind in situations of difficulty is one of the first principles of wisdom and of charity ; and the more arduous the situation , the greater the allowances must be . Taking it for granted then , that the persons employed by the chief of the French government were desirous of peace , which from the evidence of the papers in my hands I sincerely believe ; if they had to allay some irritation , to conquer some prejudice , and to controul some violence , surely it would be more fair to applaud endeavours than to make them matter of reproach to those who were engaged in the task . Supposing my noble friend to be connected in administration with persons who had not all the same hearty dispositions to peace as himself , his difficulties in negociation would certainly be increased ; but the minister opposed to him would be a very unskilful negociator who did not discover and allow for such disadvantages ; and , if he himself were truly desirous of peace , did not dissemble his knowledge of them , and by every means in his power lend his assistance to their being overcome . I am not afraid to say that such allowances ought to be made for the minister and the 357 plenipotentiaries of France . After the explanation , however , with regard to the passports , had been given , a note was delivered by the English mission , which at the moment when one word would have settled the whole of this preliminary difference between the two countries , puts them at a greater than ever . It is said , `` That the `` undersigned have only to regret that `` they can not , consistently with the in '' structions of their government , do other '' wise than insist upon the previous re '' cognition of this principle . '' ( p . 162 . ) —Why , sir , had not the principle been recognized or adopted ( for my noble friend has given us to understand that the latter word was substituted for the former by the hand of the French emperor himself , ) in the very note to which this was an answer ? Sir , I can not , I confess , comprehend the refined punctilio which still adhered so tenaciously to the empty form , when the invaluable substance was allowed to perish . Soon after this lord Yarmouth was recalled from Paris . A long interval took place from the delivery of the last note on the part of England , which , I can not omit repeating , was conceived in error : and during that interval , it for the first time appears that a suspicion was entertained by the English ministers , that Russia would not ratify the treaty of M. D'Oubril . The instructions given in the letter signed by Mr. Fox , supposing that event should happen , are consistent with all the principles of policy and good faith ; and it is here not an improper place to observe , that the strict adherence to the terms of our treaty with Russia , however I may disapprove of the treaty itself , is highly deserving warm and universal commendation.—At length , sir , a conference [ No . 43 , p. 172 ] was desired by the French plenipotentiaries on the subject of the English note of the 11th of August , which took place on the 27th of the same month , and was totally ineffectual . A second conference was pressed for by MM . Clarke and Champagny , and agreed to