only condemned the cargo , and not the ship , as the hon . and learned baronet ( sir T. Turton ) had ignorantly stated . And as to the noble lord 's allusion to Portugal , there was no material difference with regard to us between the connection with France , in 1798 , and that Which she had at present . But to return to the decree of 1798 : it surely could not be pretended that there was such a difference between the relative circumstances of that country and this , at that time and the present , as to justify the ministry of that day in thinking that this decree required no measure of counteraction whatever , if the present ministry were to be condemned for not going the full length of imitating the wildness and extravagance of the enemy . How was it to he Made out that total abstinence from retalia- 652 tion was proper in the one case , if some effort to retaliate was to be culpable in the other , because that effort did not go to the extreme of an indiscriminate retaliation ? He did not put this from any wish to find fault with the conduct of ministers in 1798 . On the contrary , he believed their forbearance wise , although the power of the enemy to execute his menaces was , it would be recollected , materially greater in 1798 , than it was at present ; for at the former period his maritime strength was considerable . The battle of the Nile had not then been fought.—On the whole , the noble lord declared that he could not see any reason to warrant total forbearance in 1798 , if it were inconsistent at all to forbear in the instance under consideration . But as to the manner in which the French decree of 1798 had been executed towards neutral powers , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , he observed , dwelt particularly on the circumstance of its having been repealed with regard to America , and the noble lord seemed very jealous lest the Americans should be exempted from the operation of the late decree also . Indeed , the noble lord had stated , that he understood the resolution to relax this decree with respect to America , had been already communicated to the American minister here . Where the noble lord had obtained that information , he could not pretend to say . Certainly the noble lord was better informed than he was ; for he had heard of no such thing , but he was authorized to say , that the American minister had received no official communication of any such nature . But supposing that a relaxation of this decree in favour of America had actually taken place , and admitting all that the noble lord had stated to be really true ; what course would the noble lord recommend to us in consequence ? Would he advise , that because America was exempted by France , from the operation of a measure hostile to all neutral powers ; that because our commerce and manufactures were allowed the opportunity of conveyance in American ships , to that part of the continent , our direct intercourse with which the enemy had it in his power to obstruct , we ought to declare war against America ? In truth the whole amount of the noble lord 's argument , seemed to be this , that as America was exposed to the injustice of France , she ought to be exposed to farther injustice from this country.—With regard to our treaty with America , 653 he could not conceive the grounds upon which the learned mover of the proposition before the house could warrant his very frequent allusions to that treaty . It was a subject that he dared not enter into , because this house would not allow it ; but yet , he was perpetually nibbling at it ; aware that ministers could not consistently answer his insinuations . The learned gent . had stated that the existence of the non-importation act