, ministers appear to have mixed these two modes of proceeding together , and to have produced a result which ( as might be expected ) has the advantages of neither . They adopt the high tone belonging to a point of honour , so far as to put the question in its most irritating and offensive form , and to make it impossible for the French minister to give the answer which they wish , without confessing himself guilty of falsehood and prevarication : and yet , instead of acting on the same tone in which they speak , they consent to prolong this miserable altercation for three months , and instead of recalling their whole embassy , recall only that member of it who is best qualified to maintain the point in discussion . They hold high lord Yarmouth 's word ; but they do not suffer lord Y. himself to stay to maintain it . They choose to rest every thing upon testimony , and they withdraw their witness . This could by no possibility be right . If you meant to abandon your point of honour , good care ought to have teen taken not , even in appearance , to abandon lord Y. : and if , as appears , you meant still to maintain it , what chance could remain of maintaining it with effect in any other hands than his ? —But neither is this all . The manner and very language in which our plenipotentiaries are instructed to insist upon the uti possidetis is not calculated to produce the effect desired , that of a previous and unconditional recognition of it , as a basis already admitted by France . In order to have extorted that recognition , it was surely necessary that the demand should be made in the plainest and most in- 396 telligible shape , unincumbered by questions about terms of peace , which naturally led the discussion away into other subjects . Yet I am pretty sure there is no one instance ; or at most but one , ( which I shall have occasion to refer to presently , ) throughout the whole correspondence in which this demand is made in distinct aud unqualified terms , and without the accompaniment of other matter . The very first instance of any distinct mention of uti possidetis by us to France ( between our own ministers at home and our ministers abroad , there is certainly no want of mention of it before that period ) is in lord Y . 's note , read , but not delivered , to gen. Clarke in the conference of the 24th July , [ p . 129 . ] In that note , lord Y. describes himself as authorised `` à discuter les bases , '' to `` discuss the basis , '' of the treaty ( which certainly does not imply the previous settlement of it ) ; and after describing the respective situations of England and France , he says , `` that the king would treat generally on the basis of uti possidetis ; '' an expression which certainly has rather the air of an original suggestion , than of a claim of some foregone agreement . This note was not delivered to general Clarke . There is therefore no answer to it . The next that we hear of uti possidetis , and the very first that the French negociators see of it in a precise and tangible shape , is in the note presented by lord Lauderdale on his arrival . In this note it is distinctly stated , that the king `` received a proposition from France to treat generally on the basis of uti possidetis . '' [ p . 145 . ] And to this distinct statement is returned the next day the peremptory denial : `` That it never could have entered into the mind of the French emperor to take the uti possidetis as the basis of negociation . '' [ p . 150 . ] This is surely the period , at which , if it were resolved to treat