peculiarly necessary to know whether his majesty 's ministers could act with the vigour which circumstances might require on account of the artful and insidious understanding which seemed to exist between the French and American governments . He Wished to know whether they could adopt measures for the blockade of the ports of the enemy in the West Indies ? The second question was relative to a late issue of money to the continent . It was notorious to every person , that an issue of money , to the amount of 3 or 400,000l . had been transmitted to the continent ; and he Wished to ask the noble lord upon what vote of that house such money bad been issued . The last subject upon which he wished for information was one which had greatly agitated the public mind for the last three or four days , he meant the situation of Buenos 467 Ayres . He wished to ask whether his majesty 's ministers were in possession of any real information respecting the actual state of that colony ? He did not see the right hon . gent . ( Mr. T. Grenville ) in his place , to whom this question ought particularly to be addressed , as relating principally to his department . He trusted , however , it would not be imputed to him as any want of fairness , if he put the question in that right hon . gent . 's absence . The hon . baronet here began to comment with some severity on the letter that had been sent to the mansion house , on Saturday , when he was interrupted by a general cry of `` order ! order ! '' and concluded by apologizing for any irregularity he might have fallen into , and requesting to know whether ministers had any real information on the subject ? in answer to the explanation desired by the hon . baronet , of his answer to a question of a learned gent . on a former night , had only to restate what he had said on that occasion . The treaty with America would not prevent his majesty from resorting to such measures for distressing the trade of the enemy , as neutrals should submit to on the part of the French government . Whether this was provided for in the late treaty , or otherwise , it was not for him then to state . The house would be aware that this was not the time for the publication , or discussion of the terms of a treaty , which was still subject to eventual ratification . This was all he thought necessary in answer to that part of the hon . baronet 's enquiry : but he could not pass by without an observation on the extraordinary ground upon which he had thought proper to found his question , namely , that the house should be put in possession of the express stipulations of the treaty with America on this head , preparatory to the discussion of the motion of the learned gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) . To a question put on such a ground he could not be bound to make any answer , because he would not be justified in any premature disclosure of terms of that treaty : with regard to the right of blockade , that was a general right resulting from a state of war , and which his majesty 's ministers could not be supposed to have given up . The exercise of that right , however , must be in a great degree left to their discretion , and he trusted the house would not interfere , until they should see strong grounds of suspicion that such discretion had been abused . With respect to the issue of 468 money to the continent , he could answer the question of the hon . baronet , that it was the balance due to the court of Russia , under the provisions of a treaty then upon the table of the house . As to the last question of the