with a reduction of five guineas in the bounty : so that when the expence of the system was talked of , it must be recollected , that it had already operated a reduction of five guineas in the bounty , and he hoped that it would proceed by a gradual reduction , to take away the bounties altogether , and leave the advantages of the service as the principal inducement to entering into it . There was no reason , however , why some condition might not be annexed to the grant , so that the men who received these advantages might be forthcoming when their services were wanted . In that case , it would not be necessary to look for a number of raw recruits when we wanted our armies to be increased . We might have soldiers constantly enrolled , who could instantly be brought into the ranks , when wanted , in the same manner as the sailors in France had been kept by the registry . As to the arguments of the noble lord , on the general inefficacy of the plan , he thought that he might spare himself the trouble of answering those ob- 497 servations at any length , by merely taking away the foundation upon which they rested : he would shew that the basis of them was no better than the basis of his argument respecting Buenos Ayres . He had , in perfect conformity with the opinion of that great man ( Mr. Fox ) , of whom he could never think without sentiments of the utmost kindness and respect , thought it necessary , that , in the present situation of the world , when we might look to a state of warfare in which the country might have to contend for its safety and its existence , its military means should be increased . He did not mean a mere temporary addition to our army , or a forcing the military means of the country beyond their natural power , but a positive increase to those means and to that power . This was a difference , that the noble lord had not perceived , when he contrasted the strictures he had made on some of the military measures of his predecessors , with the arguments that he had urged in support of the present system . In those strictures he was only arguing on the propriety or impropriety of What he conceived to be mere temporary measures , whose object was to procure an immediate addition to the number of the army . The system , however , which he had introduced , was never stated by him to have for its object any temporary addition , but as likely , to afford a permanent increase . He had even not appeared so sanguine about its immediate operation , as many of those who supported it ; and he would now say , that the operation of it hitherto had been much greater than he had stated or calculated . In speaking of the Army of Reserve , he considered it as only a temporary measure , and the event shewed it was no more , for that measure died of itself , but not until it had produced a considerable temporary supply to the army . Of all temporary measures which had been proposed , he certainly considered the Army of Reserve to be the best , as it produced above 40,000 men ; but when it had done that , it could go no farther . The next measure which was proposed , and which he considered as Merely a temporary measure , was the Additional Force act ; and this was brought forward with such great promise , that it was the principal ground of removing the former administration . If he had made many strictures on this measure , it was because it appeared to him impossible that it could ever be the means of obtaining what if professed , —a perma- 498 nent supply for the regular army . He now thought that it had completely failed in every object