the subject ; and , when such an immense property was at stake , if there was any fairness , propriety , or decorum in the house , they would agree to the motion . expressed himself surprised at the opposition of the noble lord . If any evidence could illustrate this momentous subject , it was the evidence of the two respectable persons whom the learned counsel wished to call to the bar . Did the noble lord mean to say , that all that had been urged by the learned counsel was matter of opinion , and that nothing new had been stated by him ? The mere hearing of counsel , without allowing evidence to be called to support their statements , was a mockery . recommended that evidence should be called in . urged the production of evidence , and declared that he could prove that the immediate abolition of the slave trade would be the most barbarous proceeding , even to the negro himself . had not heard in the 942 whole of the pleadings of the learned counsel a single new point , except that which had been justly termed by the noble lord matter of opinion . Evidence was therefore unnecessary . It was still less so in the present case , because one of the witnesses alluded to was a member of that house who would be heard in his place with that deference to which he was so justly entitled . Nor did he think the governor of a West-India island the most proper person to examine as to the state of a negro slave . If any one wished to enquire into the condition of a peasant in this country , would he ask persons of rank and consequence ? Would he not rather apply to those who were of an humbler class , who were more intimately acquainted with the subject ? With regard to any further evidence , he was convinced that the house would see no reason for it , when they considered that for the last three years , both down stairs and in committees , every species of evidence that could possibly elucidate the question , had been gone into.—The question was put , `` That the counsel be again called in , and directed to proceed with his evidence , '' and negatived without a division . Mr. Alexander then proceeded with his pleadings , and afterwards Mr. Clarke . At the close of the speeches of each of the learned counsel , he requested that evidence might be called in ; and general Gascoyne made successive motions to that effect , which were negatived without a division . Mr. Scarlett was then heard for the island of Trinidad ; he also concluded by requesting that evidence should be adduced ; and after having retired , was again called in , on the motion of lord Howick , to state the points on which he wished that evidence should be examined . They were in substance , the loss that would be sustained by certain persons who had been induced by the British government to become settlers . After the learned gent . had again withdrawn , remarked , that this was not the proper time for hearing such evidence . If the question of compensation should , at a subsequent period , be brought before the house , that would be the opportunity for receiving it . warmly urged the propriety of hearing evidence . He trusted justice would be done to the white , as well as the black , and moved that the counsel be called in , and directed to proceed with his evidence . opposed the motion . The learned counsel had stated two points which he wished to establish by evidence . The first was , that no more ground could be cleared in the island of Trinidad without fresh importation of slaves ; the second ' that great loss would be sustained by the settlers by the abolition of the trade . The first was a self-evident proposition , and , would lead merely to a question