( the Attorney General ) had urged in its favour . He had expressed his surprize that such a measure had not been proposed before . This might be owing to some difficulties attending it which were not at present observed , and therefore it was proper to proceed with caution . The cases of copyhold estates and of estates sold subsequent to debts contracted , mentioned by his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Canning ) would be very material difficulties . However , the bill had so much merit , with regard to persons dying and leaving their debts 860 unsettled through inadvertence , and not from any dishonest intention , that it had his most hearty approbation at present . observed ; that the case of subsequent settlements mentioned by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) over the way , had been already provided for by the statute of Elizabeth . The case of primogeniture was not at all like the present . No remarkable grievance arose from that . He was glad to find that the right hon . and learned gent . below ( the Master of the Rolls ) had not given this measure a decided and deliberate opposition.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow se'nnight . brought up the report of the committee on the Finances of the country . On the motion that the resolutions be read , suggested the propriety of delaying the further consideration of this important question , which went to subvert the principles on which the whole financial system of the country ; and that , too , without the house being in possession of several necessary documents . There was no estimate on the table of the produce of the war taxes , and on this subject the house had only the assertion of the noble lord , which , however respectable , was not of itself a sufficient authority . At that period of the night , too , he could hardly think that the noble lord would press the discussion . What necessity was there for haste ? If the measure was to be followed by taxes , it . might be expedient to lose no time in passing the bills through the house ; but this was not the case ; and with respect to the loan , the loan of last year was contracted for at a much later period , and he was satisfied that no inconvenience could arise from delaying it for at least two months . He had no party views in what he stated , but he was convinced , that the house had not had time to render themselves competent to decide on this momentous question . If , however , they were to be compelled to come to a decision , he for one felt it impossible to vote for the first and second resolutions , because they went to mortgage the war taxes , many of which would not be available in time of peace , and many others , which policy ought to induce us at that period to repeal or modify . Of this latter class , were the duties on spirits and tea . Justice also demanded that the ton- 861 nage duties should cease with the War ; and there was another duty which bore with peculiar severity on the lower classes of the people , and which ought to be got rid of as soon as possible ; he meant the last duty on Malt , to which he should even prefer retaining the Property tax . For these and other reasons he could not agree to the first and second resolutions . As to the general principle , he confessed he was not prepared to enter into it any further than by stating , that it appeared to counteract that which had been hitherto our object , namely , the restraining of the Funding system . To that object we had closely adhered until the year 1802 , when a partial departure was made from it