previous to the decision of the house , which enlarged the period for taking that return into consideration . Under the impression he had , he should conceive it his duty to vote for the rejection of the petition , unless it was withdrawn . submitted to the judgement of the house , whether the present petition did not require alteration ? It was universally admitted , that the right of petitioning was certainly inherent in the constitution ; but it was equally a matter of fact , and generally understood , that the member should attentively consider , and be responsible for the allegations of the petitions which he should think it his duty to present . The first question was , whether the present petition should be referred to a committee of privileges ? In the mean time , another question had arisen , with respect to certain indecorous terms inserted in it . The opposition was not to the substance or mode , with an intention of refusing its prayer , but was solely directed against the language which it breathed , as being inconsistent with the dignity and forms of the house . If the object was to obtain full and substantial justice , he recommended to the hon . gent . to withdraw it for the purpose of alteration , pledging himself to bring it forward on a future occasion . By such conduct the dignity of the house , the right of petition , and the privileges of the people would each be respectively preserved . declared himself unwilling to trespass on the time of the house , but he found himself called upon to reply to some observations which had fallen from hon . gentlemen on the other side . He could assure one hon . member ( Mr. Lamb ) , that he had not the remotest idea of an improper allusion to him , nor did he make any incorrect use of the authority of his name . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) had charged him , in a way more or less gentlemanly , of a want of frankness , in not communicating his intention with respect to this petition . On this point he could only say , that the necessity never occurred to him . Was it a new case , and had it not been previously brought before the house , he certainly would have apprised the right hon . gent . With respect to the petition itself , he should consider himself a very bad advocate , were he to persevere in pressing it , contrary to the general feeling of the house ; but he might be allowed to state his opinion , that it was the strong expression of unlettered men , 1040 without any view of insulting the dignity of that house , or trenching on its privileges . To such a class of men , he conceived it his duty to give every facility of laying the statement of their grievances before the legislature . He should now move to withdraw it , if the right hon . gent . who seconded the former motion , was inclined to coincide . said , he was forced to yield his consent , more to comply with the wish of the house , than any inclination of his own . The petition was accordingly withdrawn . On the order of the day being read for the house resolving itself into a committee on the slave-trade abolition bill , declared himself so impressed with the impolicy of the abolition , that he was induced , in every stage , to thwart a bill , ruinous to the colonies and to the commerce of the country ; a measure which would put into the hands of the enemy , those objects on which he had so steadfastly fixed his attention , and the want of which , in a great degree , restrained the progress of his arms , and prevented the accomplishment of those menaces , with which he had so long threatened this empire . It was a great