free egress to those of the enemy to escape from theirs . What has been , may be ; none can forget that the expedition under Hoche was prevented from landing in Ireland , solely by the interposition of a providential hurricane . Now , as I have not learned that ministers have laid in a stock of spare hurricanes , or that they have entered into any commercial treaty with the old ladies at Lapland , who are said to traffick in this article ; I can not conclude the country safe , merely because it is supe–rior at sea . But in stating the danger , I trust none will imagine that I mean to create dismay or despondency . I know that if the danger is great , the spirit and resources of the nation are equal to meet it ; but I wish to alarm to vigilance , to excite to caution , and to rouse into action , the energies of the country , for the salvation of the country . But above all things , I am an–xious that we should not slumber under the shade of false security , `` lest in that sleep we meet death . `` —Having shewn that government has not been able to re–store the blessings of peace , and that the continuation of the war is inevitable ; ha–ving stated the danger as it appears to me , and having pointed out the fallacy of relying solely upon our naval strength , splendid as its renown is , I now come to the other arm of our national force , so essential in either of the supposed cases . The excellence of our present army is acknowledged by every man in the nation , and it lives in the recollection of the enemies of our country : we are inferior to the enemy in numerical force alone . But to return to the plan of the right hon . secretary . It has been remarked , that 542 this measure of limiting the term of service , would have no effect upon the minds of soldiers , or those likely to become so . Now , I have in my hand , sir , two papers that will shew the futility of an observation so opposite to common reason . The one is the return of a battalion of reserved men , in which , for the six months previous to the new measure , 147 men engaged for general service , while 334 engaged in the six months subsequent to his measure . The other is a still stronger case ; for seven months prior to this change , only one man , out of a battalion of 400 men , extended his services ; but in the month when the right hon . secretary 's plan was explained to the battalion , 264 immediately turned out ; thus polling , as it were by acclamation , for his measure . ( Hear ! hear ! ) These were good men , fit to be soldiers , capable of a military life , and not such as were received into the army , under the Parish bill ; for the recruits obtained under the right hon . secretary 's measure are not only superior in quantity , but better in quality , than those furnished by that notable bill . There has , been a great difference in the desertions also , as a right hon . gent . has observed . But perhaps it is not quite correct to set down as deserters all those who received bounty under the Parish bill , and were never heard of more—for such fellows never joined , or meant to join any corps , and therefore could not strictly be called deserters , but robbers ; and I am not sure that it would be quite incorrect to consider those as accomplices who held out such temptations to them . A great part of those , whom this bill collected , were , in fact , unfit for service ; even where they were honest enough to shew