in general , circumstances rendered him peculiarly so for that with France . His character stood high on the continent , as at home ; and a former acquaintance with 540 the prime minister of France , gave a faci–lity in his case , that would not have applied to other ministers , however capable . Thus commenced the negociation ; in its whole progress , it was conducted , on the part of England , in the true spirit of peace , and with a sincerity which has always characterized this country . Its rupture was occasioned by the duplicity of a government , whose fidelity to its engagements is measured by no other standard than that of its own immediate interest . If gentlemen were serious in their professions of unani–mity , here was a favourable opportunity to display it ; for it was not a question of party , but one between France and England , to be tried at the tribunal of the nations of the world ; and it was essential to the character of the country , that its good faith should stand contrasted to public view , with the chicane and subtilty of its wily opponent . Whatever dif–ferences of opinion may prevail in this house , upon the various topics generally brought before it , there are two points upon which I can not anticipate much diversity of sentiment ; the one , the in–creased danger to which this country is exposed by recent events upon the conti–nent ; the other , the necessity of meeting that danger with the spirit and energy befitting a brave people , determined to be free . With respect to the danger , I believe there are few sceptics ; but least of all can they be found in the ranks of those who composed the late administration ; for if the alarm they spread throughout the land , was then well founded , in what a multiplied ratio is the danger now increased ? But if any man doubt of the danger , let him look at the extent of coast from the Adriatic to the Baltic ; the immense population ; the numerous well-disciplined and well-commanded armies ; and let him consider , that all these resources are at the uncontrolled disposal of that man who has sworn upon his altars eternal hatred to Britain . But I learn , that an idea prevails , that this country is secure as long as she preserves her superiority at sea . No opinion more natural to be formed ; no opinion more dangerous to be relied on . If this were true , then indeed might every man in the nation lay his head upon his pillow in perfect security . It is impossible to value more , highly , or to feel more proudly than I do , the brilliant achievements of our gallant tars . I know , that when the fleets of France are met by those of England , vic–tory is no longer doubtful ; and that the 541 only question now asked by a British commander is , not , what is the force , but , where is the enemy ? —But knowing all this , I also know that the sea is wide , and that the elements are fickle : and ministers must be endowed with supernatural powers ; they must `` ride in the whirlwind , and direct the storm ; '' they must be able to tell the sea , `` Thus far shalt thou go , and no farther ; here shall thy proud waves be stayed . '' All this they must do , before I can trust the safety of my country merely to its superiority at sea . It is true , the ports of the enemy are blockaded ; and , as it is affectedly expressed , their fleets are hermetically sealed up . As long as this blockade continues , and the seals remain unbroken , the country may be safe ; but the same gale that forces our fleets to seek shelter in their own ports , gives