respecting the period of sailing can have no weight . The noble lord has also objected to the appointment of certain commanders of these expeditions ; but I must appeal to him , whether he really thinks that a subject which is fit to be discussed in this house ? Would it be becoming or constitutional in your lordships to enter into an investigation of the talents of certain officers , and to enquire whether A , B , or C ought to be appointed to a particular command ? If , however , the objection of the noble lord is only to the rank , not to the want of experience or talents in the person to whom he has alluded ( General Craufurd ) , it is certainly very ill founded ; peculiar circumstances in the life of that officer have precluded him from the rank to which , by his merit and services , he was justly entitled . If the noble lord thinks that it ought to be established as a principle , that none but officers holding a certain rank ought to have the command of an expedition , I would wish him to turn to the page of Wolfe or of Nelson . Had such a principle been regarded by my lord St. Vincent , we perhaps , should not this day have had to glory in the battle of the Nile . Is there any one in this house who will say that this or that officer in lord St. Vincent 's fleet , who held a superior rank to lord Nelson , ought to have been sent in pursuit of the French expedition to Egypt , or give a vote of censure for the preference which was given to the hero , by whom the great victory of the Nile was achieved ? Let it not , therefore , be said , that the officer alluded to is unfit to command on account of his rank . I can venture to pledge myself that his appointment will never disgrace those by whom he was chosen , nor prove disadvantageous to any service on which he may be employed.—I must now take notice of what has fallen from the noble lord respecting Prussia . I assure him he is very much misinformed if he supposes that , previous to the mission of lord Morpeth , there existed any means of communication between this country and Prussia . This assurance I must repeat so as not to be misunderstood : from the moment of his majesty 's Declaration against Prussia , until lord Morpeth proceeded to the continent , there 32 remained for his majesty 's government no means of communicating or of acting in concert with Prussia . At the same time , had there been any disposition in the court of Berlin to communicate with this country , means were not wanting fur that purpose on its part . The Prussian minister was encouraged to stay until the .em I of August , when he was recalled by his court purposely that the communication through him might no longer exist . The noble lord then surely does not mean that we ought to have sent a minister to Prussia , when we knew there was no disposition in the cabinet of that country to receive him . The plain fact is , that Prussia had gone on from year to year , from month to month , and at last from week to week under the same illusion as to her safety from France , and still pursuing the same selfish policy , until she found that she was placed in a situation of the most imminent danger . Then she displayed as much precipitancy as she had before evinced of indifference to the fall of Europe , and acted with that want of caution which had brought on all her disasters . If I state this much respecting Prussia , it is not for the purpose of reproaching that power , nor for drawing a parallel between her conduct and that of other countries . But as observations on this subject