agreed to . —Lord Howick , having moved that the Papers presented to the house on the 22d of December last ( see p. 91 ) relating to the Negociation with France , be now taken into consideration , rose , and addressed the house as follows : —Mr . Speaker , the Papers which have been laid before the house in consequence of his majesty 's gracious command for that purpose , having now been for a considerable time under consideration , it becomes my duty to offer that proposition to the house which has been usual on similar occasions ; namely , a motion for an humble address to his majesty , expressive of such sentiments as the house may think fit to convey to the throne , after a careful review of the whole of this most important question . In rising to perform this duty , it is impossible for me not to experience many painful feelings : in the first place , regret , deep and lasting regret , for the failure of an effort sincerely directed to the restoration of peace to this country and to Europe , aggravated as that failure has been by the increased difficulties which the rapid succession of the most fatal events has since opposed to the restoration of peace . But , sir , connected with these feelings , peculiarly affecting to myself , is another event which it is impossible for me to pass by unnoticed , for it is impossible for me not to recollect by whom this business would have been detailed to this house , but for the dispensation of Providence . It is impossible for me to speak a word upon this occasion , either as to the effort itself , or the failure of it , without recollecting the great and irreparable loss the country has sustained in the death of that loved friend and instructor , without whose guidance and support I have no confidence in my own strength . It is impossible for me to forget what he was , and what I am . In detailing his efforts , and defending his conduct , I feel more than ever my own insufficiency for the performance of the task which he alone could adequately fulfill . If any thing can support me under such apprehensions , and upon such an occasion , it is the knowledge I have of those principles , as connected with this subject , which he held invariably until he ceased for ever 306 to think of any thing in this life , of his opinions , as to the means to be used for the purpose of restoring peace and prosperity to this country . It is that knowledge which alone can enable me , or rather encourage me adequately to perform the duty which I owe to his memory , to this house , and to the public . Sir , if I could be confident of a general concurrence in this house on this subject , such as I believe to prevail abroad ; or if I could even trust that this house would follow the example of the other house of parliament in the unanimity of its vote , my task would indeed be grateful and easy ; but I know too well , the severity of criticism which I have to expect from some quarters in this house , and I am too apprehensive of a radical difference of opinion , to entertain that confidence , or to think there will be any such unanimity of sentiment in this house , as to the result of the negociation . I shall therefore endeavour , by as clear and detailed an exposition as I can make of the facts , to shew , that as , on the one hand , the king 's government has , in no instance , committed the honour of the crown , by any manifestation or disposition to make improper concessions and sacrifices so , on the other , it has neglected no means within its power to conclude such a peace as was consistent with