several documents , that it would not other wise be regular to insert in such a collection . As to the enquiry , whether there had been any private letter from Mr. Fox in answer to the letter of the 5th of March , he could not answer , he did not know , and should make enquiry ; but he rather thought that some such answer might have been sent . The next question of the learned gent . was , whether any communication had been made by this government to lord Yarmouth , previous to his leaving France . To this he should answer , none , most certainly not , consistently with his knowledge . As to the date of lord Yarmouth 's communication with M. Talleyrand , he could not precisely answer ; but as that noble lord left Paris on the 23d of May , it must have been previous to that day . The noble lord , in consequence of having been obliged to come round by Morlaix , did not arrive till the 4th of June , and his communication must have been made to Mr. Fox in a very few days after his arrival . It had been made on the 7th or 8th , verbally , and it had afterwards beets deemed necessary to have it reduced to writing , when it was thought advisable to send back lord Yarmouth to Paris , upon receiving an account of the intention of the Russian cabinet to send a minister to that city , in order to 244 have an opportunity of communicating with M. d'Oubril . As to the intervening circumstances , stated by lord Lauderdale , that enabled his majesty to enter into a separate negotiation , the learned gent . must be aware , that M. d'Oubril had concluded a separate treaty on the 20th of July , and that such a circumstance released us from the obligation of not treating separately . Until it could be known whether it would or would not be ratified , it was to be considered the act of the Russian government , and we could not have had any moral certainty , that the cabinet of St. Petersburg would refuse to ratify that treaty . As he had not been prepared for this question , this was all that he could at present answer ; he did not mean , however , to say , that there might not have been other sufficient reasons . The next question of the learned gent . respecting the detailed communications in the correspondence between the secretary of state 's office and lords Yarmouth and Lauderdale , with regard to the efforts for the restitution of Naples to his Sicilian majesty , he should answer by saying , that they had laid all the documents before the house , which they looked upon as necessary , to enable them to form a complete judgment upon the case . There were not many more documents , but those that had not been produced were of such a confidential nature , and upon the subject of the views of his majesty 's government , that it was not thought discreet or wise to publish them , especially as such publication might affect a future negotiation . The last point upon which the learned gent . had desired information was with respect to the terms on which lord Lauderdale was authorized to treat for Russia . The terms had been confidentially communicated to his majesty 's government , and consequently they had not considered themselves at liberty to publish them . But he could have no difficulty in stating , what must appear on the face of the papers , that the terms on which Russia proposed to treat , as stated in the projéet of count Budberg , were that Sicily should be confirmed to his Sicilian majesty , and that Dalmatia should be evacuated by the French . These were all the points to which the learned gent . had adverted , and on these points he had endeavoured to satisfy his enquiries . The learned gent .