while he acquitted in the ful–lest manner the noble lord ( Wellesley ) , had not a doubt upon his mind , that the young prince came to his death by foul and ex–traordinary means.—The motion was then put and carried presented a petition from the debtors confined in the king 's bench prison , praying for such relief as to the house should seem meet . His lordship observed , that , after what passed last .session respecting this subject , it was almost needless for him to say , that it was not his intention to propose any bill for the relief of insolvent debtors . The petition , indeed , did not pray for any such bill , but rather for a general law respecting debtor and creditor , by the operation of which they might be restored to their families . Of the necessity of some law of this nature there could be no doubt ; and he was happy that a s noble friend of his , who had formerly called the attention of the house to this important subject , had again applied his mind to its consideration ; and that , in another place , a part of the subject had been taken up by a gentleman of distinguished talents and benevolence . From these circumstances , he looked forward with the greatest satisfaction to the adop- 1029 tion of some measure respecting this subject , which would have the effect of removing many of these evils which at present existed . He should merely now move that the petition do lie on the table.—Ordered . entreated the indulgence of the house , whilst he endeavoured to state to their lordships the outline of a plan which he wished to propose , with a view of introducing a more equal and equitable system of taxation . At a period like the present , when the great aggrandizement and insatiable ambition of France called upon this country for every exertion that could be made , in order to carry on the war with vigour and effect , when peace was placed at a distance not to be calculated upon , and when all Europe looked to this country as their great stay and hope , it was of the utmost importance to consider how that amount of revenue which must necessarily be had , could be raised with the least pressure upon the people . He objected to the present complicated system of taxation , as not calculated to attain the desired object , and as proceeding upon erroneous data ; at present , whilst taxation pressed heavily upon some classes , others in a great degree escaped . His great object was that it should be borne equally and equitably by all . To effect this , he had formed a plan which was totally novel , and which had never yet either been spoken or written upon . The more he had considered this plan , the more he was convinced of its efficiency , and of the inadequacy of the present system of taxation . He objected to making property the criterion of taxation , because it was difficult to define what property was ; he would only consider property by means of its sign , labour . The great , objection to the tax upon property was , that whilst it got at some descriptions of property , persons engaged in commerce , in manufactures , in professions , and in various speculations , made what returns of property they pleased , and paid accordingly . He wished that taxation should be equal and equitable , and at the same time general and compulsory , not partial and .voluntary . He had made several calculations for the purpose of establishing the efficiency of his plan , the result of which had astonished him , and would no doubt surprize their lordships ; the basis he took was expenditure . Being doubtful whether his voice would enable 1030 him to convey all that he wished to say upon the subject , he had on the preceding day put down his ideas