parties and their allies , '' would clearly keep Sicily in our power ; for what more honourable for us than to secure the dominions of the king of Naples , or for the king of Naples , than to retain them ? 3d , The basis of `` maritime guarantee '' is equally clear in our favour : for is not Sicily a maritime state , and do not we propose to guarantee it to its sovereign ? 4th , The status ante bellum hardly requires to be argued . The French had not Sicily before the war , and they must not have it now . In short , the uti possidetis , that basis for which we contend so earnestly , as peculiarly contrived to secure Sicily , is the only one of which ( as we propose to apply it ) the application is equivocal ; or , I should more truly say , wholly unmaintainable . Sicily ours by occupancy , and claimed from France upon this ground ! Is it possible that we did not see the fallacy and the danger of such a claim ? how untenable on our part ? how prolific of claims of the most immeasurable extent on the part of the enemy ? Sicily ours ! What then becomes of its lawful and actual sovereign , the king of Sicily ? Ours by military occupancy ! Is then the existence of an auxiliary military force in the country of an ally sufficient to transfer the possession of that country from the ally to the auxiliary ? These surely were questions worth weighing.—Indeed , it did strike me that at one time the danger of this sort of claim on our part ( which , however , is not once , but twenty times , repeated ; which is , in truth , interwoven throughout with the doctrine of the uti possidetis ) , had begun to suggest itself to his majesty 's ministers ; for in the dispatch signed by Mr. Windham ( No . 48 p. 181 ) , I find a new and bold construction of M. Talleyrand 's imputed basis ; so bold and so new , that I imagined there must be some good reason for venturing it . Mr. Windham says that the `` basis proposed by France was that of the uti possidetis , for the two powers and their allies in all parts of the world . '' Now as this construction has never been hazarded before , in the whole course of the discussions , from the 14th of June to the 10th of Sept. and as the admission of the words 392 `` and their allies '' is manifestly disadvantageous to us in one respect , inasmuch as by admitting the claims of the allies of France it destroys the whole of the argument arising from our wide and general construction of `` nous ne vous demandons rien , '' in lord Yarmouth 's memorandum ; and of the words `` l'empereur n ' a rien àdésirer de ce que possède l'Angleterre , '' which are brought in aid of that construction from M. Talleyrand 's letter to Mr. Fox of the 7th of April ; I could not but suppose that we had some adequate point to gain by this same admission , and I conceived it to be this ; that having seen reason to doubt the solidity of our claim to Sicily , under the uti possidetis , from our own military occupancy , we were desirous of erecting a new claim , and with a much better grace , on the undisturbed possession of Sicily by its lawful sovereign . But I found myself mistaken . For after having made this bold push for no purpose that I can discover , except it were for that which I ascribed to him , the secretary of state , about ten lines afterwards , reverts to the old ground , and claims Sicily for Great Britain ; '' our actual occupancy of that island ( he says ) brings it fully within the benefit of the uti possidetis