Romances . Upon the whole of the evidence which the papers presented to this house contain , I still contend , that the basis of actual possession is not only not proved to be true , but that the evidence makes out no such proposition , even in the remotest view of the case . To the other parts of the address , I repeat my most cordial and hearty assent ; deeply impressed as I am with the necessity of meeting the dangers of the crisis , and the menaces of our inveterate enemy , with all that firmness , patriotism and spirit , which have ever evinced the marked intrepidity of this country , and preserved inviolate , 293 the purity of the national character . had an anxiety far beyond any personal consideration , that the cause of the country on this great question should stand clear , and its rectitude and truth unquestioned . He was rejoiced to find , than in this enlightened assembly , there was no doubt as to the propriety with which the cause of the country had been conducted that affected any one great principle . He was happy to think that there was no Englishman , who , on reading the papers before their lordships , but would say , with that noble energy which was so well conveyed in the language of the learned lord opposite , that he was unworthy of the name of Englishman , who , after his majesty 's efforts for the restoration of peace had been frustrated , as the papers evinced , by the unprincipled ambition and bad faith of the enemy , would not be content to shed the last drop of his blood in support of the just cause of his majesty and the country . When he had with so much satisfaction heard this grand principle so eloquently enforced , it was with infinite regret that he heard the noble and eloquent lord enter into the consideration of points of such minute importance that they were no better than mere matters of technical form . It was with infinite pain that he should follow the noble and eloquent lord through these petty details . But he said it might seem disrespectful towards the house , if his majesty 's ministers should leave even this part of the objections made to their conduct unanswered and unexplained . Yet if the objection urged by the noble and learned lord were even universally felt , that would not prove that the cause of the country was wrong , or that any error had been committed in the management of the negociation . The most it could amount to would be , that some inaccuracy had been fallen into by those who drew up the Declaration , for he was sure no wilful mis-statement would be suspected , in laying the case before parliament and the public . The noble lord on the other side maintained that there was nothing in the papers on the table to sustain the assertion , that the French government ever proposed to treat upon the basis of the uti possidetis . But even if the noble lord were borne out in his inference , still it would not avail him for the purpose he had in view ; because ministers had other and still stronger grounds upon which to rest . At least the noble lord would allow that 294 nothing appeared in those papers to form even an apology for denying that the proposition of the uti possidetis was acceded to by the French government at the outset . Although he might affirm , as he had done , that the statement in his majesty 's declaration as to this point , was not directly borne out by the documents on the table ; still he would not venture to say that it was directly contradicted . Indeed , it was hardly possible that any candid man would hazard such a contradiction . But , as he had already stated , his majesty 's ministers had other information to proceed upon in forming the declaration which formed