house has accordingly branded your misconduct , by sentencing you to an imprisonment with male factors and felons . At length by your petition it appears that you acknowledge your offence , and express your contrition : the ends therefore of public justice are attained ; and it remains only for you , by a sacred regard to veracity , through the remainder of your life , to 1056 endeavour at redeeming yourself in some degree from the heavy disgrace into which you have fallen . In compliance with your petition , this house has ordered that you be now discharged ; and you are discharged accordingly . '' Ordered , nem . con. , that the said reprimand be entered in the journal of this house.—Lord Howick presented the following message from the king : viz . `` G. R. His majesty thinks proper to acquaint the house of commons , that a treaty of peace has been concluded between his majesty and the king of Prussia , a copy of which , as soon as the ratification thereof shall have been exchanged , his majesty will communicate to this house . And his majesty thinks it proper further to apprise this house , that his majesty 's minister , who signed that treaty , has , in pursuance of an authority granted to him by his majesty for that purpose , and in consequence of the great urgency of the state of affairs in those countries , which are now the seat of war , taken upon himself to make an advance of money to the Prussian government , to the amount of about 80,000l. , which advance his majesty has been pleased to approve ; and he trusts that this house will enable him to make good the same . G. R. '' On the motion of lord Howick , the above message was ordered to be referred to a committee of supply . moved , that the order of the day for taking into consideration the petition of James Paull , esq . be now read . begged leave to make one observation before the order should be read . He had heard that it was the intention of certain gentlemen , during the investigation , to insist upon the exclusion of strangers . He was aware , in an allusion of this kind , that he was not strictly confining himself within the prescribed limits of order , but his situation was a peculiar one ; assailed in the most public manner , he earnestly wished that his defence should be as public . He was anxious not only that his conduct should be known to all , but that all should be enabled to understand the mean and perfidious calumnies that aspersed it . said , that he held in his hand 3 petitions from some most respectable gentlemen , who , feeling themselves grossly traduced by the allegations set forth in the petition of Mr. Paul ] , prayed to be allowed to meet and confront such alle- 1057 gations ; to give their evidence at the bar of the house touching the proceedings during and since the late election for Westminster . Mr. Moore then alluded to the extraordinary petition that had been on the last night presented by an hon . member ( Mr. Biddulph ) , and said that he had it in his power to prove by evidence at the bar , that the mode resorted to for the purpose of obtaining signatures to that petition was a foul fraud against the very respectable electors of Westminster , whose names had been thereunto subscribed.—He then presented a petition to the purport above mentioned , signed Henry Burgess , James Wallis , F. Homan , and A. Johnston . thought the petitions premature , as they seemed to pre-suppose the allegations in Mr. Paull 's petition already substantiated . was convinced that the noble lord did not mean any thing unfair or dishonourable , and that therefore he could not mean to summon witnesses against him , and deny him the opportunity of refuting their assertions by opposite testimony .