, that fresh importations are necessary to keep up the present population of the islands , completely fails . But then we are told that fresh importations are necessary in order to cultivate new lands . My lords , to encourage the continuance of the trade for this purpose is to ruin the planters of your islands : are they not now distressed by the accumulation of produce on their hands , for which they can not find a market ; and will it not therefore be adding to their distress , and leading the planters on to their ruin , if you suffer the continuance of fresh importations ? Even , however , on the supposition that the cultivation of the waste lands in Jamaica , or nearly the whole extent of the island of Trinidad , could produce profit to the planters , is it to be endured that this detestable traffic is to be continued , and such a mass of human misery produced , not to prevent loss but to create gain ? My lords , according to a very moderate calculation , to bring into cultivation the waste lands in the islands of Jamaica , the slave trade must be continued for two or three centuries longer , and , to cultivate nearly the whole island of Trinidad , a much lunge period , whilst it would take a million of those unfortunate beings from Africa to cultivate each island ; to cultivate Trinidad even a greater number . Were it possible , my lords , that these two millions of human beings could be collected together at the same time , and that they could be contemplated with the reflection that they were to be torn from their families and their friends , that every social tie was to be broke asunder , that they were to be delivered over to barbarity and oppression , and were to endure the greatest misery that it is possible for human beings to suffer ; would it be endured by any one of your lordships , that a traffic productive of so much misery should be continued for an instant ? would it not soften the obdurate heart of the greatest barbarian that ever tyrannized in a slave ship ? We were told , however , yesterday , by the learned counsel at the bar , that fresh importations were necessary , in order that the slaves might be more easily governed ; we were told of the favourite maxim of divide et impera , and that by fresh importations the slaves were more readily divided into classes , and more easily kept 660 in order than one body of natives . My opinion is directly the contrary . Fresh importations are surely more likely to put those negroes already on the island in mind of the injustice they had previously suffered , and there is little difficulty in communicating a sense of injustice and oppression from man to man . Prohibit fresh importations , and let the negroes already on the islands be well treated and properly protected , and they will become sensible of the protection and kindness extended to them , and gradually lose their feelings of the original injustice practised upon them . The horrors of St. Domingo have been , however , presented to our view ; but to what are they to be attributed ? to the violation of solemn promises , to the breach of faith towards the negroes , and the gross injustice practised towards them . My lords , so far from the abolition of the slave trade having a tendency to produce those horrors in our islands , I contend that it is the only measure that can prevent them . I have endeavoured to prove , my lords , that the continuance of this trade is unnecessary , with a view to the present state of the population of the islands , as that can support itself ; that to suffer it to continue for the purpose of cultivating new lands , will be certain ruin to the planters , and that the abolition of the