hon . gent . came into power , his determination appeared to keep pace with his former opinion , and he expressed his sanguine expectations of obtaining an army , great as the important crisis in which we were now placed , demanded . The late right hon . secretary for the war department , had also gone so far as to express indignation at the limits which he ( lord Castlereagh ) had proposed to set to the augmentation , and spurned the idea of any bounds to it . He had called on the country to rouse from the slumber in which it had so long been sunk , and endeavour to regain its ancient military character.—Under all these sanctions , he was justified in contending , that it was the general opinion that the national interests imperatively required a great augmentation of the army , and that no means should be left untried to accomplish this important object . The country had a right to expect the accomplishment of this object from his majesty 's present ministers . Above all , they had a right to expect it from the right hon . secretary for the war department , who , both in the late adminis- 484 tration , and in that of lord Sidmouth , had said that those administrations should be disgraced and degraded for the inefficiency of their military measures . He had contended that they should be successively displaced . For what ? —To make room for a government having his countenance , and in whom the empire could repose with confidence their trust of forming an army adequate to the interests of this country , and the situation of Europe . What had been the increase of our military strength ? He would compare it with the right hon . gent . 's idea of the increase necessary ; he would compare the right hon . gent . with himself ; he would compare his administration with the administrations that had incurred his pointed censures . Our effective military strength , rank and file , on the 1st of March , 1805 , ( when the change of government took place , ) was 248,782 ; ( by some error in the papers laid on the table , it was stated , at 249,627 ; but the former was the correct number ; ) on the 1st of January , 1806 , our effective military strength , rank and file , was 254,665 , being an increase of about 5000 . Our regular army at the former period was 173,600 ; at the latter period , 178,500 , being an increase of between 4 and 5 thousand . Now , if this increase were compared with the impressions which his majesty 's ministers had declared that they felt of the necessity of a considerable augmentation , it would evince a most miserable failure ; but , on looking at the recruiting account , the subject would appear in a still worse light . It would be seen that , between January and June 1806 , 5,834 men had been raised by the operation of Mr. Pitt 's bill , the Additional Defence act ; 3,600 had been raised by it between the 1st of March and the 24th of June , during the time when it was languishing and dying away under the threats of destruction announced against it by his majesty 's ministers . It was , nevertheless , evident that , but for the operation of that bill , the actual state of the army would not have been increased one man since parliament last deliberated on the subject , and since the present government came into power . Had it not been for this bill , and the recruiting from the Irish militia ( which produced 3000 men ) , the right hon . gent . would have met parliament under the degraded and melancholy stigma not only of having neglected to increase our army , but of having suffered it to be wasted under circumstances which 485 called upon the country for greater military exertions than it had