allies . My lords , I feel it due to myself , and to the house , to state my views with respect to the war in which we are engaged , and with respect to the means which we have to support it . No man can possibly be more anxious for the restoration of peace to this country and to the world , if peace could be obtained upon terms consistent with security and honour . For peace , I agree with the noble lord , great sacrifices might be made , if it was likely to be permanent , and would afford in any way a proper compensation for these sacrifices . Though I think , my lords , that foreign conquests are not to be yielded lightly , though I think that the conquest of colonies may be very advantageous to the country to a certain extent , and that these are undoubtedly of great value , as the means of procuring a safe and permanent peace , yet I am not one of 274 those who think that our colonial possessions ought to be extended indefinitely . Colonies are undoubtedly valuable to a commercial country , but they are not valuable to us beyond what we can protect and govern . We ought to consider what are our own means , what our military force is , and what it may be made . Every thing that is beyond what we can protect and govern is only a delusive power , or rather a source of weakness . But after all , my lords , the great question as to peace is , could it possibly be obtained ? Could we , consistently with the honour and interests of our country , conclude a peace with the French government at the present moment ? Now , there are two points to be considered here . First , what was the situation of the continent at the commencement of the treaty with France in 1801 ? It was certainly very different from what it is now . At that time Holland and Switzerland , though subject to the influence of France , were not completely united to it . Naples was entire , and Austria , though she had lost much of her military reputation , was still a great power . Whatever she had lost in point of military character , she was , in point of population and extent of territory , equal to what she had been at the commencement of the war with France . It was said then , that the best chance for the salvation of Europe was in peace . We were powerful at sea , the French were powerful on the continent . This great power they had acquired owing to the energies which were roused by the French revolution , to which a military direction had been given . The advantages which they possessed , arose out of the particular circumstances in which they were placed , and were not natural , but artificial . History proves , my lords , that when a military direction is given to the energies of a people called forth by the peculiar circumstances attending great and general revolutions , they are then commonly most formidable to their neighbours . Many therefore thought , and I confess I joined in the opinion , that if France was left to herself , her power would sink to its natural level . This was one powerful motive for concluding a peace , which appeared to be highly desirable , provided the state of things in Europe could be left as they were at the time . Now , however , all the states to which I have alluded , have been either completely subdued by France , or reduced within comparatively narrow limits . In 1801 there 275 was another object in view . We wished to try the feelings of France , and to find out what would be the policy of its government upon the restoration of peace . There were two ways in which that government might act , and