falsehood , which was propagated by craft , and shrunk from enquiry , that could alone affect his interest . With regard to the charges against him , contained in the petition before the house , he did not know whether it would be decent to say that every word of them was a gross falsehood . But this he knew , that he was fully prepared to shew at the bar , if permitted to prove , that all the witnesses examined at the bar were forsworn , but that , he said , would be mat–ter for future observation rather wished the house should not separate without some farther proceeding upon the subject of the petition . As to the doctrine of notices , he did not conceive it by any means so sacred as the noble lord professed to think . It certain–ly was not a settled practice , or a standing order , although it had of late been general–ly observed . This practice , therefore , need not be adhered to on the present oc–casion . His desire was to avoid any un–necessary delay , and that the noble lord should at once move to refer the petition to the committee of privileges ; and after 1002 such motion , he would then suggest to the noble lord the propriety of appointing a day for the house to resolve itself into such committee . He was sorry , as the noble lord adhered to notices , that he did not , on some former day , give notice of this petition , and then there could be no reason for the delay that noble lord now proposed . Without entering at present into the general merits of the petition , he had no hesitation in saying that there was one part of the prayer with which he could not concur . Indeed , it would be quite unusual to introduce counsel upon such an occasion . But independently of custom , the house must feel that it would be incon–sistent with its dignity to have counsel at its bar , discussing the nature of its own privileges , and the means of preserving them . That part of the prayer of the pe–tition , therefore , he should feel it his duty to oppose . He again said , that he should wish the noble lord to proceed at once upon this important question observed , that as the house had already ordered the petition to lie on the table , it was now too late to make any other order was not aware that it had ever been the practice to give any no–tice of the intention to present a petition . If such had been the custom , the noble secretary would not have had to express any regret on this occasion . The only no–tice which he understood custom to re–quire , he had not neglected in this instance , namely , that of apprising the individual concerned of his intention to present such a petition . For he himself left a note the preceding day at the house of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) acquainting him of his intention of presenting the peti–tion this day . With respect to the nature of his future proceeding , he felt some difficulty in determining , in consequence of the declaration which the house had just heard from the noble secretary of state , as he had calculated upon the necessity and propriety of counsel to examine the witnes–ses . This new difficulty rendered him of course still less capable of proceeding with the promptitude which the noble secretary professed to desire , At this desire he could not help feeling some astonishment , consi–dering how much the doctrine of notices had been often insisted upon , recollecting , indeed , that the neglect of previous notice had been sometimes deemed a fatal objection to the adoption of a motion . But to return to 1003 the noble secretary 's wish for proceeding that night , the fact was , that such a course would serve to render the