in finding out proper objects of taxation , as a proof that new taxes could not be raised . But he fully admitted that it was highly expedient to impose no new taxes , for the present , if it could be avoided . This was his opinion , and it was sanctioned by that of the noble lord 's predecessor . New taxes to any great extent would occasion a very heavy pressure on the people at present . Then what other resources were there ? There were two , namely , the war taxes and the sinking fund . His noble friend ( Castlereagh ) objected to the plan of compound loans . But whether the borrowing was from the consolidated fund or the war taxes , there must be supplementary loans . To a certain extent , therefore , he saw no objection to borrowing from the war taxes . But he must object to the system of pledging the whole of the war taxes , independent of the property tax , and at last the property tax also . The noble lord ought to borrow only on such as might be supposed to yield their fullest amount in time of peace . He might continue the war for five years , by borrowing 799 on this portion of the war taxes . The sum of 11 millions might be annually borrowed in this way , or 13 millions , if necessary , and for those sums the permanently productive war taxes , with the expiring annuities , would afford an ample provision for five years . He thought the war taxes ought not to be pledged to a greater amount , as it was contrary to the policy of this country . The convoy tax , for instance , could not properly continue beyond the duration of the war . The taxes on tea and spirits also would certainly be diminished in their amount during peace . Could the noble lord possibly expect that these would always yield their present amount ? He surely could not , and yet this plan took the whole of these taxes at their highest amount . The noble lord might so manage as to increase the amount of the war taxes , when the loans must be procured on disadvantageous terms , and diminish their amount when the loans could be contracted for on easy terms . He ought to recollect the nature of his system of ways and means . He ought to consider the furious objections made to the property tax , which was called a system not of taxation , but of confiscation . He ought therefore to pause before he pledged this and other taxes.—But if he had great doubts as to the propriety of pledging the war taxes to the full extent proposed by the noble lord , he had still stronger doubts respecting the data on which the plan was founded . The noble lord supposed that the war expenses would not exceed 32 millions annually during the whole period . He could not reasonably conclude that there was any probability that this would be the case . He ought to have taken into account the subsidies that might be wanted , and the depreciation of money which must take place in the course of that time . It was true that the noble lord had stated , that for subsidies a distinct provision must be made , but at the same time they ought rather to have been taken into the general account of expenditure , as it was unusual to provide for subsidies distinctly by that name . The right hon . gent . then stated his objection to the system of the accumulation of the sinking fund , and providing for the loans at 5 per cent . instead of one per cent . according to the old plan , as it afforded an undue advantage to the stockholder , at the expense of the public . He had great objections to the plan of accumulation adopted in 1802 . It never was 800 the object of the original proposer of