the honour , prosperity , and interests of the country . I do not know whether , on the present occasion , it will be necessary to shew to the house that , at the time of opening the late negociation , peace was in itself desirable . This , as a general proposition , is always true ; peace is always desirable . The only true and legitimate end of war is a safe and honourable peace . But the question will be , whether we stood in a situation , at the moment of opening the negociation , that we could open it with a hope of obtaining such terms as , under all circumstances , the country had a right to expect . I think it will hardly be denied , that after the failure of the third coalition , after the fatal day of Austerlitz , peace , if it could have been obtained without any important sacrifices , which should place us in a worse situation as to the renewal of a war to which we might be provoked by the injustice of the enemy—if such a peace could have been obtained , I think that , merely with a view to the temporary repose of the world , it would have been desirable . If it would have been desirable , then , upon what principle ought the negociation to have been 307 entered into ? And here I must refer to the principle stated in Mr. Fox 's first letter to M. Talleyrand , in answer to the first overture , `` that a peace , to be advantageous to the two countries , should be negociated on principles honourable to both , and , at the same time , of a nature , as far as possible , to secure the future tranquillity of Europe . '' This principle is what I wish the house to keep in mind , because it is that which was invariably pursued by his majesty 's ministers . It was that which they made the basis of the negociation . They insisted , first , that we should treat in conjunction With our ally the emperor of Russia ; and , in the next place , that the negociation should be conducted upon the basis of actual possession , because they thought that a negociation , to be honourable , should be equal , and , to be equal , it is necessary that at the outset each party should acknowledge that neither is in a situation to be under the necessity of purchasing peace of the other on terms of humiliation , or any other disadvantage ; and this I say results as a necessary corollary from that principle laid down by Mr. Fox , in the outset , in his answer to the overture of M. Talleyrand for peace , that the peace should be honourable to both countries and their respective allies , and secure , as far as possible , the tranquillity of Europe . Then let us see how this matter stands at the outset of the negociation . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) upon a former occasion said , that there were three points to be made out by his majesty 's ministers : First , that the first overture came from the enemy ; next , that the negociation was instituted on the basis of actual possession ; thirdly , that we should act only in concert with our allies . Sir , as to the first point , I think it has been proved . I do not know whether the right hon . gent . means to recur to the truly fanciful argument he threw out , that we should shew something that came from the French government , prior to the letter of Mr. Fox , on the subject of the assassin . I should suppose he does not think it necessary I should shew the existence of such a fact . In answer to that letter there came an overture for a friendly discussion ; that is stated to have