rendered it degrading in us to enter into a negociation with America . But to this he would only say , that whether it was right or not to enter into the negociation , or what the circumstances were under which it commenced , were questions which he should not much enquire about , if the treaty should be found such as consistently with the honour and interest of the country ought to have been concluded . If , however the learned gent . thought the commencement of the negociation so very disgraceful to the country , why did he not last session of parliament , when he had not so much information upon the subject as he had at present , move an address to his majesty for the removal of those ministers , who could have involved the country in a proceeding so dishonourable as to treat with a nation which held a hostile tone ? —But to return to the measure of forbearance and moderation in the order alluded to in the motion , and of which the learned gent . so loudly complained ; he would again seriously ask him , whether he would prefer the country to retaliate any proceeding of the French government which might be dictated by hostility to us ? If so , he must be betrayed into gross inconsistency , and something more , for he must recollect the decree of 1798 , already referred to ; but still more , he must recollect the sanguinary decree issued at the early part of the revolution , ordering that no quarter should be given to English soldiers , and that no retaliation was attempted to either . Where , indeed , could the man be found in this country , capable of proposing reprisal for the latter ? Nothing of the kind was ever mentioned in this country , and it was found in France that the order could not be reduced to practice . Such also , he had no doubt , would be the fate of the decree under discussion , and that the commerce of this country would be the best consulted , and its prosperity most securely preserved , by a perseverance on our part in that system of forbearance 654 and moderation which we had heretofore pursued , and to which those flourishing circumstances which the noble lord so often brought forward his numerous accounts to prove , were so materially attributable . That by continuing this system , we should continue to prosper , he had not the least doubt , notwithstanding the violent decree of the enemy , unless , it were determined , by adopting the learned gentleman 's advice , to assist the views of that enemy for the destruction of our commerce . Really , he knew nothing to which to compare the learned gent . 's advice on this subject , but to an old story he had once heard of a poor man who wished to get some cocoa-nuts . So he sat about throwing stones and rubbish at a monkey which he perceived in a cocoa-tree , and the little animal in revenge flung the cocoa-nuts at him . So the learned gent . in revenge for the provocations of Buonaparte would fling the commerce of England at him . Under all the circumstances of the case before the house , the noble lord trusted that the conduct of ministers would not be judged of upon imperfect evidence , and that they would not be called upon to assent to the production of a public document , upon such grounds as had never before been recognized or assented to . He demanded , on the part of ministers , no more confidence from parliament than was necessary to enable them to execute the duties of their offices . If they were undeserving of that confidence , they were unworthy of those offices , and ought to be removed . To make a motion at once to that effect , would , in his judgement , be a more fair and manly mode of attack than to submit such a