separate in form '' we know they unfortunately were ; and how should the court of Berlin guess that they were `` in substance '' united ? And under this impression it is that the noble lord expresses his astonishment and indignation at the conduct of that court—that he admires the rashness , the want of common sense , the absolute madness and infatuation of Prussia in not having thrown herself altogether upon the courts of Petersburgh and London : —Upon two courts , of whom she only knew that they were engaged in separate negociations , —of whose concert with each other therefore she could entertain no reasonable belief ; and further , that as far as related to herself , they were each in their respective treaty , stipulating something disadvantageous to Prussia ! Would not the infatuation , the folly , the childish credulity of Prussia have been much rather to be admired , it with no other data than these she had formed the rash opinion that to the courts of Petersburgh and London she could safely betake herself for succour ? —And if at the same time at which this undoubted fact of the separate negociations with M. D'Oubril and lord Yarmouth was communicated by M. Talleyrand to the Prussian minister at Paris , M. Talleyrand had ( as no doubt he had ) the goodness further to communicate in confidence that sentence of the English secretary of state 's letter of the 8th of April , in which Mr. Fox declares his persuasion that `` the project of a new combination against France is utterly chimerical , '' —then I would be glad to know what rational Prussian could have advised his king to look for aid against France from the joint counsels and exertions of two powers , who were notoriously pursuing courses separate from , and independent of , each other ; but each separately and respectively hostile to Prussia : and of whom one , and that the one which had been hitherto the soul of all confederacies against France , had voluntarily confessed to France herself that the day of such confederacies was gone by , and that the attempt to revive them would be utterly chimerical : —I trust that in all alliances which this country may hereafter contract , whether for war or for negocia- 382 tion with France , it will be remembered , that though good faith between the contracting parties be much , it is not all ; that such a connection loses half its value , as well as half its sanctity , when it is not avowed in the eyes of the world ; that what we appear anxious to conceal , or afraid to acknowledge ourselves , will not readily be believed or trusted in others ; that `` separately in form , but substantially in concert , '' is a form of treaty which has all the disadvantages of combination , without any of the advantages for which combination is most to be prized . Had we treated `` formally , '' —as well as `` substantially , —in concert , '' M. D'Oubril could never have signed his separate treaty ; even had we been `` substantially , '' —as well as `` formally , —separate , '' we at least should not have been subject to the awkward and difficult suspense which followed that signature . This difficulty , however , was undoubtedly well worth incurring for the benefit of effectual concert ; but how could that concert be effectual , which was known to none but the parties who concealed it , and to the enemy who stipulated for its concealment in order that he might deny it , and which presented to all other nations no other appearance than that of disunion of councils and diversity of objects ? —I come now to the last of the three points , upon which the noble lord expects to find me satisfied , the assertion in his majesty 's declaration , that France proposed to treat on the basis of the uti possidetis . And upon this , with