Ireland . Another amendment he had to propose , would relate to the expence of clerks . At present they were allowed at the rate of sixpence for every 72 words , which gave them an interest in protracting the enquiry ; and it had happened that such protraction had extended so far , that although the receipt of the commissioners , who were barristers , did not exceed 200l. , that of the clerks amounted to no less than 800l . But it was his intention to reduce the allowance to the clerks from 6d . to 3d . for every 72 words , which would of course reduce their interest in the protraction of the proceedings . The last point of the proposed change the right hon . baronet stated to be the natural result of a case which had occurred in Ireland , where between 3 and 400 voters , forming almost the whole of those who had polled at the election , had 438 been objected to , and of course taken to attend the commission at a considerable expence to the party interested , although not more than 50 or 60 of those votes had ever been enquired into at all . The remedy he should propose for this evil would be , that when a party objected to any voters , the specific grounds of the objection shall be stated , and unless such objection be sustained by evidence , it shall be declared frivolous and vexatious by the commission , and the party advancing such frivolous and vexatious objection obliged to pay the expence incurred in consequence by his opponent . This provision , he believed , would serve to diminish , if not to remove , an evil too often practised , and which the spirit of litigation only could prompt men to inflict upon their adversaries.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . Lord Castlereagh , in pursuance of the notice which he had given on a former day , rose to submit his motions to the house . It was a satisfaction to him to find that no objection was likely to be made to the production of any of the returns for which he proposed to move . It would unquestionably be more satisfactory to the house , that no argument should be produced upon the subject to which his motions referred , until the documents he was to call for should be before the house . It was , therefore , not his intention to submit any reasoning to the house upon the question in the present stage . He should confine himself to a short statement of the points upon which he desired information , and to which his several motions would go . The first point upon which he thought it necessary to call for information , was the actual state of the army , regulars , and militia . His first motion , therefore , would be for a return of the present actual effective strength of the regular army , the militia , and the artillery , up to the latest period when returns had been made , and at the end of every month from the first of March l806 , inclusive . By this return the house would be enabled to judge how far the army had undergone any increase or diminution of its effective strength within that period . The next point upon which he proposed to move for information , was with respect to the sources , from which the supply for keeping up the strength of the army , was derived . By this return the house would be able to form some 439 opinion of the sources of supply which formerly existed , to see what part of them still continued , and what part of the existing sources of supply had produced the greatest increase , as well as the policy of continuing or altering any part of them . The two motions which he meant to bring forward on these heads would put the house in possession of full information respecting the general state of