; thereby following the mode of demonstration ascribed by Mr. Locke to a certain class of unhappy people , who always reason right from wrong principles . ( A laugh . ) —I am perfectly willing to pay every tribute to the eloquence of the noble lord , and his right hon . friend . I can not , however , but deeply lament , that it should , at such a moment , be employed in obstructing that unanimity so essential to the interests of the country , and which gentlemen themselves profess to have so much at heart ; for , surely , there never was a period in the annals of our history , when unanimity was so imperiously demanded : for a nation , no more than a house , divided against itself , can long stand . But I am not so romantic as to suppose that political hostility shall be for ever buried in oblivion . I had only hoped it would have been allowed to sleep , till the great object of national security was perfect and complete . I am aware , sir , that in a free country like this , an opposition is a whole–some check upon ministers : if so , the greater the talents in opposition , the more effectual the check . Now , as every man must admit the present opposition to pos–sess great talents , it follows , as a natural corollary , that , the longer the present gen- 539 tlemen remain in that state , the better for their country . ( A laugh . ) But , to give them greater weight , I would humbly recom–mend they should adopt the words , as they have done the arguments , of M. Talleyrand , and make them serve as a proemium to their speeches against the treasury bench— '' nous ne vous demandons rien ; '' in plain English , `` we seek for nothing that you possess . '' ( A laugh . ) The noble lord alluded to the negociation , which I am the more surprised at , after the unanimous vote of the house , approving of the measures that had been taken to up–hold the character of the country in that transaction . The proposition originated with France—the negociation commenced under auspices the most propitious At the head of the foreign department was that minister ( Mr. Fox ) whose loss the nation so justly deplores—a man who , amid the endowments of a mighty mind , was peculiarly gifted with those qualities which fitted him for negociation in difficult times . To a vast , comprehensive , and cultivated understanding , he joined the most intimate knowledge of the various interests of Europe , a suavity of manner , and a spirit of conciliation , engaged foreign ministers to treat , while his probity and known honour insured the confidence of their masters . Devoid of guile , he had nothing equivocal in his conduct—nothing ambiguous in his language . He moved straight onward to his object , without turning aside into the winding ways of crooked policy or left-handed wisdom . There was nothing counterfeit in him—his affability flowed from the heart—his natural greatness required not the aid of assumed arrogance to give him consequence ; he was too great to be haughty , too wise to be cunning . He was one of the few statesmen who knew the value of that adage , which , though homely , is true in politics as in morals , that `` honesty is the best policy . '' Far be it from me to at–tempt his praise ; it would require powers gigantic as his own to do him justice . Were he living , I should be silent . I never received favours at his hand . I leave it to those who have , to treat his memory lightly . I speak of him , as a man who loves his country must do , whilst deploring its brightest ornament . ( Hear ! hear ! ) If Mr. Fox were qualified for negociation