supposed . Let him look at the date of Mr. Fox 's letter to Talleyrand , in which it is admitted that there was no longer any chance of organizing a combination against France on the Continent , and he would find that the treaty of offensive and defensive alliance betwen Prussia and France was signed one month before the date of that letter . It was impossible , then , that any communication of the negociation made by France , could have instigated Prussia to her subsequent rash conduct . The right hon . gent . had said that he would look at no evidence of lord Yarmouth 's , but the paper he communicated to his majesty 's government ; but the right hon . gent . must know that the paper to which he referred was a memorandum of a verbal communication . Why then so much objection to this verbal evidence ? The hon . gent . considered Sicily as an exception to the basis of the uti possidetis . In this instance , however , the enemy had been more liberal , for , on the subject of that island , M. Talleyrand had said to lord Yar- 413 mouth , `` vous l'avez , nous ne vous la demandons pas . '' It was difficult to discover upon what ground the right hon . gent . supposed the French negociators denied that the basis of uti possidetis had been admitted . Let him look at the papers , and he would find it stated by lord Lauderdale , that when the admission of that basis was urged by lord Yarmouth , general Clarke did not deny it , but pretended that it had been talked of in loose conversations , which he described as `` romans politiques . '' This was certainly a very different thing from a denial . If a bill was presented to the right hon . gent . for acceptance , and he was to say , that when he put his name to it , he meant nothing but a joke , that surely would not amount to a denial of his having accepted it . He would in that case at least acknowledge the face of his having signed the bill . The noble lord then applauded the zeal displayed throughout the negociation by lord Yarmouth , but regretted that he had produced his full powers before he received a satisfactory answer respecting Sicily , though in that instance he did full credit to the good intentions of his noble friend , as well as in every other stage of the transactions . In reply to what had fallen from his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , he contended that no change of system had taken place in his majesty 's government after what was called the political death of Mr. Fox . If his hon . friend would compare the instructions given to lord Yarmouth with the first demand made by lord Lauderdale on his arrival in Paris , he would find the basis of the uti possidetis distinctly mentioned in both . This was a proof that the principle of the negociation remained unaltered . To the assertion of the credulity of ministers , it was only necessary to oppose a contrary assertion , since it was incumbent on those who maintained that opinion , to point out the instances in which his majesty 's ministers had been duped ; no such thing had however , been attempted . Every negociation was liable to some disadvantage , from the suspence it occasioned , and at a time when there was an active concert of allied powers against a common enemy , it might prove injurious ; but at the same time , when the third coalition had been destroyed , what injury of this kind could arise ? If France had any sinister object in protracting the negociation , it could only be the separation of this country and Russia But did she succeed , or were his majesty 's 414 ministers in that instance duped by the enemy ? The noble lord lamented