more injury would be done to the stockholders , than by the former system , or either of the plans pro–posed by him . He wished to make a few verbal amendments in the resolutions now before the house , in order to put the house fully in possession of his views . Upon the fullest consideration , he saw no reason to alter the opinion he had at first formed of the noble lord 's plan , and his objections to it were rather confirmed and increased , than diminished.—The further consideration of all the resolutions was then de–ferred till Monday fortnight . The whole of the Resolutions moved by the noble lord were as follow : and spoke as follows : —Pursuant to a notice I gave en a former day , I riser sir , to call the attention of the house to the subject of the Carnatic . The papers which I think necessary for the elucidation of that subject , and which will be specified in the motion I shall have the honour of making , and to which , I trust , there will be no objection , since they have al–ready been laid upon the table of this house , and remained there for a considera–ble time—the papers alluded to were cal–led for by an hon . gent . not now a member of this house , and they were moved for originally on reasons which I hope will ap–ply now . After a short statement of the case , I am inclined to believe there will be no objection to my motion , because the documents it calls for are necessary for the purpose of justice , as well towards the par–ty accused , as to the accuser . When the motion was formerly made on this subject , the facts were then recent in the recollec–tion of the house , from the history of the transactions which was then given . Sir , it is in the recollection of almost every man , that intelligence arrived in this country , of the death of Omdut ul Omrah , commonly called the nabob of the Carnatic , and of the circumstances of his lineal successor , as he would have been by the Mahomedan law , being dethroned , and another placed in his room . Many persons acquainted with Indian politics , perfectly well know the circumstances attending that deposition—but none could reconcile the act on any principle of justice ; for every one knew , from the youth of the prince , as well as from his mode of conduct , that the act could not have arisen out of any pro–ceedings of his own . He had not had an 1019 opportunity of doing any one act of govern–ment , before the Indian presidencies had adopted a line of policy which had depri–ved him of the Musnud . Enquiries were accordingly made into the subject , and that young prince found a very able advo–cate in the right hon . gent . opposite to me , ( Mr. Sheridan , ) and also in an hon . gent . not now a member of this house . Upon that occasion the enquiry took up a considerable length of time , the number of pa–pers moved for swelled to a very consider–able size , and the subject was interrupted by the dissolution of the late parliament . It is unnecessary for me to enter into any discussion on the propriety of renewing the con–sideration of this important subject , much less is it necessary for me to enquire into the motives which could induce the right hon . gent . who had once brought the sub–ject before the house , to relinquish it , since it is not in my power to know the mo–tives that might influence his conduct . I am well assured , from the general tenour and habits of his political life , nothing could have induced him to decline bringing forward the subject that is inconsistent with his notions of public duty ; yet it is impossible not to perceive that the right hon .