the country possessed , and the mode in which those means had been managed and applied , Now ; it was most extraordinary that in reading the speech , and the history of the last year , no one could suspect that the country was at war . There was not a feature of war in the speech , nor an act of war during the last year , in which government could assume any credit . There had not been even a single warlike plan , much less any warlike achievement . As for the internal defence of the country , a most laboured scheme had been brought forward last 53 session , and when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) by whom it had been produced , had been repeatedly questioned whether or not it was intended to put it in execution , the answer was uniformly in the affirmative . In no single parish , however , had the slightest step been taken towards this end ; and yet it was a reliance on this scheme that had been held out to induce parliament to allow the volunteers to crumble away , the militia to be diminished , and the regular army to be sent experimenting . And what kind of experimenting ? We had heard of a great statesman , who stripped the country of troops , which he employed on various active services , and then boasted that he defended it at a distance . Could the gentlemen opposite make a similar boast ? After orders , and counterorders , and confirmations of orders , and revocations of confirmations , and countermands , & c. & c. & c. an expedition actually did sail from the Downs , and arrived—where ? at Plymouth ! Certainly a place not very well provided with means of defence ; and had this same expedition proceeded to some possession of the enemy not superior in strength to Plymouth , they very possibly might have succeeded in taking it . But perhaps this was meant as an experiment . It might have been said , `` We 'll sail from the Downs , land at Plymouth , and surprize the dockers . '' It is prudent to try to swim upon a table , before committing oneself to the waves . The right hon . gent . was not accustomed to salt water , and he wished to begin with fresh . But could the country forget the loudness of his accusations against his predecessors for what he termed their supineness and neglect ? Yet what had he himself done ? When war was raging in Prussia , our peace minister was on his return ! The whole amount of the right hon . gent . 's campaign was a fire-work before Boulogne , and— ( yet that wanted confirmation ) —an embarkation on the Paddington canal . But for the uncommon openness of the weather , it is probable that his army would have been frozen up at Uxbridge— ( a laugh ) . But these were not the heaviest charges against the right hon . gent . That right hon . gent . had declared it as his opinion , that in all military establishments , it was not the form , but the soul , the spirit , the nice sense of honour , that were to be cultivated and encouraged . Now , was not that right hon . gent . aware , that by partial measures , he had disgusted and dispirited the army more 54 than he had improved their character by the monopoly of shoulder-knots and cockades ? The report of their discontent must have reached him . If not , it was time that he should be told of it . Let him recollect the recall of officers who had nobly fought and conquered for their country . Was sir John Stuart 's being superseded by the brother of a secretary of state ( Gen. Fox ) , calculated to give animation and enthusiasm to the army ? And when an expedition was ready for embarkation , were