impression on his mind , that , considering the necessity for the passing of this bill was not , on the score of morality , so overruling as to leave no option , he could not forbear , consistently with his sense of duty , to resist it . As those gentlemen who supported this bill , were anxious to wash their hands of the guilt which appeared to them to attach to the traffic it proposed to abolish , so he was equally anxious to wash his hands of the consequences which that abolition , in his judgement , threatened to produce . said , when a man of such enlightened mind , and such known humanity as his right hon . friend , thought it necessary to get up at that hour to state his perseverance in his opposition to the abolition , .and to his own original sentiments , he felt it incumbent on him to declare his conviction of the justice and truth of the uniform consent he had given to the sentiments , and the propriety of the support he had given to the efforts of the hon . gent . who was the chief promoter of that measure , ( Mr. Wilberforce ) . The able speeches he had heard in the recent discussions confirmed the opinions he had entertained , The same exploded arguments , the same groundless and disproved assertions which had been so often refuted on former occasions , were all that could be now advanced against this bill . The cruelties , incapable of being exaggerated by any . mouth or mind , which the house was called upon to abolish , were inherent in the thing , and not the result of the individual disposition of the planters , many of whom were , he was sure , men of great humanity . The islands had had sufficient warning , and if they were not prepared for the abolition of the trade now , they never would . If we abolished the trade on our part , we should have done our duty , and given to other na 1052 tions the example of theirs . It was complained , that too much feeling and too much passion had been carried into this discussion . He complained ; on the contrary , that it had been made too little a question of feeling , and that it had been made almost intirely a matter of cold calculations . Of profit and loss between English money and African blood . It was thought necessary to prove to the house , that the country could not lose by abstaining from murder . It had been proved by Mr. Pitt , from the most undeniable calculations , that the islands and the empire at large , would gain in revenue , in seamen , in commerce , instrength , and in profit ; by the abolition ; and when France would see these beneficial effects , she would be induced by interest if not by feeling or principle , to follow the example . There was one circumstance connected with the trade , which had been communicated to him by a friend , and which he thought necessary to state to the house . A fine young slave had been purchased for his estate , who at first seemed afflicted and sullen , but whose discontent Was expected to wear off with time . After a short period , however ; another cargo of slaves arrived , and the newly imported negroes , upon meeting with the former , prostrated themselves before him as their chief . The violence of his emotions at the contrast between what he was and what he had been , drove him within twelve hours to commit suicide . One such instance as this wag enough to shew the iniquity of the traffic . was of opinion , that the abolition of the slave trade would have the effect of rendering the condition of the slaves much worse in the West-India islands . The negroes upon his estate were more Comfortable than labourers in this country ,