Trade for 250 years , we should continue it . Now , sir , with every respect for our ancestors , I never can admit this doctrine ; first , because I do not believe the last age more enlightened than the present , for we have their experience added to our own , and that in periods more eventful than they lived in ; and next , because if once admitted , the same compliment must be paid to their ancestors , and so back ad infinitum , until it terminated in a paradox , that the darkest ages were the most en–lightened—and as to the length of time , it they have had the benefit of this iniqui–tous trade for 250 years , they may be to–lerably well satisfied to part with it now . But it is said , that the petitioners are taken by surprise , and they pray that the aboli–tion may be gradual . Why , they must have been asleep for the last 20 years : if they have laid out money within that period , they must be wretched speculators , or they would have seen that the question must force itself upon the legislature— '' Magna est veritas et prævalebit . '' The learned counsel , as also the member for Liverpool , have stated that a number of ships have been built for the Slave Trade which would not answer for any other , and that docks have been built for those ships which would be useless if the bill took place , and that if Liverpool gave up the slave trade , other countries would take it up . This argument would justify robbery of any kind ; and let us see to what an ex- 975 tent it might be pushed . Suppose a high–wayman should urge as an excuse , that it is true he did rob the man , but it was be–cause he knew that if he did not , Will Bagshot 's gang would , and that moreover it turned out a profitable job ; and suppose , that when pressed to relinquish so disgraceful an occupation , he should answer , `` but I have gone to great expence in purchasing horses , which would be fit for nothing else but the highway . I have built stables , but they will suit none but highwaymen 's horses , and I have purchased pistols and blunderbusses at a great expence , which would be useless in any other calling . '' I mention this , merely to shew how far the argument might be carried , and not as a comparison ; for though no man has been more un–handsomely treated by highwaymen than myself , yet I would not degrade their pro–fession by comparing it with the slave trade . The robber may be compelled by hunger ; besides , he risks his life in the attempt , and he has not the presumption to say , that he benefits those he robs ; more–over , he does not ask compensation for giving up the trade.—St . Domingo , has been mentioned , and spies are said to have been sent from thence to excite revolt in Jamaica . I admit that St. Domingo , in its present state , is not a good neighbour , but emissaries would be sent if this question were never agitated , and the effects of the abolition would be to counteract any such attempts , as it would tend to make the si–tuation of the negroes more comfortable , and therefore they would be less likely to revolt , and especially as the newly-imported African was much more dangerous than the man born in the island ; and it must be remembered that Dessalines himself was an imported African . If spies were sent by the black government , it must proceed from sympathy , and if sent by the French , it would have been done to injure the British interests , equally , had the abolition never been mentioned . It is said it is a benefit to the African to be carried