England , to ask ? for I shall presently come to the stipulations for Russia . Surely for wealth , power , or the occupation of our naval force for their defence , we wanted no further accession of colonial possession . Sicily , sir , has been represented as an object important to British as well as to Russian interests ; and my noble friend has laboured the question not a little upon that ground . Sir , I do not profess , upon the present occasion , either to concede or to contest this point : but I may be allowed to say , that an indemnity for Sicily had been admitted by the king 's servants as possible , and if that time had been given for the consideration of the question which was wasted in useless discussions , such an indemnity might , I think , possibly have been found . That the real inclinations of the 364 king of Naples must have been consulted upon the subject , is beyond dispute . We are bound by no treaty to that unfortunate monarch , but having been the cause of his breaking the treaty he had made with France in the autumn of 1805 , having taken him under our protection , having occupied his dominions for his defence , no consideration upon earth could , I am sure , have induced the king 's present ministers to have coerced , far less to have abandoned that monarch in the manner in which other princes to whom we were bound by the most solemn treaties , have been abandoned in the course of the sanguinary wars which have been waged with little intermission for the last 13 years . I confess I can not lay great stress upon that part of the argument of my noble friend which presses the necessity of retaining Sicily for the purpose of supplying Malta . The confined territory of Malta , sir , I should conceive , might without any difficulty be furnished with provisions of all kinds from the Surrounding Mediterranean states ; and with the present increased population of Sicily diminishing so materially , if not destroying her power of exportation , we might be induced to ask , How is Malta supplied now ? — Dalmatia has also been a little touched upon by my noble friend , as an English object , in consequence of the facility it would give to France to foment disturbances in the Turkish dominions , the possession of which by France would facilitate her views upon our eastern territories . Sir , I confess that I can not quite keep pace with my noble friend . For however right and proper it may be in all cases to guard against contingencies . I do think there are some so remote , as not quite to deserve the attention sometimes bestowed upon them . Besides , sir , however we may talk of the preservation of the independence and integrity of the Ottoman empire , an object frequently insisted upon as dear to France and England in the course of these papers , we all know that the councils of the Porte are , at all times , either Russian or French . We conceive it to be our interest to support the preponderance of Russia at the Porte ; but we know that the policy of Russia long since conceived , is not abandoned ; that her desire for the possession of the Turkish provinces is not abated ; that she will acquire that possession whenever the opportunity shall offer ; and that whenever the acquisition of those provinces shall be made by any state really powerful , if the way to 365 India be laid open , the way to India will be travelled . But , sir , it seems that Sicily and Dalmatia were objects so important to Russia , that she would not yield an iota upon either , and bound as we were by treaty , in that case we could not recede . Be it so . State it then , that we are at