had undoubtedly a right to call for explanation on ally point that might seem to him to want illustration , relative to the rupture of the negotiation ; but the 245 could assure the house , on his , part , that it was his most anxious desire to put the house in possession of every document that could , consistently with a sense of public duty , be produced in order to enable them to form a correct judgment on this important case . admitted the statement of the noble lord to be satisfactory upon this point , as well as upon most of the other points upon which he had called for information . But until this statement had been made , they had no means of knowing what were the terms upon which Russia proposed to treat . However , as the communication had been made to the French government , he did not think there could be much impropriety in producing it to the house . But he would not press this farther . The statement in lord Lauderdale 's note , appeared to him to refer to something that had occurred previous to the signature of the separate treaty ; it might be an allusion to something that had been previously communicated by the court of Russia . There was one point upon which the noble lord 's statement was not satisfactory to his mind , and therefore he should feel himself bound to submit a motion to the house upon the subject . If the house would permit him , he would then state the grounds upon which he meant to bring the motion forward . This course would save the time of the house , and prevent the necessity of his returning again to the subject . The two governments appeared to him to be at present at issue upon a fact . If there was any assertion in his majesty 's declaration that was not true , the ministers who had advised the insertion of it , were guilty of a heinous offence by such conduct . It was necessary for the house to have every document that could throw any light upon this point . In the extract from M. Talleyrand 's letter to Mr. Fox , stated , `` if you are pacifically disposed , you know where to find the basis upon which to negociate . '' If this expression referred to the extract from Buonaparte 's speech , it could not mean the uti possidetis , but the peace of Amiens . He wished therefore to know whether there was any passage in the remainder of the letter which referred to the basis uti possidetis . There was another reason why he wished for the production of that letter , arising out of the nature of the transaction . It was with peculiar jealousy that house ought to view a 246 correspondence carried on during a war between the minister of the enemy , and a secretary of state . Besides , in the answer to the letter from which the extract is taken , it appears that an apology is made for having submitted any part of it to his majesty . If any part of it ought to have been so submitted , the whole ought . And what opinion should the house entertain of a private communication , where such an apology was necessary for laying any part of it before his majesty ? They were told , the letter was private ; but he insisted , the house ought to be jealous of such communications , and contended , that the whole of the letter ought to be called for . On these grounds he moved , that an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions , that the whole of the said letter should be laid before the house . observed , that if , after the manner in which he had assured the learned gent. , that the whole of the letter that had any reference to the negotiation had been produced