the country , who could really believe , that it was merely in his individual capacity that the secretary of the treasury acted , upon the late election for Hampshire . A letter to the barrack-master , to use his influence in his department , could be hardly understood as the mere canvass of an individual . The letter had also in its direction , `` On his majesty 's service . '' This added , if any thing could be added , to the official character of the letter written by the secretary of the treasury . He was surprised that this should be mentioned as a single case , for he believed that almost every member in that house knew that this was no detached case . but that letters nearly similar were written , by the same secretary of the Treasury to almost every corner of the kingdom . He could himself have produced a letter which he had seen ( if he had been prepared for this debate ) , which the same secretary of the treasury sent to a poor voter in Yorkshire , whose name he even did not know , and that was in his public capacity . It never could be said , that all these letters were written merely in his individual capacity as Mr. Fremantle . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , once belonged to an administration that did not exercise that sort of influence , and who did not direct their secretaries of the treasury to write such letters . Under that administration , a parliament was chosen about four years ago , by the free choice of the voters ; and it was , probably , because it was so chosen , that the present ministers could not suffer it to exist any longer . He called upon those who wished to prevent the undue influence of government from extending to every county , city , and borough in the county , to vote for going into the committee . saw no reason to go into a 777 committee of privileges , when there were no facts touching privilege to be authenticated . The facts in this case were clear , and the construction was obvious . If any gentleman thought there was foundation for a motion of censure , he might bring it forward . The house of commons would hardly go into a committee of privileges to fish out grievances now unknown . The fact stated in the petition was all the house could attend to . It was extremely improper to introduce the name of the comptroller of the navy , or of any other person , without a specific foundation . Mr. Fremantle had declared that he had written the letter merely in his individual capacity , and there was no reason to presume the contrary . The petition stated , that the petitioners believed Mr. Fremantle had no property in the county of Hants , but it now appeared he had ; and thus far the petition proceeded on grounds . It was an unfair exaggeration to state that it had been argued by his hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) , that because the county of Hants had been often violated , it was not entitled to redress . His right hon . friend , while remarking upon the extraordinary zeal shewn on this occasion by some hon . gentlemen on the other side , had contended that there was no violation in the present case . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had declared , he did not mean to impute any guilt , but merely inferred ground for suspicion . Some persons were always disposed to put the worst construction . He hoped the house would not do so . He thought it no disgrace to the petition not to go into a committee upon it . No two cases could be more distinct than the present and that of the duke of Chandos , who was lord lieutenant of the county , and a peer of parliament . The