to prevent unnecessary delay . As to the propriety of examining evidence , that of course would be decided on , after their lordships had heard counsel . He thought , however , that it would be sufficient to hear one counsel upon each petition , as the greater part of the arguments which the counsel must necessarily touch upon , had 602 already been often repeated , and as it was of so much importance to avoid delay . also expressed himself decidedly hostile to unnecessary delay , but at the same time it was of the utmost importance that a subject of this magnitude should be deeply and closely examined , and that the parties whose interests would be affected by it , should be fairly and fully heard . suggested , that the interests of the petitioners might be equally benefited , and the time of the house less taken up , if the petitioners were classed according to the interests of those petitioning , which would be found to be divided into three ; namely , the old planters in Jamaica and other islands , the new planters in the island of Trinidad , and the shipping and commercial interests of the ports of this country , and counsel heard for each interest.—After some further conversation , the petitioners were ordered to be heard by their counsel on Wednesday . gave notice that he should , on this day se'nnight , present to the house a bill founded on the Resolutions passed last session , for rendering more effectual the Administration of Justice in Scotland . ( See vol . vii . p . 730 . ) expressed a wish that full time might be allowed the learned gentlemen of the law in Scotland to make up their minds upon such a complicated and important measure before it passed into a law . said , it was his wish that sufficient time should be allowed for the consideration of the subject . He must however remark , that ample time had already been given for its consideration since last session , during which interval there had been an opportunity of obtaining the opinions of professional men of eminence with respect to the details of the measure . If it was meant that an interval of equal , extent should again be allowed , it was evident the measure could not be carried through parliament in the course of the present session . That some measure of this nature should be adopted without delay was , he conceived , of the greatest importance , not only on account of the great defects which were acknowledged to exist in the Administration of Justice in Scotland , but also , on account of the discredit thrown upon that house , in consequence of the great number of appeals from Scotland , and which , from their being so 603 numerous , unavoidably met with much delay in their decision . confessed that he felt the difficulties as well as the advantages of the measure proposed by the noble baron . He had been employed in more Appeal causes than , he believed , any other man now living , and no man could be more convinced of the necessity of such a measure than he was . Not only Scotland but Ireland felt that necessity . He hoped , however , the intended bill would throw more light on the question than the resolutions afforded . At all events , he should most cheerfully contribute all that his experience and humble abilities enabled him to afford towards the advancement of the business . Lord Euston , chairman of the Saltash Election committee , reported , that that committee had been prevented from proceeding on the investigation of the matters given in charge to it , on Friday and Saturday last , in consequence of the absence of A. Robarts , esq . one of its members ; that this day Mr. Robarts did attend , and the committee had proceeded to business as usual . Doctor Bailey stated at the bar , that Mr. Robarts 's absence was occasioned