has extolled so highly—a prerogative to be freely used at all times when his majesty judges it necessary to the well-being , or to the safety of the constitution . The noble baron 's reasoning is not at all in unison with his facts , and I think that if the noble lord will refresh his memory , he will find that his facts are not entirely in unison with history . Does not the noble lord know that there has been such a notion as triennial parliaments since the period he quoted ? and does he not happen to know that last year , it was in the contemplation of a government with which he was personally connected , to dissolve the parliament at the end of three years ? — ( hear ! hear ! ) This I have heard , and I have reason to believe that the rumour is well-founded . The noble baron next adverted to something which he wondered at not finding in the king 's speech . Something , it seems , he thinks should have been said on the improvement of the military force of the country . I am at a loss to conceive what the noble baron could have expected to be stated on this subject . The wise measures which were adopted it the last session , have been followed up with success throughout the country , and nothing is now wished , but that the present parliament would permit the full and free operation of the laws which have already been made . It is this proper and necessary perseverance which the country expects from parliament . With regard to the measures which were repealed by the last parliament , it was a complaint against them , whether well or ill founded I have not now to consider , that they were in general inefficient ; and it was admitted , that if they did occasionally add to our military force , it was at the expence of those principles and resources 29 on which the permanent strength of the country rests . The measures , however , which were proposed as the substitutes of those which have been repealed , are not of this temporary nature , and are not to be judged by the success of the moment . With regard to the plan for limited service , it will be recollected , that when it came under the consideration of your lordships , A did not hold out any expectation of great immediate advantages being derived from it . I then said of that important measure , that it never would have its full effect until the sight of a soldier impressed upon the peasant 's mind the idea of a service for 7 years , instead of a bondage for life . In this opinion I still remain , and I must now say , that whether it has yet been successful or not , he knows little of human nature , and entertains views much too narrow for a. statesman , who founds any argument on the result of the operation of this measure within the few months since it began to be carried into effect ; but the house will recollect what was the effect of the measure which was repealed , to make way for the plan of limited service When its inefficiency was objected to at the end of 9 , of 12 , and even of 18 months , we were still desired to wait , and assured that its operation was only commencing , and would rapidly improve , Is it not rather singular then , that we should now , at the end of a few month only , be called upon to give an account of the success of the plan for limited service ? But the merit of that plan rests upon quite another ground , and it is of no importance to form an average calculation of its result or to enquire whether it has produced more men in one month than in another.— I shall proceed now to the next topic ; for