this could be done without injury to those who had advanced their property for the service of their country , the people who had so manfully borne up against the difficulties and dangers of the present time , were justly entitled to that relief , and it was highly desirable to the legislature to be able to afford it . With reference to this object , he would compare the state of the Sinking Fund according to the effect of its own inherent principles under the present system , and according to the application of the noble lord 's plan to it . Could the period be fixed , at which we might look to an applicable success upon the sinking fund above what onght to be applied to its special purpose ; and if that period could be ascertained to be at the end of ten years , the 11,122,809l . which it was proposed to take from it at that time , for the charge of supplementary loans , might as well be appropriated to the payment of interest of loans , raised 733 according to the present system , or applied to the mitigation of the public burthens , in any other manner . So might the 683,092l . of annnities likely to fall in in the 20 years . So might the new taxes of 292,000l . annually on an average , or 2,051,000l . on the whole proposed to be raised by the noble lord 's plan , between the third and the tenth year of his series . These sums altogether making 13,856,861l . were equally applicable to the present system , or to any other , as they were to that of the noble lord . As applied to the charges of the Supplementary Loans , amounting to 14,296,388l . this amount of Ways and Means of 13,856,000l . left a deficiency of 440,388l . As applied to the charges of annual loans of 11,000,000l . for 20 years under the present system , being 14,656,660l . it left a deficiency of 809,799l . Deducting from this deficiency Of 809,799l . the deficiency , under the new plan in the application of the same Ways and Means to the Supplementary Loans only , there would remain a difference of only 369,411l . ; and that was the whole consideration for which our taxes were mortgaged and alienated . It was an insult to the country , which had so manfully borne up against the difficulties of the time , and had burthened itself with war taxes in order to prevent any accumulation of debt in war time ; it reproach to it to imagine for a moment , that , however desirous it may be to be relieved from the rigour of its present hardships , it would seek such a pitiful relief at the expence of so great an ultimate sacrifice ; it was an insult to suppose , that the , country would rather suffer their war taxes to be cosumed by war loans , rather than prevent that evil , rather than charge itself with additional taxes , to the amount of 369,411l . which with the Ways and Means appropriated by the noble lord 's plan to the Supplementary Loans merely , would enable the country to sustain a War Expenditure of 32 millions . It had never been considered as part of the duty of those who sat on that side of the house , to propose Financial Plans , and those who ventured to propose such plans wandered from their proper line ; but when he came forward to dispute the System of Finance proposed by the noble lord , he thought he could do no less than point out another plan , which would enable the noble lord to meet the difficulties of the time without any of the embarrassments 734 and intanglements into which his own plan led him . It would upon more mature consideration appear to the noble lord a strange option to have prefered borrowing upon a double system , rather than to pursue the simple one that had been hitherto used