to them to be most convenient or favourable for that purpose . certainly thought that , if the petition was intended as a party question , it might have been desirable for the framers of it to have public opinion for some time previously directed to the subject . But if the petition was really intended to bring the fact of a breach of the privileges of that house under the consideration of parliament , no time should have been lost in presenting it . These gentlemen . who knew of such transactions as amounted to a breach of the privileges of that house , should not have suffered those unworthy ministers of the crown to remain so long exempt from the exposure which their conduct merited . The house , however , would hereafter be able to judge of the motives of the petitioners in keeping back the petition , and also of the motives of those gentlemen who might since have been persuaded to give their support to this proceeding . said , he should not impute to the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , any party motive for the observations he had made ( a laugh ) ; but he was clearly of opinion , that the persons who had signed the petition , and the gent . who had undertaken to present it , had a right to chuse the time that appeared best to them . The right hon . gent . no doubt , would have been better pleased if the petition had been presented on the first day of the session , because then it would have been liable to an objection , if it had been proposed to take it into consideration previously to the last day for presenting Elec- 687 tion petitions . But the allegations of the petition were of so grave and serious a nature , that if any one of them even could be proved , it would be of small comparative importance whether the petition were presented a day , or a month , earlier or later . contended , that it had never been insinuated from his side of the house , that the charges in the petition were of a slight or unimportant nature . He appealed to the recollection of the house whether they had not , in every instance , been admitted to be of the last importance to have brought forward . The charges contained in the petition would be highly important if proved ; they would also be important if not proved , as he trusted would be the case , because they would then fall back upon the heads of those who had given birth to them . did not think it of the smallest moment whether the petitioners were influenced by a sense of duty , or by sinister motives ; they took upon them to bring against certain persons certain charges , and he rejoiced that it would be now soon decided how far the charges were warranted by proofs , from the rumours that had been so industriously circulated , not alone through the county concerned , but through the country . He was glad that the petition had found its way into that house , and that those rumours would be for ever silenced by the paramount decision of the people 's representatives , for he had no hesitation in saying that he anticipated with confidence an issue honourable to the parties so calumniated . was not willing to question the impartiality of the hon . member who spoke last , but as it had been urged as an objection to the petition , the time of its being presented , he would beg leave to set gentlemen right upon that head . Parliament had met this session at a very unusual time , when few country gentlemen were able to attend . It was desirable to have as full an attendance of that description of members as possible on the discussion of this subject , and it was not till the present period that many of them had attended in