to make Hanover an exception to those other parts of the continent of Europe , which might become an object of British attention . It must be perfectly within the recollection of every noble lord , that when the first attack was made by France upon Hanover , that that was not made the ground of the war ; at the same time , when in the course of the late negociation , his majesty 's government considered it a point of honour to stipulate , that this seizure should be restored to its legitimate owner , they acted upon principles of magnanimity and justice . When Hanover was threatened during the war of the Spanish succession , parliament voted an address to his then majesty , in 1725 , in which they stated , that they would stand by his majesty , against any menace of any potentate , against any territories of his majesty , although not belonging to Great Britain , in case such an attack should be made , in consequence of his majesty 's just regard to the interests of this kingdom . Upon this principle of honour , our ancestors acted ; and , I trust , my lords , that their descendants of the present day , will never swerve from their spirit . When we look to the continent of Europe , its present aspect , I confess , penetrates me with sorrow ; still , so long as our connection with Russia exists , hope exists ; added to which , there are other circumstances which , in my mind , at least afford a probable ground of expectation . The extent of dominion and of power are by no means convertible terms ; power , 283 when founded upon injustice and the grasp of inordinate ambition , can never be so solid , as when built upon the basis of justice and legitimate authority . The present power of France is chiefly derived from the military genius of its chief ; which , though calculated to dazzle and to gain temporary success , yet is not formed to gain respect or attachment . Every father of a family is obliged to part with his son , to feed the ranks . The power of France is sustained by terror , whilst its ambitious ruler is secretly regarded with detestation ; and should it not fall to the lot of this man to enjoy unexampled successes , then who knows but that a single check or reverse of fortune , will , to him , be likely to be more fatal than was ever before known in the history of the world ? Looking , therefore , to the uncertainties of human life and fortune ; regarding , likewise , the power , the fortitude , and zeal which animate our ally , the emperor of Russia , I can not see any ground for despondency ; and above all , looking to the spirit of the people of this country , I trust we shall arrive to an honourable termination of the present contest ; for , I confess , it is on the spirit and fortitude of the people of this country , that we are called to place our chief reliance . The noble lord has justly animadverted upon the two financial sources of our national prosperity , the Sinking Fund , and the practice of raising the supplies within the year . The Sinking Fund certainly is a measure of incalculable benefit to our finances , and one which will immortalize the great man by whom it was established . I shall only say , therefore , upon this point , that at the present moment , we have resources very different from what they were in 1801 . Then , the attempt to raise war taxes was abandoned , and the income tax was mortgaged to a certain extent . In the intermediate time , 97 millions have been funded , and at this moment , taxation to the amount of 4,900,000l . has been imposed in addition to the war taxes , amounting to nearly