the congratulation of the learned gent . on what he termed a change in his principles , explained his former statement on that subject . What he had said was , that because he had formerly supported motions under certain circumstances , he would not be deterred by any taunts that might be thrown out against him from opposing similar motions under different circumstances . He challenged the learned gent . to point out an instance in which he had abandoned a single principle of his political life . In the session before last , a military arrangement of great importance was in agitation , which rendered the printing of the estimates necessary , but in the last session this was not the case . In the year before the last , a sufficient time had been given for the printing of the estimates , before the discussion . Last year the printing was not moved for till the estimates had been voted . explained , that he had not said the noble lord had abandoned his principles , but had abandoned his former line of conduct . supported the motion . If large expensive establishments were necessary , he observed , and if in such cases objections were made to motions which went to enable the house more easily to examine into the public expenditure , a precedent would be formed , which would render it impossible for the members of that house to do their duty by their constituents . The facility , therefore , which would be afforded to them in doing their duty , would more than counterbalance any expence that might be incurred by printing these papers . The expence of printing such papers might well be saved , by economy in many other respects . For instance , if the powder sent to Ceylon from this country had been purchased at Madras , we should have had a saving , which would have gone far beyond any expence that could be incurred by printing the estimates now before the house . He saw no good ground of objection to the motion . thought it incumbent on him to say a few words , as he had seconded this motion . He considered economy in the public expenditure , of so much importance , that he would have been the last man to have given his countenance to any thing that would be attended with expence , had he not been satisfied that this was one of those cases where the saving of a few pounds might lead to the loss of many thousands . It was absolutely necessary that every facility should be allowed to gentlemen in enquiring into the public expenditure . This , at the present moment , was the most important of duties . He himself also wished to say something on the subject of these estimates , but it was utterly impossible for him to make himself completely master of them , unless he was allowed to take the papers home with him . But this he could not do unless they were printed , for in their present state they must lie on the table till they came to be discussed . He could not do his duty with satisfaction to himself therefore , unless the papers were printed , by which means he could have a copy home with him . This was the reason why he had seconded the motion . As to the question of the powder sent to Ceylon , he thought the board of Ordnance could not possibly have refused under such a requisition . But he hoped that in future the supply would be sent from India . If the board chose to enquire into the matter , they would get information in London that the Indian powder was not only not 459 worse than ours , but that it was even better . observed , that an hon . gent . ( Mr. Montague ) seemed to suppose that it was always to be the system to send out powder to Ceylon from this country , when he ( Mr. C. )