some assertions which had been made in the course of this debate . It was asserted , that they had recommended , if not ordered , On revolution which took place in India , by the assumption of the territories of the Carnatic , to which it must first be answered that they disclaimed all interference in the nature of compulsion , and he read an extract from their minutes , by which such an interference was expressly disclaimed , and then asked how such a proceeding should be tortured into an approbation , much less an authority , for the revolution which took place ? He could state , that the court 1024 of directors never did approve of that mea–sure ; for the sake , therefore , of having the conduct of the court of directors investi–gated , he was friendly to the present motion . He was very glad that the friends of lord Wellesley were so desirous of entering into this investigation . He declined , however , to enter into the merits of the revolution in 1801 , and he could speak with the greater freedom , as he had not at that period any share in the direction . It was to be obser–ved , however , that the board of controul took that affair into their own hands , and superseded altogether the court of direc–tors . And the right hon . baronet ( Sir J. Anstruther ) opposite to him , was completely mistaken in considering the secret commit–tee , and the court of directors , as being connected ; it was , in point of fact , a com–plete mistake , in form as well as in sub–stance . The secret committee was the express , direct , and immediate organ of the board of controul . Their proceedings were utterly unknown to the court of directors . The secret committee was subject in no way or respect whatsoever to the court of direc–tors , who were indeed entirely ignorant of the proceedings of the secret committee . This act , therefore , of the secret committee , which the right hon baronet treated as the act of the court of directors , was an act in which they had no share , of which they had no knowledge , —an act with which they had not the slightest concern ; and it was an act on which the board of con–troul had exercised its authority ; and as that board was superior in India concerns , it became extremely difficult for the court of directors even to express an opinion , much less exercise a judgment on a deci–sion of the board of controul , without incurring the imputation of resisting superior authority . It was liable to the objection of leading to great derangement in their affairs . Another reason which prevented the inter–ference was , the subject of the asumption of the Carnatic had become the subject of parliamentary enquiry , which superseded both the board of controul and the court of directors denied that he wished to oppose enquiry . He only said that it ought not to be allowed to drag on for years . The court of directors had instruct–ed their officers to pay the same deference to the orders of the secret committee as to those of the directors themselves , and as the secret committee had approved of the conduct of lord Wellesley , he was fully 1025 warranted in saying that the directors through them had expressed their approbation of it denied that the court of directors submitted themselves entirely to the guidance of the secret committee said , he was disposed to pursue the same line he had adopted last session , and was , therefore , willing to accede to every motion for papers that could enable the house to decide upon the whole case . Neither would any friend of his noble relation give any opposition to the production of such information . But it was his opinion , that all the paper should be reprinted , and with that view he should feel it his duty to move