the noble lord has favoured us with a long table of contents , of the various chapter which are to be brought into discussion in the course of the session . It seems , we are to be asked , whether the military force for the defence of this country , is not now less than it was at some former period . I do not understand , however , how the noble lord proposes to view this question If we mean , by the force for the defence , of the country , the number of troops in this island , that number , it is obvious ought to depend not upon the amount o our disposeable force , but upon the prudent use which . may be made of it . A greater number of troops might be necessary for home defence under other circum- 30 stances ; but if the noble lord wishes to institute a comparison with respect to the general force of the British empire , I can assure him , that that force is at this moment larger than it ever was at any former period . With respect to the volunteers , I am far from concurring with the noble lord in the observations he has made on that description of force . The regulations which were adopted for that description of force , were calculated for its improvement , and I can not admit , that any thing which has been done by parliament , has had a tendency to damp their spirits , or check their patriotic ardour . The noble baron has remarked , that he has not beard of the Training bill having been any where put in force , if he means by put in force , that the men are not yet trained , it certainly , according to his ideas , is not in force , for the preparatory measures must necessarily occupy a considerable time before the training can commence ; and I am sure , that to any one who is acquainted with the nature of the militia laws of this country , the delay , which is unavoidable in a measure of this kind , can create no surprise . The act , however , has begun to operate ; and I can assure the noble lord , that there is not a corner of the country in which it has not already been acted upon.— The next topic which the noble lord adverted to , was very remarkable . He thinks that his majesty should have been advised to tell you ( an advice , by-the bye , which I think his majesty would not have been easily prevailed upon to adopt ) that a French fleet had escaped from a port of France , and returned safely to that country . In point of fact , no French fleet has returned safe to port , and I am therefore at a loss to conceive why the noble lord should wish his majesty to make such a declaration . As to the escape of the French squadron , to which the noble lord alluded , from port , I shall not enter into any discussion upon that point ; but if he asks what measures were taken to intercept it , I will tell him that every exertion was made for that purpose . Can the noble lord point out any time at which a French fleet ever was so vigilantly pursued , either with respect to the total amount of the force , or to the number of detachments employed against it ? If no instance of equal exertion to overtake an enemy 's squadron can be found , this chapter of his enquiries will not suit the purpose of the noble lord in a future period of the-session . 31 But his majesty has sent out expeditions at an improper season of the year ! The noble lord , perhaps , wishes that his majesty should tell him why and where he has sent these expeditions ; for until he is made acquainted with those circumstances , all his arguments