no more ought there to be if the war were continued on account of India . But if it was continued on the former ground , the identity of the sentiments and the reciprocity of the obligations of our allies , ought to be established . He had risen merely to rescue his own conduct from the very extraordinary situation of a public man , charged with violating instructions which he had never received . thought he had stated , as distinctly as possible , that the noble lord had had no instructions to insist on a written acknowledgement of the basis in the first instance . As the noble lord stated , he was sent to carry a verbal answer to a Verbal proposition , He was instructed to obtain in this way an acknowledgement of the basis , and directed not to use his full powers till the French government should return to the basis on which it had set out . It was not a written but an actual acknowledgement that the noble lord had been instructed to claim , previous to the production of his full powers ; and as soon as he should have produced his powers , he was directed to seek , in his first subsequent note , a written acknowledgement . Mr. Fox 's letter went back to the original offer of the uti possidetis . The demand of Sicily was a violation of that offer ; and it was on that ground that the noble lord was ordered not to proceed one step further , till that demand should be relinquished , and the basis established ; unless that requisition were complied with , the noble 332 lord was instructed to demand his passports in civil terms , and to come away . He was only surprised , that , after the explanation that had already been given to this effect , the noble lord should have thought the vindication he had entered into at all necessary . regretted , that in the whole of this business he saw the complete success of the machinations of France . The French policy put him in mind of the policy of the ancient Turks , which was , to make short truces to secure conquests , and short wars to enlarge them . Considering the case on this principle , we might find that the French had procured the benefit of a truce , and used it to blind our government . The origin of the negociation was owing to the death of that great statesman , Mr. Pitt , the pilot who had weathered so many storms . He thought he saw that illustrious statesman contending with the demon who endeavoured to entice him , as Somnus did the pilot Palinurus of old . He thought he heard the demon address him in the words used to Palinurus : — Iaside Palinure , ferunt ipsa æquora classem ; Æquatæ spirant auræ ; datur hora quieti . Pone caput , fessÓsque oculos furare labori . And so forth . He did not clearly recollect the rest ( a laugh ) . But however the pilot did not trust the demon , but said— Méne salis placidi vultum fluctúsque quietos Ignorare jubes ? Méne huic confidere Monstro ? But he would ask whether this conduct of Mr. Pitt was at all similar to that of Mr. Fox ? Did Mr. Fox distrust the demon ? No , he was earnestly desirous of making peace , and of this desire the French had taken advantage . He lamented the death of Mr. Fox . He was acquainted with him , and valued him as a man but during the last 20 years , he had always differed with him in politics , and in all that period , he had never altered his conduct , which , in these times of shifting and returning , was rather a singular instance . As to the first overture , he considered it as having come from Mr. Fox , for his letter had broken the ice . It was impossible that those glances and oglings at peace