to proceed gradually . This as a first step of a system would be an important measure ; as a single measure it would be highly beneficial . It would be extremely desirable that copyholds should also be made liable ; but if the house adopted his measure , he trusted they would not stop there . As to the objection , that this principle would take in estates in tail , he should only say , that he knew not why they ought not to be liable . It was a maxim of the court in which his 857 right honourable friend presided with so much benefit to the country , that a man should always be taken to do that which he ought to do ; and certainly as the tenant in tail might , by his own act , have made the estate liable to his specialty debts , there was no good reason why the principle ought not to be extended to such estates . observed , that though feelings of veneration for every institution of our ancestors ought not to be carried to excess and bigotry , they ought to operate so far as to prevent any rash alterations . Innovations of this nature ought to be regarded with the utmost jealousy , and to be examined with the utmost scrupulousness . Without meaning any disrespect to the hon . and learned gent . who proposed this bill , ( for as to his abilities there could be but one opinion ) he must say , that it was in his own opinion , and that of many others , that a measure of this nature ought rather to have originated in the other house , where it might have , in the first stages , undergone the revision of the great law magistrates . This ought to have been the case , though the hon . and learned gent . had heard of no difference of opinion on the subject ; but if there was a difference of opinion existing there that point well deserved the hon . and learned gent 's consideration . The particular object of this bill was to meet the cases of fraud with regard to freehold estates , but he admitted that with regard to copyhold and entailed estates the , room for frauds would still be left open . But he insinuated that this was only meant as a preliminary step to similar alterations with regard to copyhold and entailed estates . In this view he had strong objections to the bill . The hon . and learned gent . admitted that one door would be left open for fraud in the purchase of copyhold estates ; he would ask him whether previous debts were intended to supersede subsequent settlements of freehold estates , and to be good against purchasers ? If they were not , the object of the bill would be evaded ; if they were , then you would only be doing away one opportunity for fraud , in order to create a stronger . The hon . and learned gent . had stated , that this was becoming in a great degree a commercial country , and that in that respect its situation was become different from what it was when this law with regard to property had been established . This was certainly true , but though he felt well disposed towards the comer- 858 cial interests of the country , yet he did not think that they ought to be promoted at the sacrifice pro tanto of the permanent landed interest . He did not think that this was wanted . But why did not the hon . and learned gent . make his bill exactly commensurate with his object ? Why did he not apply it merely to the landholder engaged in commerce , and adopt the suggestion of the right hon . and learned gent . ( the Master of the Rolls ) for confining it to the first purchasers of freehold estates . You might secure the object by extending the bankrupt laws to these cases . But as