that day three weeks , and the commitment on that day four weeks , it would meet the wishes of the noble and learned lord . The Earl of Suffolk approved of this arrangement , but thought the salaries of the judges in Scotland not adequate to their situations . The Lord Chancellor highly approved of the proposed plan . With respect to the trial by jury , he considered it totally unnecessary to say a word in its praise ; its benefits were too obvious to need his commendation ; to this measure it was of essential use , in order that questions of fact might be decided upon , and that appeals might be confined to their proper province , questions of law.—The bill was then read a first time and ordered to be printed . rose for the purpose of moving the postponement of his Finance Resolutions from this to some future day . He knew that in considering the Resolutions of the noble lord , ( H. Petty ) his own must of course come under review , but he hoped that the noble lord , considering the magnitude of the subject , would be disposed to grant some further delay . At all events , he was desirous of entering upon some explanation of the modification of the noble lord 's plan , which he had offered the other day , as he was aware that from the short time allowed him for consideration , there might be some objectionable points in it . What he had offered was merely a modification of the noble lord 's plan , and he presented it only with a view to relieve the noble lord from the embarrassment to which he must otherwise be exposed . He , however , felt that an explanation was the more necessary , because though from this it should appear that this modification was more objectionable than was at first apprehended , yet the noble lord in pointing out the defects of this , would give an illustration of the defects of his own plan , and combat his own proposition rather than prove the expediency of the modification . He wished therefore that his modification should be clearly understood , though it would not give relief to the extent which he at first supposed . His lordship then acknowledg- 795 ed that his resolution stated a smaller charge than would really be necessary . It stated , that in the ninth year a loan of between four and five millions would be necessary to be charged on the consolidated fund . But he had not noticed the progressive sums , and consequently the progressive charges on the consolidated fund . It was in fact necessary to provide , not only for the sum advanced but also for the sum staken from the consolidated fund , and that thus for 9 years taxes to the amount of 6,019,000l . would be requisite at the close of the ninth year . The two grounds on which he wished to modify the noble lord 's plan , were these : 1st . To relieve him from the necessity of mortgaging the war taxes ; if his modification did not do that , it did nothing ; 2dly , To limit the amount of the loans within the year , and consequently the charge . By the noble lord 's plan , the loans would rise from 12 to 32 millions , and what he wanted was to relieve the market from the dangerous effects that would result from the borrowing of such an enormous sum as 32 millions within the year . His modification was expensive for the present , but , if acted upon , it would come to this , that at the end of nine years , you would have an alternative of acting according to circumstances for the next eleven years . If the war continues for the whole twenty years , then he admitted that it could not be carried on without additional loans , and an addition to the permanent taxes . But if peace should be made