facts , and the construction in this case were clear , and , therefore , there was nothing for which to go into the committee . began by observing , that he had heard in the course of the debate a general expression of surprise : one set of gentlemen were surprised at the manner in which this charge had been brought forward : another at the charge itself . A noble lord , who had just sat down , had freely expressed his surprise at the strange reception this petition had met with from his majesty 's ministers in that house ; and the noble lord was surprised at such a reception , because the noble lord thought such a line of conduct inconsistent with those professions in favour of free and liberal inquiry into all alledged abuses of a 778 public nature , which were ever in the mouths of the men comprising the present government of the country . He , for his part , could not be brought to think that the reason assigned was at all a satisfactory one , for to be told that the present administration were in every instance acting in direct inconsistency with their professions when out of power , would have produced in his mind sensations very opposite to those of surprise . No ; of all other emotions , surprise was that from which he was at that moment most free . What had been the conduct of ministers upon that night he had long since learned to anticipate from what had been their conduct upon all occasions that involved the sincerity of their former professions , in the bold and unblushing contradiction of their practice . He therefore was prepared to receive that fresh instance of their good faith and consistency , as completely of a piece with all their other proceedings ; for however they might , night after night , uniformly pursue that conduct which when out of office they as uniformly decried , they had been , since they came into office , at least consistent in their systematic perseverance in contradicting , both in their language and their measures , all the mighty professions and highflying theories which in so great a measure characterized that deceased body of reformers . What , for instance , had been the language upon the former night when that petition was presented ? No less than mutual congratulation was given and exchanged by the gentlemen upon the opposite side ; they were rejoiced , forsooth ! that the period of triumph and inquiry had at length arrived ; that investigation the most strict would end in acquittal the most honourable ; that the poison of calumny which had been so generally and insiduously circulated would be checked in its dissemination , and that its propagators would be justly exposed to the vengeance due from injured innocence and honour , to the latent promoters of malevolent aspersions , and wanton acccusations . Such was the language of the other side a few nights since , and what had it been then ? No longer courting inquiry ; no longer vaunting their anticipated triumphs of tried and approved innocence over groundless calumny , but evading past protestations , shrinking from the investigation called for , and to which they had pledged themselves ; one night congratulating the country upon the prospect of immediate inquiry , and the next generously threatening to punish and to disgrace the very man who had given 779 them this so much desired opportunity of inquiry by presenting that petition , and praying that that house would admit them to prove upon incontrovertible evidence the truth of the alledged charges upon which that petition rested . He confidently put it to ministers , if they could have the courage to ask a house of commons to pass a vote of censure on the man who had been instrumental in bringing about an inquiry upon a great question involving the privileges of that house ? He put it boldly to those gentlemen , whether they would be tempted to proceed to such a length , as not