papers which were laid on the table in the month of Au–gust 1803 ; as they relate to stale accounts from lord Hobart and lord Macartney , which appear to me to have very little bear–ing upon the question which I am desirous to have discussed . But if any gentleman thinks they are necessary , I can have no objection to their production . It is now 1021 proper that I should state shortly the ob–ject for which I move the reprinting of the papers , and of the printing of such others , as appear to me to be requisite for the thorough understanding of the affair . It has been said , and the same sentiment seems to pervade the whole correspondence of the East-India company and the governor of Madras , that policy might have rendered it necessary that we should assume the government of the Carnatic . My motion goes to lay before the house those papers which shew whether there then really existed any ground or pretence for saying that the conduct of the nabob had rendered that assumption necessary . It is observable , with reference to the con–duct of marquis Wellesley , immediately after the surrender of Seringapatam , that he refers to an intended account which was to be rendered of the motives which induced the noble marquis to assume the govern–ment , alleging that he would send a review of those transactions to England ; but it does not appear that he ever sent that pro–mised statement . There are some letters of the court of directors , too , which re–quire explanation , on which I give no opinion at present ; by which it appears that some difference existed between my lord Clive and the marquis Wellesley , involving matters which are not , in any de–gree , explained . The third set of papers regard the Polygar war , in 1801 . It ap–pears from the treaty of 1792 , that the Company 's government had a right depu–ted to them to collect the pishcash or tri–bute from the Polygars ; and to enforce the payment , if necessary , on the requisi–tion of the nabob . But every act to be performed , was to be done in the nabob 's name , and by his authority . Now , this war , which was a very extraordinary one , both in its alleged cause and consequences , must , at first sight , appear to have been sanctioned at least by the nabob . It will , therefore , be necessary to ascertain Whe–ther , in point of fact , it was so or not ; in order to shew that the nabob 's government was either the cause of the war , or to free it from the consequences and the blame which might attach to that measure . But , sir , before I submit this motion to the house , it may be asked of me whether I do not think I owe some apology to the house as to the time which will be taken up by bringing this subject forward ? and I think it is perfectly correct to ask me that ques–tion . Sir , if this motion be agreed to , I 1022 take upon me to say , that within one month after the papers are printed , I shall be further prepared to move those resolu–tions on the papers , which I shall judge requisite . I am of opinion it could be done in much less time , if necessary ; but the subject is important , and demands a full enquiry . I hesitate not to say , that I bring this subject forward as an independent mem–ber of parliament , anxious to rescue the country from the imputation of misconduct ; and I beg leave to observe , that I have no connection whatever with those who were first concerned in bringing this subject for–ward . With regard to Mr. Paull , I have no difficulty in stating , that I think be de–serves well of his country for the part he has