concerned , was wholly unfounded in fact . He was glad that the petition was at length submitted to the consideration of the house , and he agreed entirely with the noble lord , that if they should fail in substantiating the charge contained in it , on them the whole blame and censure should fall . But , if they should succeed in proving the allegations of the petition : if they should make out a stronger case even than the charges in the petition amounted to , he trusted the noble lord would agree with him that the house was bound to adopt some proceedings with a view to do justice between the parties , with a view to redeem the solemn pledge , which it had given in the resolution of 1779 , in which it declared it highly criminal in a minister of the crown to use the power of his office for the purpose of influencing an election . He trusted too , that the noble lord would not employ the weight of his commanding eloquence , nor the government extend the protecting shield of its power , in order to arrest the measures which might appear to the house necessary on such an occasion . And here he wished to advert to certain particularities in the situation of the county of Southampton , which rendered the transaction still more culpable . There was no county of equal extent , population , and wealth , in which the government , independent of the interference complained of in the petition , had so much influence as in Hampshire . There was more of church , collegiate , and copyhold property , which gave no right to the elective franchise in that county , than in any other of equal extent , consequently there was less of freehold property and fewer electors . The interference of government , therefore , struck more effectually at the independance of the representation . There was also in that county one of the principal naval arsenals of the kingdom , the number of persons employed in which , that had freeholds , exceeded 400 . These were persons , constantly , regularly , and exclusively employed by government in the docks , and subject to its controul . There was also in the neighbourhood of Portsmouth , an infinite variety of persons , who were frequently employed by the navy board , the whole of whom could be con- 751 trouled by the executive government . This he stated only by way of explanation , as it did not form any part of the matter of the petition . If no addition were to be made to this influence , which had increased , was increasing , and must continue to increase , as long as the extent of the British navy should be augmenting , it would give the government a powerful interest in that county . But not content with that , the administration had enlisted the whole barrack department into its service , and employed the persons engaged in that department , as its agents to promote the election of its favourite candidates . So that it was impossible for any private individual to grapple with the power of government in that county , and the executive possessed the means of reducing it to the condition of a close borough , for which they could nominate the representatives . But in order to come nearer to the subject , he should beg leave to read the documents upon which this proceeding rested ; and first , the paper , which was the foundation of the whole business . Here the hon . baronet read an extract from the first letter of sir Wm . Heathcote to the Hampshire club , stating the application of lord Temple , authorised by lord Grenville , to himself , intimating to him , that government would not oppose his re-election , in the event of a dissolution , if he did not coalesce with Mr. Chute , against whom government proposed to set up a candidate , Mr. Chute having put himself