the other house of Parliament a party to the orders by which the proceedings of that house were to be regulated , he should oppose the motion—The motion was then negatived without a division . rose pursuant to notice . He was happy after the fate of the two last motions , to be able to state that he had one to make , which was not likely to meet with any opposition . The document for which he 699 was to move , was a very important one , and was very material to the house to have on its table , in order that gentlemen might perceive how far the strength and resources of this country were supported by its own property and means , and whether the property of foreigners in our funds was considerable or insignificant . He had also another view in bringing forward his motion , namely , that it might he brought under the consideration of the house , how far the exemption of the property of foreigners from the property tax was , or was not expedient . He did not mean then to enter into any argument upon the subject , but he was inclined to think that the exception of the property of foreigners from the tax had been founded on a mistake , and that this would be made manifest when the subject should come to be reviewed . He had framed his motion not so much with a view to this Object , as on the precedent of a similar motion that had been made last year . As an indulgence had been granted to foreigners , he was of opinion that they would not be slow in claiming it , and that , therefore , the document he was to call for might be easily prepared . He took this opportunity of asserting that his opinion on this subject remained the same as it was last session ; and so far from having been in the slightest degree altered , it had been strengthened by consideration and reflection . He still continued to think that the property of foreigners should be subject to the tax . This was but an act of justice to our own subjects , to shew where the burthen of the tax fell , and could not be construed into a severity upon foreigners , who invested their money in our funds for its security , not for our advantage . If they enjoyed the protection , they ought to contribute in a just proportion to its maintenance . He would not have it understood , however , that he was pledged to bring forward any motion on the subject , because such a proceeding would , in a great degree , depend upon the support it would receive , and principally upon the opposition it would meet with . At the same time he was of opinion , that , though a motion might not lead to a successful result , there was often much advantage derived from the frequent discussions that took place even upon motions that might have been finally unsuccessful . He did not by any means propose to bring forward this question front views hostile to 700 government . But , as he should very soon have an opportunity of stating his opinion on the general question respecting the finances of the country , he should then content himself with moving , `` That there be laid before the house an account of the amount of all Exemptions granted to Foreigners , in respect of the duty on Dividends , in the various public funds of Great Britain , and on the duty on Dividends on South Sea and East India stock , under the Property tax , for the year ending Lady Day , 1806 . '' thought it might be more satisfactory to the hon . gent . to have the account made up to a later date , as well as more likely to answer the object he had in view . He was not aware that the account could be furnished to a later