importance ; for whether it was considered as affecting the character of the individual , and the character and purity of that house , or as involving those great constitutional principles that ought to govern the right of election , there was no question more deserving of the serious attention and care–ful examination of every person who had to decide upon in merits . It had afforded him , and must have afforded to others , great satisfaction to observe , that in bringing forward this business no mixture of passion or personal rancour had appeared . His hon . friend , from the manner and temper with which he proposed his motion , had evinced , what indeed be was well aware of before , that he acted from prin–ciple and not from passion—that he had truly stated that he was not an oppressor , but that he was actuated only by a con–scientious regard to the best interests of his profession , of the house , and of the public . In this temper he hoped the in–vestigation would be pursued , and therefore be was very much disposed to accede to a suggestion that seemed to be thrown out by the person who spoke last , when he said , that he rested his case on precedents . In order to ascertain what precedents were analo–gous to the present case , or in any degree bore upon it , it was his intention , if the motion had passed , to have moved for the appointment of a committee to search into precedents . Cases precisely similar to the present , perhaps , they could find none , but they might find many cases analogous to it , and some of these might probably be in the recollection of several members of that house . At all events , it would be of advantage to proceed with our judgments instructed by a careful exami–nation of the journals of the house . This 518 was so clear , that he believed he need say nothing further in support of it . He was not aware that any objection whatever could be urged to this method . The interest of all parties concerned would be best consulted by proceeding upon sound and constitutional principles , by adhering to the general rules of justice , and keeping the individual case as much as possible out of view , except in so far as it de–pended on these rules and principles . The only objection to this which he could pos–sibly anticipate was the delay which it would occasion , and the consequent painful suspense in which the individual might thus be involved . But the delay would not be very long , and the individual ought to recollect that he now stood in a situ–ation in which he was sorry that , after what had passed , he had placed himself . After this motion had passed , he would move for a committee to search into the precedents , and , after the report of that committee should be on the table , then his hon . friend would have an opportunity to propose whatever he thought best becoming the dignity of the house , the ho–nour of the profession , and the interests of the public . having seconded the motion , would say merely that he had intended to submit to the house , after the disposal of the present motion , a motion similar to that which the noble lord had just declared it was his intention to pro–pose . For the question ought assuredly to come to a solid and impartial decision , and were it even only pro formâ , it would he the duty of the house , on such a solemn occasion , to appoint a committee to search the Journals for precedents . observed , that it was not his intention to oppose the motion ; but he felt himself called upon to express his opinion . With regard to the question , it did not appear to him to be one which could rest on precedent . The only question