return of the noble person who had preceded him at a time when it was uncertain whether this expensive military mission would be able to discover the Prussian head-quarters or even find out ; a port to land in . As to the negociation , he should say nothing upon it , until the papers were laid before parliament . Whatever difference of opinion might exist as to particular parts of it , with respect to the main question there could be but one general and unanimous sentiment , and that was to concur in giving h majesty every support , that should enable him to prosecute the war with vigour and effect . As to the address proposed by his noble friend , it ; was not his intention to give it any opposition . He assented to it , because it did not pledge their lordships to any of those points , which might possibly become the subject of future enquiry . and spoke to t following effect : —In asking your lordship to support the address which has just been moved , I must begin by assuring your lordships , that if I claim for it that general approbation which I am confident it will obtain in this house , and throughout the whole country , it is precisely because it is free from that sort of ambiguity which the noble lord who just sat down has more than insinuated it possesses . The address has been conceived in terms which must appear to every one unobjectionable , and no conduct would , in my opinion , be more unworthy 26 than attempt to entrap this house , if such an attempt could ever be successful , into a general approbation of the past conduct of government , or a promise to support future measures without due deliberation . But in fact this address pledges your lordships to nothing but what appears plainly on the face of it , and contains nothing which can preclude that free , fair , and impartial discussion , which ought to . take place on every great public question . when . I have said this much , I think I have answered every word the noble lord has uttered in relation to the subject of the address . With respect to the other topics to which the noble lord has alluded , if I can feel any difficulty in answering them , it is not on account of any argument which has been founded upon them , but from the impossibility of comprehending how they can be brought to bear on the present question . However , .laying that consideration aside , since the noble baron has thought it to introduce these subjects , and has pressed them so strongly on your lordships ' attention , I shall take the liberty of just briefly noticing them . The first point , in the order of the noble baron 's speech , was a proposition which I was surprised to hear come from the mouth of any noble lord in this house , namely , that you should discuss whether his majesty had been well or ill advised in dissolving the last parliament ? I do not , my lords , mean to say that the advisers of the crown are not responsible for the advice they give , and that their conduct is not . at all times liable to be questioned by parliament ; but this I do say , that if there be any one branch of the royal prerogative on which your lordships ought to exercise a peculiar reserve , it is that which relates to the dissolution of parliament . When , however , the noble lord objected to that measure , I did expect that he would have stated some reasons to prove that it was improper , before he thought of putting it on his majesty 's ministers , to vindicate it . I shall not dispute the noble lord 's chronology , the accuracy of which I am , however , not altogether disposed to admit . The noble baron , after a