Is it not , on the contrary , an ac–knowledged axiom of French policy , that her colonial and naval power must rise and all together ? We have the recent declaration of him who is now at the head of her government , to this effect ; and the history of the French commerce and maritime strength justifies the policy . In 1715 , when Louis the XIV . died , she had only 100 ships of small tonnage in her colonial trade ; at the time of the revolution , when she was become a formidable naval power , she had in that trade more that 8OO ; from the city of Bourdeaux alone , with the colony 989 of St. Domingo , more than 400 vessels , of an average of 400 tons each , and carrying a larger proportionate number of seamen than our ships do , were constantly trading . Her whole export tonnage to all Europe , English America , and the Levant , in 1789 , was 580,000 tons , of which only 152,000 were French ; so that her colony trade was that alone to which she could look for her useful seamen . Is it then a doubt , sir , with any man in this house , whether France will , at a peace , seek to render her West-India colonies flourishing , and seek to do it by recruiting their population from Africa ? As to the Spanish share of the trade , I have it in my power to relate a fact , which ought to make a stronger im–pression than any general reasoning . An hon . baronet , once an intelligent member of this house , and then one of the first , if not the very first , merchant in Europe , now retired both from trade and politics , but whose near relations in this house can con–firm , if need be , the circumstances I state , was , soon after the peace of Amiens , at Paris , where he was applied to by one of the most respectable mercantile houses of that capital , in conjunction with another at Madrid , to undertake the furnishing of 15,000 African slaves for Cuba . Some time was to be allowed for doing it ; but 6,000 were to go immediately . My friend replied , that his house had no concern in the African trade ; however , considering the respectability of those who applied to him , he undertook to furnish them with the cor–rectest possible information from Liverpool and London upon the subject . He did so ; and the result was , that they thanked him for the information , which they said had been useful in convincing them that they could be supplied otherwise upon cheaper terms . However humane our regulation might be , they rendered the freight of the negro too dear , and that would not suit them . This , sir , is a single fact , but it is an authentic and recent one , and of magnitude enough to lead us to re–flect how far we conduce to the advantage of Africa , by abandoning our part of this trade.—It can not be doubted , sir , that in the West Indies the treatment of slaves has been progressively ameliorated . The ac–counts which have been produced and cited by the noble lord ( Howick ) tend to prove it . It is stated in those accounts , that the increase by births in proportion to the deaths , has , as far as it can be ascer–tained by these accounts , been advancing 990 and what are we to gather from this , sir , but that the planters do not need the compulsion which you pretend to lay upon , them by this bill , to treat their slaves with humanity ? If this fact be connected with the small amount of that supply which the islands now need , do we not see that all the objects which the abolitionists profess to have in view are gained or gaining—that the