been the first overture , and it was made by the enemy upon a different basis than that which was afterwards adopted . It was proposed that the basis should be the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens . What was the answer ? It was , that it was 308 a basis which could not conduct the negociation to any salutary end , because the basis of that treaty was so undefined and liable to cavil , that we should dispute about the basis itself . Accordingly , M. Talleyrand , in his answer , gives up the question almost in words ; he says , that he does not think any of the articles of that treaty were the cause of the war . Throughout the whole of his letter he expressly admits , that actual possession was to be the basis of the negociation , for he tells you , that France desires nothing that England possesses ; he wishes that the negociation may be conducted on principles of reciprocal equality . He states that France is a great power on the continent , England is a great power by sea , and that France would make such concessions as , from the naval superiority of England , she had a right to expect . In consequence of this admission the negociation was opened . Satisfactory as the letter of M. Talleyrand was in this respect , it however contained another point not to be passed over , for it was then proposed by the government of France that we should treat separate from our allies . This , Mr. Fox rejected at once . He rejected every idea of separating the interests of this country and Russia . This produced an answer from Talleyrand . The discussion now was , the propriety of our insisting upon a joint negociation . It was contended by M. Talleyrand , that we were the allies of the powers of the continent for some purposes , but not for others— that the war was not one war , but two wars—that there was not only a war on the continent , but a war at sea—that we were not the allies of Russia ; forgetting what had been so often said by the French government , that we were the instigators of all the wars on the continent ; and forgetting the glorious achievements of lord Nelson and sir Richard Strachan . Three of four lines of Mr. Fox overturned all the lengthened sophisms of M. Talleyrand . Thus we stand , on the 20th of April , with a refusal to treat , except in conjunction with our allies . Then , what has been done that should have had any ulterior effect upon the negociation ? Every one must see that Mr. Fox thought the negociation at that time at an end . This was confirmed by the long interval of silence which afterwards ensued.—Here , then , I would ask , whether up to this period of the negociation there is any thing which any man can blame , any thing which were it to do , any man would 309 choose to alter ? A right hon . gent . indeed , did choose to taunt ministers on a former occasion with their simplicity and credulity , and affected to ridicule their diplomacy . But is this what the right hon . gent . thinks deserving of ridicule ? If it be true that ministers had claimed from the country the praise of good faith , and dignity in conduct , and of openness and simplicity in diplomatic language , Mr. Fox 's correspondence with Talleyrand might be held forth as their title to that merit . If the people of this country had expected to see a noble simplicity of thought and expression , combined with the most dignified manliness of proceeding , distinguish their diplomacy , they would find the model in Mr. Fox 's letters . If the people of England expected to see a commanding superiority of genius displayed in its diplomatic transactions ; if they wished to see the honour of