But the hon . gent . could surely not think that the officers now on the point of setting out ought to 691 be detained till the accounts should arrive . On the contrary , it was desirable that they should proceed to their destination with all expedition , in order to take such measures as their good sense and experience would point out under all the circumstances of the case . brought up the report of the bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade . stated . that it had been found more adviseable to fix the same period in all the clauses of the bill for the Abolition of the Trade , namely , the 1st of May next , and to introduce a proviso , allowing vessels employed in the trade which had cleared out from the ports of this country for Africa previous to that day , to complete their cargoes in Africa and trade with them to the West Indies until the 1st of January 1808 , at which period the trade should be finally abolished . He also thought it advisable , in order to obviate any objection with respect to the construction of the general words of the bill , to introduce words for the purpose of limiting its operation to Africa , the West Indies and other parts of America . His lordship proposed amendments in the clauses of the bill to the effect he had stated , and some verbal amendments , which were all agreed to . The proviso introduced on Friday was struck out , and another proposed by the noble lord , allowing vessels which should have cleared out from the ports of this country for Africa previous to the 1st of May next to take in their lading in Africa , and trade with their cargoes to the West Indies until the first of January 1808. suggested , that as the loss of a vessel or other unavoidable accident might prevent the arrival of a cargo from Africa in the West Indies within the time limitted , it might be adviseable to make an exception for such a case . said , that the period of the first of January , 1808 , had been fixed upon for the purpose of making an amply sufficient allowance of time for the voyages to be completed . He had no objection however , to the introduction of words for the purpose of providing for the occurrence of circumstances such as those mentioned by the noble and learned lord.—After a 692 short conversation between lords Redesdale , Grenville , and earl Stanhope , it was agreed , to introduce words , excepting from the operation of the bill those cases where the voyage to the West Indies could not be completed within the time limited , on account of capture , the loss of the vessel , or other unavoidable accident , the proof of which to lie on the party.—On the question for engrossing the bill , rose and spoke to the following effect : `` My lords , I can not suffer this opportunity to escape , without declaring my sincere and ardent satisfaction at the decision of your lordships . My lords , you have performed a great and signal act of humanity , you have executed a great legislative measure of relief to an oppressed and degraded population . The reasons and arguments which many noble lords have thought proper , with such eloquence and perspicuity , to introduce , have been felt by me with their fullest force ; but there is one of such an important nature and in which such serious interests are involved , that I trust I shall be excused for submitting it to your lordships , more particularly as it has not been adverted to in any previous discussion . The moral and religions consequences which may be expected to accrue from this salutary and humane act of legislative justice , are many and extremely desirable ; for hitherto they have been entirely neglected—neglected , not by the clergymen in the respective islands , but it is a neglect