that we could make , could have been an equivalent to France for the restoration of the kingdom of Naples . It therefore necessarily became a discussion of equivalents , with the view of indemnifying the king of Naples for the loss of his kingdom somewhere else . With respect to Sicily , the king of Naples was still in possession of that island , or rather , I would say , it was in the possession of a 265 brave , and , as it has been proved , an invincible British army . That army had entered the island with the consent of the king of Naples , who had received them there in the full confidence that they would defend it bravely and gallantly against the enemy , and at the same time in the full persuasion that the island would not be given up to the enemy . Would it not , therefore , have been an indelible disgrace to this country to have given up Sicily to France upon their offer of an equivalent ? Was it for us to traffic with Sicily , and to dispose of it , without the consent of its sovereign ? if the king of Naples chose to surrender his dominions for what he might consider a sufficient equivalent , upon the continent of Europe , he was , of course , at liberty to make such an exchange ; but it was not for us to traffic with Sicily , and barter it away for any equivalent , without the consent of its sovereign.—With respect to Hanover , my lords , I feel some difficulty in addressing your lordships upon that topic , not that there is any doubt as to the clearness of the principle upon which our negociation with respect to that electorate rests , or as to the injustice committed by the enemy upon the territories of that electorate , but from a doubt that from some perversion or distortion of what is clear and obvious , there should be an idea entertained that our beneficent sovereign had for a moment wished to sacrifice any British interest to the re-attainment of Hanover . My lords , his majesty , with that beneficence which has always characterized his reign , had not the remotest wish that the least British interest should be sacrificed for the purpose of obtaining the restoration of Hanover . But , my lords , the restoration of Hanover to its sovereign was a point in which the honour of this country was deeply involved . It was said by a great statesman , now no more , after some remarks relative to Hanover , that if Hanover was invaded on account of its connection with this country , he would as soon fight for Hanover as for Hampshire , the honour of the country being equally involved in both cases . Hanover , my lords , was at peace with France , it was not connected in any way which could be a legitimate cause for war between France and that electorate ; yet Hanover was seized by France soon after the latter power had declared war against this country , and for no other reason than because it was thought by France a good means of injuring this 266 country , to invade and take possession of Hanover . Hanover was therefore sacrificed to injustice on the part of France for the express purpose of injuring this country . Would it not , therefore , be disgraceful in us not to insist upon the restoration of Hanover to its sovereign , from whom it had been taken , solely on account of its connection with this country . The restoration of Hanover , thus unjustly seized , was therefore insisted upon as an indispensable preliminary to the negociation . The French government felt the injustice of the act , and consented to restore it . This was consented to , previous to the commencement of the negociation , and never afterwards became an object of dispute . And your lordships are perfectly aware , as is clearly evinced by the papers