that no very immediate prospect opened of a restoration of the tranquillity of Europe , but trusted that some check would yet be given to the ambition and domination of France ; one step to which he believed , under Providence , had been accomplished in that close union of England and Russia , a country which the machinations of France had now bound to us more intimately than ever . He considered the good faith , candour , and moderation of this country , as conspicuously set forth in the papers before the house . He was one of those who lamented most deeply the death of that great and illustrious person who commenced the work of negociation , so short a time before the stroke of death cut the thread of his life—a life which nothing but death could prevent from being serviceable to his country and mankind . But it had pleased Providence to give him the opportunity of putting upon record those principles of moderation , good faith , and justice , by which he was guided , in those writings . Out of such transactions as these arose the permanent honour and glory of states : these were lasting , while others were transitory . Thus was national honour and true public glory preserved , and handed down to late posterity . These papers would form a volume in the history of the present times , highly honourable to the great person who commenced them , and to those who conducted them . asked , whether it was intended to report this address to-morrow , as in that case he would not trouble the house at the late hour to which the debate had been protracted , but would state what he had to say , on bringing up the report . thought it an unusual course of proceeding , to adjourn a debate upon the subject of an address where the house was unanimous as to the general object of that address . He had no wish to prevent the learned gent . from addressing the house , and however long his speech might be , he assured him he would listen to it with patience . took a review of all the circumstances connected with the negociation , from which he drew these conclusions ; that the enemy were never seriously desirous of peace , and that ministers were the dupes of the artifice of the French government . The object of the enemy for engaging in the negociation was to play off England against Russia , and to compel 415 M. d ' Oubril to sign such a treaty as they wished , by persuading him that the British government was on the point of concluding a separate peace . He considered , as a subject of deep regret , that a man of Mr. Fox 's great talents and incorruptible mind , had been betrayed into a private and confidential correspondence with such a man as his attached friend M. Talleyrand . He blamed ministers for not having sooner put an end to the negociation , and declared his firm conviction that no peace could take place with France , at least such a peace as would be worthy of the acceptance of this country , as long as the force and councils of that country were directed by two such men as Buonaparte and Talleyrand . He then adverted to the situation of this country in relation to America . He said he understood that a Treaty of Amity had been concluded between us within these few days . He disapproved of the manner in which our affairs had been conducted with the United States , for they had terrified us into a compliance with their object ; and if there had been a spark of spirit in his majesty 's councils , that disposition would have been resisted . They had passed a law by which our goods were prohibited to be imported into their territories , and this law he understood to have been actually enforced . The government of this country ought not to have acted in