of the means of subsistence , the recruiting service was conducted with unusual success ; he meant in the year 1800 . Even then , only 1878 men were raised , leaving a surplus of 277 in favour of the present time . Was it not under such circumstances correct to say , that the plan was progressively improving in its effects , and that , at least as far as it had operated , it had fully answered what had been predicted of the result ? But it was said , that now the purchase was a purchase of service for only seven years , then it was for life . No doubt the proper allowance should be made for any reduction in the term of duty ; and on the contrary side were to be placed , the other facilities in and of the service , and the enrolling at reduced bounties . Again , his right hon . friend asserted , that a superior order of men was obtained , and , what was most material , that the number of desertions was greatly reduced . It was yet more satisfactory , that the diminution of these desertions was applicable to the time between the enlisting and joining the respective corps , which 510 was a convincing proof of the amelioration both of the condition of the army , and of the members who compose it . At a former time , out of 1,878 recruits , it was found , one in ten , or about 188 , had deserted ; in 1805 , out of 1,208 , there were 174 deserters , or one in seven ; now , out of 2,155 , only 155 , or one in 13 . This was no trifling recommendation of the plan of his right hon . friend . The opponents to it however asserted , that if their two projects of recruiting were taken collectively , then the advantage was in favour of the former methods . But it should be recollected that , under the Additional Force act , age and height were disregarded . Yet , notwithstanding this , including only the last 2 weeks , there was an excess in favour of the new scheme ; in one the number was 221 , in the other 225 men . With all these facts pressing on the attention of the committee , he trusted they would concur with him that there was an evident improvement , and that the means were fully competent to the end proposed . Only 3 months had been allowed for this experiment , and the result was obvious ; in the case of the Parish bill , nearly two years had been allowed to try its efficacy , and it remained still unproductive . It was not surprising then , that he should be sanguine as to the result , but he would not admit his good opinion of the measure to conceal from him any of its defects . If it were the fact , that the pensions and emoluments might be obtained by persons without the performance of the duties which should entitle them to such rewards , he should have no difficulty in admitting that such a pernicious circumstance should not be allowed , and some provision should be made to prevent it . But was it perfectly clear that this was the fact ? The learned gent . said , that by fraud a man might obtain these advantages . Was he a lawyer , instructed in all the erudition of his profession ? and was it necessary to inform him , that by the laws of England no man can sustain any demand founded upon a fraud . The hon . and learned gent . supposed a case where a man inlisted when he was subjected to fits or sudden derangement . Did not that learned gent . know the form of the oath administered , and that perjury must be perpetrated to procure admission under such circumstances ? and , indeed , there were prosecutions grounded on this violation of moral and religious duty