, that French colonial produce should be warehoused as British stores , and pay duties in this country . After the statement of his learned friend , it was not necessary to go more at length into this question . expressed his surprise that any reluctance should be betrayed to grant papers , for the production of which the most constitutional parliamentary grounds could be urged : that at least was his opinion , and he did not despair of being able to maintain it . The paper that was moved for , bore upon the face of it every possible mark of imbecility and indecision . All the commercial towns in the kingdom , indeed the whole country , considered it in that light , and lamented the want of that vigour and energy which should characterise the measures of a British Administration . The house was told , indeed , that to push measures to a proper degree of retaliation would be to act in a manner not only injurious to neutral powers , but prejudicial to the interest , of our own commerce . He was at a loss to see any satisfactory proof of such an assertion . In his mind , the real cause of this pusillanimous forbearance , was the fear of offending America , the dread of breaking off the treaty lately pending between this country and the American government . That was the pistol held to the breast of ministers ; and this their great anxiety to ward it off . He was happy , however , to learn that ministers did not mean to stop here , and that the present measure was only an experiment . If any thing farther was done , the country would be indebted for it to the motion made that night by the hon . and learned gent . Mr. Perceval ) ; for without such incitement he was sorry to observe , that ministers seemed of themselves little disposed to adopt any thing like vigorous and energetic measures . although he felt it almost unnecessary to add any thing to what had already been offered upon that side of the question which it was his wish to defend , yet he could not reconcile it to himself to give a silent vote , and therefore as no one among those with whom he had the honour to act , seemed disposed to address the house , he could not forbear to request its indulgence for a few moments . As to the grounds upon which he felt it his duty to resist the production of the document alluded to in the motion , and which grounds were not correctly stated by the mover , he would take occasion to state them shortly to the house . Those grounds were , that unless a parliamentary ground were laid for the production of any public document , it was not usual to grant it ; therefore it was by no means a matter of course to accede to such motions . And in opposing the learned gentleman 's motion , he felt that he was supporting a constitutional principle of that house , so far as it regarded the regularity of its proceedings . He could not assent to the production of this paper , precisely for the reason which the learned gent . was so often forward to assert when on his side of the house ; namely , as he before said , until a parliamentary ground for its production was made out . Why , then , if such an objection were conformable to the usage of the house , and the suggestions of common sense , it was for the house to examine the nature of the ground alleged for such a motion , to enquire whether it would be consistent with its duty , with the interests of the country , and the confidence fairly due to his majesty 's government to enter into the discussion . —With respect to the learned gent . 's charge , that he had manifested a disposition to desert the general principles which , while