true feelings and expressions of national honour.—Sir , the note in question , at the same time that it demands the previous recognition of the basis of actual possession , admits , `` that an indemnification `` may be found for Sicily , and that pro '' positions may be accepted for the ex '' change of territory between the two con '' tracting parties upon just and equal `` principles . '' ( p. 148 ) . Sir , may we be allowed to ask , why not , as in the ordinary transactions of life , go at once to the substance , and dispense with the formalities , the recognition of which can not conduce to any good purpose ? Why not proceed to discuss those exchanges which it is admitted may be made , instead dwelling upon a preliminary admission , which , when obtained , would not , in the slightest degree have accelerated the work ? The recognition of a technical basis , which , whatever was her original proposition , you knew that France was now indisposed to admit , which , at all events , she would not be compelled to acknowledge , and which it does not appear to me to have been necessary or adviseable to send a fresh plenipotentiary merely to urge . But whatever may have been the course which I , as a person ardently wishing that every facility , consistent with national faith and honour , should have been given to this great work , might deem most proper , certain it is , that the course which was actually pursued after the arrival of lord Lauderdale at Paris , 354 created a difficulty which delayed its progress during the whole of that valuable and irreparable period , which elapsed between the 7th of Aug. and the 18th of Sept.—My noble friend has commented with just severity upon the Note which was delivered by general Clarke to the English mission , ( p . 150 . ) in answer to that which I have just mentioned . Undoubtedly , in that paper is contained great intemperance of expression , much vague and false reasoning , much exaggerated statement , and a great deal of assertion as to the possessions which the French emperor would retain , provided the basis of uti possidetis should be adopted . However Moravia , part of Hungary , the whole of Austria , & c. might have been his by the right of conquest , they had been restored by treaty , and , at the time of opening the correspondence , were not in the possession of France.—But in this note , the basis of actual possession is positively and violently rejected , and it is said that France will treat upon that basis alone , which was proposed by Mr. Fox , namely , `` that the treaty should be ho '' nourable to each party , and its allies ; `` and at the same time of a nature to in '' sure , as far as should be in their power , `` the future tranquillity of Europe , accom '' panied by an acknowledgement in favour `` of both powers , of the right of inter '' ference and guarantee in continental `` and maritime affairs . '' —According to the instructions given , no alternative was left to the English plenipotentiaries , after the step which had been taken , and the reception it had met with , but to demand their passports , and immediately to quit Paris . Passports were accordingly demanded , but the demand was eluded , as is said in the Declaration , by an unusual and unexplained delay , from the 9th to the 11th of August . The conduct of the French government in acting so directly in opposition to all established forms , in violation of that perfect freedom which must be allowed at all times to accredited ministers sent to treat with a hostile power for the great object of peace , has been deservedly reprobated . But I think the hon . gent . who