to acquiesce in this condition ; but no sooner was he set at ease by the retirement of the Russian army , no sooner had he secured an opening for negociation with this country , ( and perhaps also at Petersburgh —but of that we have no positive evidence ) than he found himself at liberty to press Prussia with less reserve—he insisted upon `` the recall of the patent by which the occupation of Hanover was declared provisional—and upon the ports being shut against the British flag in the same manner as if the French had returned into the electorate . '' Prussia had then no choice but war , or compliance , at the risque of war with England . She saw this risque , but could not avoid it . She saw that France `` triumphed in secret at the thought of having disunited two courts , the union of which might have been dangerous to her '' — ( these , sir , are the words of the king of Prussia ) . We either did not see this , or seeing regarded it not ; for we fell into the snare , and the message of the 21st of April placed us in a state of war with Prussia . —And here , sir , I must take the liberty to remind the noble lord of an error into which he fell on the first night of the session , in correcting what he stated , ( and , I have no doubt , really thought at the time ) to be an error of mine , respecting the co-incidence of our negociation with France , and our war with Prussia . I had said , and I think truly , that the message of the 21st of April did not give to parliament a fair view of the subject on which they were to express an opinion ; that whether Prussia had afforded just cause of war , by the occupation of Hanover , and by the shutting of the ports , was one question—a question upon which there could be no difference of opinion , and was none ; —but whether it was wise and politic to act upon this cause of war , was a question that could not be fairly decided without reference to the negociation with France , of which not one word was mentioned to parliament : for it might very well be a clear case that it was adviseable to vindicate Hanover by war with Prussia , if there were no other way of attaining the same object , —while if we were at the same moment attempting to gain the same object by negociation with France , it might be matter of very 402 doubtful policy whether we would resort to a war which , however just , might be altogether unnecessary.— The noble lord 's answer to this argument was extremely short , and , had it been true , would have been conclusive . `` What will be the surprise of the hon . gentleman , '' said the noble lord , `` when I tell him that there was no negociation going on with France at the time of the Prussian message ? Mr. Fox 's letter of the 26th of March had , in our apprehension , brought the intercourse with France to a close ; and the circumstance of a month having elapsed without any new communication from France had confirmed us in that opinion . '' [ p . 65 . ] I , sir , stood rebuked . I had then taken my information from the French publication , in which that letter of Mr. Fox which alone could be in the noble lord 's contemplation , the letter which decisively insists upon the points in dispute between him and M.Talleyrand , and which was followed by a pause of a month in the correspondence , was dated not on the 26th of March , but on the 20th or 21st of April , that is to say , within a day of the Prussian message . Look , sir