equality with the loan , and for adding the interest of the sum borrowed to the amount of the loan in each year , whilst the interest , and sinking fund upon that interest , was to be defrayed out of the consolidated fund , to be afterwards replaced out of the excesses of the sinking fund , he considered that as the most ruinous system that could be devised . The sum to be provided in the first year would be small ; but without troubling the committee with the intermediate accumulation , he should state , that before the excesses should accrue in 1816 , the sum to be provided in the year would be eleven millions , the aggregate sums borrowed would be one hundred and forty-eight or nine millions , and the charge upon the consolidated fund would be five hundred thousand pounds . Such a system would be much more ruinous than this plan of supplementary loans . The general result of the two plans would be , that by the noble lord 's plan the amount of the debt created would be , in 1826 , 273,560,531l . with a sinking fund of 8,960,987l . ; and by the new plan , the amount of the debt would be 304,884,442l . with a sinking fund of 19,368,000l . So that with a small increase of the public debt , there would be more than double the amount of the sinking fund . As to the other plan of the noble lord , it departed from the principle of giving immediate relief to the country , by providing that we should go on as at present , till the sinking fund should equal the amount of the loan . To this he had a fundamental objection , because it proposed to lay on 730,000l . taxes annually , till the sinking fund should reach the assumed limit , at a time when it was universally agreed , that all taxation should be avoided . This plan did not include the possibility of an increase of expenditure , which would overturn the foundation upon which it rested . An increase of expenditure would create an increasing debt , whilst the sinking fund would be stationary.—Having proceeded somewhat further in the discussion of the comparative merits of the system he had the honour to bring forward , and that recommended by the opposite side of the house , the noble lord dilated upon the benefits which his system promised to produce . Among other ad 820 vantages , he stated that it was peculiarly calculated to occasion that which was most important in a country like this , namely , to keep up the price of stocks . If they were inclined to advance , this system would serve to promote that advance ; and , on the other hand , if they were upon the decline , this system was of such a nature as must operate and counteract that tendency . Indeed , the effects of this system upon the stocks had been already experienced . The happiest omen of its character had been manifested in the rise of stocks , even within the period that had elapsed since its original proposition . It was , in fact , evident that it served to encourage the confidence , and confirm the hopes of that most intelligent body of men , the monied interest , who were not to be deceived by imposing schemes or fallacious calculations—who were not likely to attach themselves to any project , the ruinous tendency of which was , according to the gentlemen on the opposite bench , perfectly obvious . Another effect of this system would be to keep down the price of provisions , or at least prevent those fluctuations in prices which so mischievously tended to depreciate the value of money . For as it precluded additional taxation , it must naturally serve to promote the end of placing provisions and other articles affected by taxation , on terms more easily within the reach of Government and the people . The noble lord concluded with observing that those