whole business nu–gatory , and would indeed operate to stifle the enquiry , as none of the necessary witnesses were then in attendance , nor could , perhaps , be immediately found . He therefore should postpone the subject until the next day influenced by what had fallen from the chair , did not mean to press any farther proceeding that night . But , in order to obviate the possibility of any misconception or misconstruction arising out of what the noble lord had said relative to the idea of rendering this business nuga–tory , or stifling enquiry , he thought it neces–sary to repeat the substance of what he had before stated . In urging the noble lord to move at once for referring the pe–tition on the table to a committee of privi–leges , he by no means proposed that the noble lord should at once be called on to produce his witnesses , and go into the en–quiry ; on the contrary , he had distinctly stated , that a future day should be ap–pointed for the committee to sit . There–fore , no expression whatever had escaped him which could warrant any man in sup–posing that he wished the noble lord to be taken by surprise , or hurried into the en–quiry without ample preparation . Now , in order that full time should be allowed the noble lord to prepare and bring for–ward his witnesses , he proposed that the further consideration of this subject should be postponed till Monday expressed his willingness to adopt the suggestion of the noble secre–tary of state , by postponing till Monday his intended motion upon the subject of Mr. Paull 's petition wished to know the precise nature of the noble lord 's motion , in order that gentlemen should have an opportunity previously to consider it : for with all the desire that he felt to have a charge of such aggravated character probed to the bottom , still he might feel himself under the necessity of negativing the noble lord 's motion , should it prove to be incorrect in its nature felt himself unable to give a precise answer to the learned gent . 's question , particularly in consequence of what had fallen from the noble secretary of state . He therefore could not at present say distinctly what would be the form of his motion ; but he had no objection to state generally , that the object of it would be to have witnesses called to the bar for examina- 1004 tion as to the charges alleged in the petition before he proposed to name ano–ther day for the consideration of the Fi–nancial Resolutions he had laid before the house , wished to take this opportunity of submitting three other resolutions which he proposed to bring under its consideration . He did not wish to enter into any detail that could provoke discussion or call for reply . His object was , simply to state the object of the new resolutions he meant to propose . He felt himself called upon to bring forward these resolutions , and par–ticularly in consequence of certain expres–sions which fell from an hon . gent . ( Mr. H. Thornton ) , whose opinions were much looked up to on all subjects , but particu–larly on subjects of this nature . That hon . gent . had complained that his ( lord C. 's ) reso–lutions instituted comparisons between the noble lord 's system and the old mode ( Mr. Pitt 's ) of raising the expenses within the year , and not with either of the plans he proposed to substitute , and that this was not fair at a time when it was universally agreed that further taxation ought to be abstained from . Two of the resolutions he had now to propose , were to shew that the noble lord 's plan would bear as little comparison with the modifications of it which he had proposed , as with the old system . The third resolution was to shew , that by the noble lord 's mode of managing the sinking fund ,