any earlier period at which he could properly have come away . There are many such periods . The very first refusal of passports was one ; the insolent excuse assigned for that refusal in M. Talleyrand 's note of the 10th of August , ( p. 161 ) an excuse in fact amounting to the declaration that M. Talleyrand will again withhold the passports required , if he again thinks it advisable to do so , —was another the first official denial of the basis was another ; the period of lord Lauderdale 's discovery that the negociation was `` all a farce , '' was another . At any one of these periods lord L. might hive come away , and I should have thought him right in doing so . But I do not therefore blame him for not having taken a step of so much delicacy on any of these occasions . Lord L. stood in a situation of great difficulty . An error on the side of war might have been less forgiven than one on the side of peace . And I must say that it is the habit of this country , I think I may add of this house , rather to lean hard upon our foreign ministers , and not to make sufficient allowance for the heavy responsibility under which they often have to act , in circumstances , of which we do not see the difficulty , till we see at the same view how it has been got over . I should gladly have excused lord L. if his patience had been sooner exhausted : but I am not unwilling to own he may have judged more wisely in stretching it to the utmost : and to the ability with which he conducted the business of his mission , and executed his instructions , I bear my testimony as unequivocally as any of his friends who have been most forward in his 406 commendation.—But the commendation of lord L. is not an apology for the government ; what they can have had in view is utterly inscrutable . `` Beaucoup se prépare , '' was the constant language of M. Talleyrand , `` we are meditating great things ; '' and the event has proved that he spoke truth . Had we any mighty preparations on foot , which it required the cloak of a negociation to conceal ? Had we any great stroke of policy to execute ? any splendid enterprise to achieve , which was to burst forth upon the world at the termination of the negociation , as a counterpart to the battle of Jena ? No ; but our gain , it seems , is of another sort . We have gained a thorough knowledge of the ambition and artifice of the enemy ! We have brought away the conviction that a peace was not attainable ; such a peace at least as this country ought to be satisfied to conclude . A great gain , no doubt , to those to whom this knowledge was altogether new : but having been for about 14 years impressed with that opinion of the enemy which is now said to be put beyond all question , I am perhaps the less sensible of the advantage . A salutary conviction I am ready to allow , for those who went in search of such a peace in the sanguine expectation of finding it ; but to me who did not suppose it possible even to expect such a peace at this time , the experiment , if not altogether superfluous , appears at least to have been unnecessarily long.—But this is not all ; we have established to our own satisfaction the justice of our cause . Here again I am unfortunately insensible of the value of what has been gained : for from the beginning of the war in 1793 ( for I reckon as nothing the interval of peace ) I have never doubted the justice of the cause of this country against revolutionary France . I am a stranger therefore to those transports which recent