my speech , I looked forward to the period at which I am now arrived ; and was I not justified in Saying that the unfortunate introduction of that technical term of diplomacy was the bane of the negociation ? —Sir , we are afterwards informed that M. Talleyrand , in another conference to which he was admitted by lord Lauderdale , and in which he evinced much personal civility , and disposition to please , presented a note , which 361 from the manner of his presenting it , [ No . 50 , p. 189 ] does not appear to have been altogether such as he could have wished to have had committed to him , and which certainly did contain , according to his own phrase , both evil and good . In that note there is much unnecessary and irrelevant matter ; much that marks prejudice and irritation ; much that is objectionable ; but there are many points stated , of which it would have been well if the allies could have taken advantage . Sir , it is stated that `` the emperor adheres to the following proposal . That the negotiations between France and England shall continue , and the minister of his Britannic majesty shall be at liberty to introduce into the treaty either as a secret article , or in any other form which would answer the same end , whatever he may conceive would tend to reconcile the differences between the two countries . '' `` That the emperor will not hesitate to `` make some sacrifices , in order to acce '' lerate peace , and render it durable . `` — '' That France does not pretend to dic '' tate either to England or Russia , any `` more than she will be dictated to by ei '' ther of those powers . '' `` Let the con '' ditions be equal , just , and moderate ; `` and peace is concluded . `` —Sir , it would be injustice not to allow that the answer returned by lord Lauderdale ( p. 192 ) to this note was dignified and moderate ; but , sir , matters with Prussia were unhappily drawing to a crisis . The time in which temperate and repeated discussion might have relieved all difficulties , was irrevocably gone : and lord Lauderdale was informed of general Clarke 's departure from Paris , to accompany the emperor . A conference , however , soon took place with the remaining minister , M. Champagny , [ No . 51 , p . 193 . ] when at length the terms on which France would consent to make peace , were opened by that gentleman . These were , the cession of Hanover and its dependencies to Great Britain : To confirm the possession of Malta : The absolute possession of the Cape : The confirmation of Pondicherry , Chandernagore , Mahee , & c. in the East Indies . Also Tobago : The Balearick islands , as an indemnity for Sicily ; and an annuity to the king of the two Sicilies from the crown of Spain . The answer given by lord Lauderdale was , that no proposition respecting an exchange for Sicily could be attended to , and that he was bound to insist peremptorily upon all 362 the demands of Russia . In the subsequent conference which took place on the 26th of Sept. , [ No . 52 , p . 197 . ] the demand on the part of Russia was again insisted upon , and the French plenipotentiary said he had no authority to make any offer for Russia , further than the full sovereignty of Corfu . This was positively rejected , and the negociation declared to be at an end . Notwithstanding M. Champagny again pressed for another conference , and held out the prospect of receiving fresh instructions.— Another conference was actually agreed to by lord Lauderdale , but whether it took place is not , I think , quite clear : and if it did , we are not informed of the particulars