, to the parties interested ; this being the only time 973 during the discussion of the question , that the two houses of parliament were likely to agree in this measure . The hon . gent . entered into a calculation of the number of births and burials , and concluded with some observations on the causes which operated against the increase of negro population Mr. Speaker ; I am aware how hopeless the wish , even if I possessed the power of engaging the attention of the house , upon a subject al–ready so exhausted ; and , therefore , if I can not hope to be new , I shall at least endeavour to be short ; but I feel also , that in addressing a British audience in the cause of justice and humanity , an apology would be little than an offence . The able statement of the noble lord ( Howick ) , and the eloquent speech of the hon . mem–ber for Yorkshire , have , by anticipating much of what I had to offer , considerably increased my difficulties in addressing the house , for I feel that it would be as inju–dicious with regard to myself , as injurious to the cause I have at heart , were I , by repetition , to weaken what has been so strongly and so irresistibly established . I shall , therefore , confine myself to observing upon what has been urged by the counsel at your bar , and what has fallen in the course of this night 's debate . The learned counsel ( Mr. Dallas ) , in his ingenious speech , laid much stress upon the policy of continuing this trade . Now , sir , I positively deny that any policy can be sound , that is grafted upon injustice and oppression ; but least of all can British policy rest upon such foul and hollow grounds . But , if I had any doubts on the score of policy , they would have been removed when I re–flect , that the two greatest men this or any other country ever produced , differing upon almost all other points , agreed , not upon the humanity and justice merely , but upon the sound policy of the measure , as con–nected with the general interest of the empire and its colonies ; thus clubbing , if I may say so , their great talents in favour of the present measure . But , sir , an addi–tional proof of its policy is deducible from the undivided sentiments of his majesty 's present ministers ; not , indeed , from their power , for that would never induce me to give an opinion contrary to my feelings , or to what I conceive to be the true interest of my country , but because the great responsibility rests with them , of giving a due direction to the policy of the country ; and , 974 beside , they are free from the influence of personal interest or of local prejudice , whereas , many of those who oppose the measure have an interest in the event , or are pleading for friends who have ; and though I impute none but the purest mo–tives to those gentlemen , yet it is in the nature of man , that a bias will impercep–tibly and involuntarily insinuate itself into the opinions of men , whose personal ad–vantage is mixed with public measures ; whereas personal interest , if it could have any weight with ministers , must operate in a contrary direction , for we all know that the anti-abolitionists have a strong force in parliament , whereas there is not a single vote to be got on the whole continent of Africa . He also called for your justice and humanity , but , strange to tell , he ap–plied those terms , not to the oppressed , but to the proud oppressor—not to him who suffered , but to him who did the wrong.—The next argument of the learned counsel was , that our ancestors having permitted the Slave