duke of Portland to the lord lieutenant of Ireland in 1795 , when his grace was secretary for foreign affairs . His lordship then referred to the letter , and proceeded to observe , that as the principle of the institution had been acquiesced in ever since 1795 , it was very strange that the present grant should be resisted ; for , as gentlemen had acknowledged the principle , it followed that they could not refuse such additional grants as times and circumstances might render necessary , as the operation of that very principle to which they had given their assent . This was the argument arising from their own concession ; but in support of the argument he could instance a fact , which must , he was confident , establish the necessity for encouraging home education for the catholic priests of Ireland . He was sorry he had not the document about him then , but the fact was , that Dr. Walsh , a priest of talents , who was appointed head of the college established in Paris for the education of catholic priests , had used every influence , and all means in his power , to induce such of the Irish catholic youth as were in Lisbon for the purpose of their education , to go to his college . He had offered them not only education , but had opened to their view every temptation which he thought most likely to withdraw them from their king and country . On a representation of the matter to the catholic bishops 1088 in Ireland , they treated , it as it deserved , and denounced exclusion from the faith against any who might be weak enough to fall into the snare laid for their allegiance . This threat had the desired effect . But surely we should not leave his majesty 's subjects of any description exposed to the temptations of the enemy ; and what could more effectually give us security in the present instance than the establishment of a college for the education of the catholic youth for priesthood ? It had been properly stated by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , that the sums granted for Protestant establishments were very considerable ; they were so ; but what would naturally be the feelings of the Catholics if parliament refused this trifling addition ? They were men capable of being roused by neglect or insult as well as others . They should not therefore be refused the protection of the state , and the participation of the advantages of religious education . Did they not contribute by their industry and property to the taxes of the state ? Did they contribute nothing to the church establishment ? Did they not pay tithes to the Protestant clergy ? Did they not , as well as any other description of subjects , contribute to the wealth and security of the empire ? This could not be denied . Why then should they be excluded by the house of commons from religious education , or , in other words , from Christianity itself ? He really thought the arguments advanced by the right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) on this subject , were the most futile he had ever heard from him . He fully agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , that we had too long neglected to take the situation of Ireland seriously into consideration . He confessed that we were deeply criminal for the part we had acted ; but he also hoped that we should begin to discharge the long arrear against us . For his own part , he candidly owned , that he should feel that the proudest and happiest day of his existence when he might be able to set about the work of making up for the time which had been mispent with respect to Ireland . On the whole , if circumstances made it necessary to have the grant larger , he should most cordially support it ; of course , he gave his