was pursued . That there had been 352 in the case of Sicily , and possibly in some other points , something of tergiversation and chicanery on the part of France , is undeniable ; but if it was fit to pursue the negociation at all , it was fit to pursue it in the spirit of conciliation and peace , both as to form and substance : and to judge from his manner of treating , I must say , it appears to me that lord Lauderdale 's instructions were not judiciously drawn.—Sir , from the papers before you we find that lord Lauderdale arrived at Paris on the 9th of August and in a dispatch , dated on the 9th , he informs this government of interviews which had taken place between the English plenipotentiaries and general Clarke , to whom had been added M. Champagny as coadjutor , which had been announced to the earls of Lauderdale and Yarmouth , with `` something like an insi '' nuation that an unfair advantage had `` been taken by the English government `` by the appointment of two ministers on `` their part . '' [ No . 35 , p . 114 . ] I confess , sir , that I wish lord Lauderdale had omitted so invidious a communication to his court . It does not appear in the true spirit of amity , that any thing so vague and uncertain , as `` something like an insinuation '' should be seriously noticed and recorded . I am the more confirmed in the wish I have expressed , by adverting to the dispatch from the English cabinet , dated the 14th of August , [ No . 38 , p. 163 ] wherein the expression I have quoted , is so strongly taken up as to make it the ground of lord Yarmouth 's recall from Paris.— Sir , the conference which took place immediately after lord Lauderdale 's arrival at Paris is rendered for ever memorable by the delivery of a Note , ( p. 145 ) signed by the new English negociator , doubtless , in strict conformity to his instructions , which indeed , did raise the uti possidetis into a sine quâ non , and threw such an inpediment in the way of pacification , as was not surmounted till the period for a temperate discussion of terms was passed ; the whole of the intermediate time having been lost in a fruitless dispute upon a barren proposition , which France nevertheless , as I shall hereafter shew , made an effort to surmount , an effort which might unquestionably have been highly improved . This same proposition we ourselves at last abandoned , for the purpose of doing that , which we ought to have done in the outset , namely , of considering the terms upon which a peace honourable to both countries might be ef- 353 fected.—Sir , my noble friend has paid to lord Lauderdale the tribute due to him from ministers for the faithful discharge of his duty ; for the spirit with which he upheld the honour of the nation confided to his care , and for the ability with which he performed his various functions . I wish not to detract from that praise . They have both now , and in their dispatches addressed to him , done him no more than justice : and I am sure but little impression can have been made on the house by that part of the speech of the hon . gent . to which I have before alluded , wherein he tried to expose the noble earl to ridicule for the easiness with which he suffered himself to be duped , and the tameness with which he suffered the character of the nation he represented , to be insulted . Sir , to uphold the character of a great country is the first duty of a negociator , but not the only one . There is a skill which will combine firmness with conciliation , and obtain the object sought for without the slightest departure from the