had not been explicit . If he meant to say that they could not be exported with safety , explanation was still requisite , for he had been explicit neither on the one point nor on the other . He hoped , therefore , that the noble lord would have no objection to remove all doubt on this subject , by giving a full explanation of his meaning . This was material , as the note in question had created much anxiety , among the commercial and manufacturing interests of the country . would be glad to be able to answer any question which was stated to be of importance to the commercial and manufacturing interests of the country . How far the hon , general might think explanation necessary , he did know , but the house would immediately see that his question , if he rightly understood it , was one which he could not possibly answer . The hon . general had said , that a considerable impression had been created among the commercial and manufacturing interests of the nation by the note which be had written . How any impression should have been conveyed by that beyond the simple fact , he was at a loss to conceive , He had merely stated the simple fact , that a Treaty of a certain description had been signed by the respective commissioners . What was to follow upon that , he could not take upon him to say . It would be improper at present to go any farther than the bare fact . He had stated , that there was such a treaty , leaving it to others to draw such a conclusion as they should see fit . In this , however , as in all treaties , the most obvious inference would be , that since it was signed by persons duly authorised , it would in due time be ratified . If there was such a treaty , and the inference was that it would be ratified , it might naturally be concluded that the pro- 446 hibitions would be taken off . But all that he could take upon him to say at present was , that there was a treaty of amity , commerce , & . as he had stated in his letter . He could only communicate the fact , leaving it to others to draw such inference , as the fact might appear to them to warrant . A learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) the other night had adverted to this treaty , and seemed desirous to know whether we had bound ourselves down to a particular system of action with regard to the American and Neutral Navigation and Commerce , or whether his majesty had reserved to himself a right to proceed as far as was necessary to counteract the designs of the enemy , by using means equally severe against his commerce as he used against ours . He had no objection to answer that question . His majesty had reserved to himself a right to proceed with as much rigour against the French commerce as the chief of the French government had employed against us . This was a right which he hoped his majesty would always reserve to himself . Nothing had been given up therefore on that point by the treaty with America . On taking the chair , the speaker acquainted the house , that he had received a letter from the right hon . W. Wickham , which stated , that having been returned for the borough of Midhurst , and the borough of Callington , he had made his election to serve for the borough of Callington . It also stated , that illness was the cause of his not having made this intimation within the time specified in the orders of the house.—A new writ was ordered for the borough of Blechingley , in the room of J. Dupre Porcher , esq . who , since his election , had accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.—The Malt Duty bill was read a third time , and passed.—Mr . Vansittart