a British port . They might be forced to be entered at the custom-house , and a certain entry imposed , which would contribute to enhance the price , and give a better sale in the foreign market to your own commodities.—Having stated this , he did not go the length of saying that we ought to retaliate to the full extent of our right . All that he said was , that the measure adopted by government was inadequate , and the motion which he meant to have made would not have gone farther than to state that ministers had not taken the most effectual means to avert the evils of our enemy 's injustice from ourselves , or to retaliate to the proper extent upon him . If this motion had passed , he meant to have left it on the table , that ministers , influenced by the weight and authority of this house , might have adopted such further measures as might appear best calculated to answer the intended objects . Now , if he had not succeeded in proving that the plan which he had mentioned was the best that could be adopted , he hoped he had at least shewn that there was something in this order of council that deserved the serious attention and consideration of the house , and that there was no principle which could justify the exclusion of the paper itself . Here he would therefore leave the subject , and only further trespass on the attention of the 633 house by moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that his majesty may be graciously pleased to direct , that there be laid before this house , a copy of the Order of his majesty in Council , dated the 7th of January last , relative to vessels sailing from port to port , such ports respectively being in the possession of France or of her allies . '' began with regretting that he did not feel himself better qualified to resist the arguments , in his mind rather specious than solid , which had been advanced by his hon . and learned friend , in favour of the present motion ; but , however inadequate he might be to the task , he certainly should not shrink from the undertaking of briefly stating his reasons for thinking the present motion unnecessary , and that the reasons by which it was attempted to be supported were more indebted to the plausible ingenuity of his hon . and learned friend 's mode of putting them , than to any intrinsic force in the arguments themselves . The motion , as to the shape in which it at first presented itself , was certainly liable to no serious objection ; but he conceived the question for the house to consider , in the present instance , was , what was the real nature of the motion , and what the ulterior proceedings which were to be founded upon that motion , if acceded to ; and in this view he had no hesitation in maintaining , that the present motion was altogether unprecedented . He called upon his hon . and learned friend to adduce an instance in which parliament consented to the production of a paper until the circumstances of the proceedings to be instituted upon the ground of that paper had been clearly and explicitly laid down , and as generally understood . Ignorance , at least , was not among the pretences , for it had been admitted by his learned friend , that the paper in question had appeared in the London Gazette , and had found its way to the table of every coffee-house in London . This not only proved that there was no necessity for any additional information upon this subject , but tended sufficiently to retort any idle jokes that the volatile humour of gentlemen might tempt them to cast upon the alledged mysteriousness of his majesty 's government . If the publication of the paper now called for , in every daily vehicle of information ,