spoke early in this debate , bore much too hard upon the noble earls in attributing to them any blame for their conduct at this crisis . They insisted upon their passports , and reiterated their request in a laconic , and forcible manner , such as could give no reason to doubt of their being sufficiently alive to the insult which was 355 offered to their mission , and of the necessity there was for full and immediate apology and redress . But , sir , the 11th of August produced another note , signed by MM . Clarke and Champagny , far different in its language and tenour from the intemperate paper which had been before delivered , and which seems to me to have been calculated to remove all the difficulties created by the unfortunate adoption of the two baneful words which destroyed the power of treating.— Sir , I beg the favour of my noble friend , and of the house , to peruse with attention the following paragraph , contained in this note , signed by MM . Champagny and Clarke . `` In laying down the principle of uti possidetis , have the English plenipotentiaries had it in view to propose a means of exchange and of compensation ? If this is the meaning , the emperor adopts it , because it appears to him conformable to the two principles already agreed upon by both parties . '' And having considered the import of this declaration , I request them to compare it with the paragraph contained in the first note signed by lord Lauderdale , part of which I have before quoted , `` He can not consent to treat upon any other principle but that of the uti possidetis , as originally proposed to his sovereign by the court of France ; at the same time he desires it should be well understood , that the adoption of this principle will not prevent him either from listening to any just and adequate indemnification to his Sicilian majesty for the cession of Sicily , or from accepting any proposition for the exchange of territory between the two contracting parties , upon just and equal principles , such as may tend to the reciprocal advantage of the two countries . '' ( p . 148 . ) Having compared these declarations , I would put it to my noble friend , to the house , and to the world , whether there is any substantial , nay , whether there is any formal difference between them ? Why then did not the negociation proceed ? the obstacle was removed ; why was it revived ? the simple answer , yes , on the part of England ; which was the true , the obvious , the politic , the only answer to be given to the question of France , would have broken this unhappy barrier to treating between the two countries , and would have allowed of an immediate investigation , whether such terms as are described in the note of lord Lauderdale could be actually accepted 356 or offered . Here , in my opinion , a golden opportunity was lost , not indeed of making peace ; I can not tell whether peace would have been the issue , nor am I called upon for an opinion upon that point ; but of ascertaining whether peace could be made . But , sir , as this opportunity , amongst others , was missed , it is impossible for me to say , that the continuation of hostilities is entirely owing to the injustice and ambition of France ; and that `` with her altogether rests the awful responsibility . '' [ Vide Declaration , p . 212 . ] It was not possible , certainly , for the English plenipotentiaries to return an answer to this note without an explanation on the subject of the passports which had been so unwarrantably withheld . They consulted their dignity ; a previous explanation was demanded ; an apology was made ; and an answer was returned . It was in adverting to this