hear counsel before the house should go into a committee on the bill , because then gentlemen would in that case be in possession of the leading objections urged by the petitioners against the bill , and perhaps it would appear that all such might be so modified in the committee , as entirely to satisfy all parties ; an object which , whether he considered the character of the learned lord with whom the bill originated , or the great respectability of that class of men who had now petitioned against it , was with him one of no inconsiderable importance . felt it his duty to acquaint the house , that as the bill in question had been read a second time , it was not the regular usage to hear petitioners by their counsel at the bar , in any stage so intermediate as that in the present instance . When the bill was committed , it would be for the committee to exercise its own discretion ; but it was more usual for the house to hear counsel upon the report being brought up . begged leave to observe , that no counsel could be heard in the present stage of the bill , and that were it even not irregular it would be inconvenient , for that he was satisfied the objections of the clergy of Scotland , for whom he entertained the most unfeigned respect , went rather to the apprehended modifications of the bill , than to the principle of the bill itself , for it was neither in the nature , nor was it any part of the object of the bill , to take away any privilege , or to infringe upon any right . He assured the hon . gent . and the house , that nothing was more foreign to the minds of those with whom the bill originated , than any sentiment hostile to the true interests of the Scotch Clergy . The object of the bill was merely to suspend for a limited time , and a very limited time , certain proceedings pending before the commissioners of Teinds , relative to the augmentation of stipends . The court of ses- 612 sions , of which those commissioners were members , would terminate its sittings on the 12th of March , and not resume them before the 12th of May , but the time of suspension was not to exceed the first day of the subsequent sessions : where then , he asked , was the ground for any reasonable complaint of delay , when the recess was to commence so soon , and the time of suspension was to be limited by its termination ? said , he should desire no better testimony to the sincerity of his good wishes to the Church of Scotland than that of the Scotch Clergy themselves . Taught , he might say , from his infancy , to hold that respectable class of the community in proper estimation , he did not think that he could be supposed capable of deliberately introducing into that house any measure that could , in the slightest degree , tend to detract from their privileges , or to alienate their rights : so far from it , that he had it in his intention to submit , upon a future day , to that house , some measure for rendering them more secure and permanent . He was , however , as willing as any gentlemen in that house could be , to hear the petitioners by their counsel : he was anxious that no possible channel of information upon that subject should be closed . The principle of the bill was not objected to , but the modifications which the bill should undergo when in the committee . He was persuaded that when the blanks were filled up in the committee , the petitioners would then see the bill in a clear point of view , and feel , as he did now , how groundless were their apprehensions . When he had the honour of submitting that bill to the house ,