If the committee so properly moved for , should be appointed with the impression which such an opinion , from so high an authority , was calculated to produce , he confessed that his good wishes towards that appointment would be considerably abated . No principle would be more injurious in its operation , according to his judgment , than that of voting to each public officer a certain remuneration for his services , instead of leaving these sinecures to be applied to such purposes , for which only they could be allowed to exist . He disapproved of the system of voting pensions , because he very much feared that under that system the amount of reward would depend too much on ministerial influence or popular clamour , or might be too much calculated to induce the one or irritate the other . He wished rather that the sinecures might remain for those to dispose of , who were best qualified to appreciate the merits to which they ought to be granted , and there was more likelihood that they would be groperly granted . That talents devoted to the service of the state were by any means so well rewarded as the same talents would be in any of the liberal professions , either of the church , medicine , or the bar , he was fully prepared to deny . He meant of course pecuniary reward ; but that was not the object of public men , for their great and generous minds must look to views of 713 a higher nature , and be actuated by motives of a noble character . Indeed , it was for the credit of the country to mention that there were many who had giving up the most lucrative professions , to follow the course to which these lofty motives were calculated to lead ; therefore such men were entitled to the liberal consideration of parliament and the country , when there should be no longer occasion for their services , and when they should happen , from their circumstances to require such liberality . Men who had long occupied , and ably acted in , the high offices of the state , should not be allowed to fall from the connections and rank to which they had been accustomed , in consequence of the illiberality of those whom they had served . Such a thing would be degrading to the character of the country , and he trusted it would never be allowed to occur . Of the principle avowed in his noble friend 's speech he most sincerely approved ; he the more rejoiced to hear the principle stated , because from the knowledge he had of his noble friend 's disposition , he was perfectly confident that it would be acted upon . He was fully persuaded that his noble friend was as well disposed rigidly to apply the principle of economy as any minister could be . At the same that he mentioned this , he could not omit stating , that which might be unknown , that his noble friend 's predecessor ( Mr. Pitt ) carried the principle of economy as far as was practicable , never over-looking any opportunity of retrenchment , or of the abolition of useless places . Indeed he knew that his late right hon . friend had , without ever mentioning a word about it in that house , abolished between 30 and 40 places in the customs and excise , to which his noble friend had alluded in the course of his speech , although his right hon . friend was at the time pressed by many of his friends and connections , to grant those places to others . But no , his late right hon . friend preferred the principle of economy to the gratification of his friends , and the merit of that great man was , that he did such meritorious things without having it ever known to the world . Like the man of Ross , he `` did good by `` stealth , and blushed to find it fame . '' The