circumstance of the Scotch baronet , and the agreement of both the parties in their joint wish for a more distant day . objected to the principle laid down by an hon . gent. , that the sitting member allowed to enjoy the privilege of a seat in that house , had no reason to complain of delay upon the part of the petitioners , because that such a principle might be readily applied to all election petitions , and therefore could not be advanced as peculiar claim upon a peculiar indulgence ; and because that even admitting it , suspense was not of all states the most enviable ; nor did he at all think it unreasonable that the sitting member should wish that his suspense should be put as short a period to as possible , as it was very natural for any man in that house to feel himself more comfortable in the possession of his seat in parliament , when all doubts as to the permanency of that possession was removed . As to the argument of delay upon the grounds of necessary communications , and bringing over Irish agents , it had not been alleged that such delay was not foreseen , and if it was foreseen , there was certainly sufficient time to provide against it , as six weeks had elapsed since the petition had been presented . answered , that the delay that had hitherto occurred , was owing to the absence of the petitioner in Ireland . begged leave to correct the statement of the learned gent . ( Mr. 472 Perceval ) . Six weeks could not possibly have elapsed since the presenting of the petition in question , as the election to which it related was one of the latest in Ireland ; at the same time he would say , that however entitled the circumstance of the present case was to the indulgence of that house , still he was aware that gentlemen should be cautious in establishing a precedent that might in other cases be productive of inconvenient operations . From the connection subsisting between the party petitioning and himself , his lordship said he was unwilling to go into the merits of the question , satisfied that the house would wisely exercise its own discretion , and that if the circumstances were sufficiently strong to justify the present motion , that motion would be acceded to . said , that the return was given in in the first week of December , and contended that , at the time , the party petitioning must have been aware of all the consequent delay a petition would be productive of , and the term of time the preparatory business would necessarily require . maintained , that it was impossible for a party petitioning to be apprised of all the circumstances at the close of the election , and that it was upon this principle that parliament granted 14 days from the first day of their sitting to all persons petitioning . He thought that in general , Irish petitions , with respect to the grant of a distant day , had peculiar claims upon the indulgence of the house . said , that he did not receive notice of this petition till the 3d of January , and yet that since that day he had been able to effect such communication with Ireland , that he professed himself ready at that moment to go before the committee.—The house then divided upon the motion of general Walpole , that the order of the day for hearing the said petition be discharged . Ayes , 67 ; noes , 49 . The petion was then ordered to be taken into consideration on the 17th of March . Lord Castlereagh , before the order of the day should be proceeded upon , wished for some explanation on a point very material to the discussion . The right hon . secretary opposite , on opening his military plan last year , had stated , that it was not intended to apply to the men then serving , the system of discharges at