the house , that it was not his intention to trespass on the time of the house , by entering at length into the consideration of the present subject , particularly as all the papers and documents relating to it had not as yet been laid on the table . He agreed with the noble lord , who had displayed great eloquence and very considerable talents in the vindication of himself and the rest of his majesty 's ministers , that the proper time for considering the important question of negociation with France was , when the whole of the correspondence should be laid before the house . Coinciding with him thus generally on the subject of the negociation as to the fitness of the time for dis- 77 cussing it , he begged leave , however , to observe , that the course pursued by the noble lord and his colleagues in office was not founded in wisdom , nor the propositions of the noble lord borne out by sound argument . Before he undertook to shew the fallacy of the noble lord 's reasoning on many of the general points contained in his speech , he should make a few preliminary remarks on the noble lord 's reply and comments on his right hon . friend 's amendment . Whence arose the noble lord 's exultation and marked display of triumph at his right hon . friend 's resolution not to press the question to a division ? It would appear as if ministers thought themselves certain of the confidence of the house , and secure of a majority ; but , leaving them to enjoy their own feelings on the occasion , he could not but applaud the view and object of his right hon . friend in not dividing the house under the present circumstances . In whatever light the amendment might be considered by ministers , he was sure that every impartial person who attended to it seriously , must acknowledge that it was founded on matter of fact , and not on opinions and assertions . His right hon . friend had not endeavoured to attack the government under a notice of a motion for an enquiry into their conduct ; he did not thus impute blame to them , and suspend an implied charge over their heads . No ! he exhibited his complaint in the first instance , supported by facts , boldly and unequivocally advanced , which gave ministers a fair opportunity of explaining themselves , and vindicating their measures . The noble lord had , in some parts of his speech , took credit to himself and his friends , for having uniformly acted in opposition from principle , and not from a spirit of teasing and harassing government unnecessarily . He could also assure the house that both himself and those who acted with him on the same side were influenced by no motive in their opposition but public principle . They felt it their duty to watch and revise the acts of ministers , in order to call them to an account . Such a thing might be deemed bad or reprehensible . On this ground therefore the opposition , of which the noble lord had formed a distinguished part , could not stand in competition , with respect to the discharge of public duty , with the present opposition ; for his lordship must recollect , that he and his friends had turned their backs on parliament , and neglected all 78 public concerns in the hour of distress and peril : when public duty required their attendance , they were not to be found at their posts ; they had seceded and abandoned the cause of the country , and the trust reposed in them by their constituents . Having said thus much respecting the preliminary topics of the noble lord 's speech , he should now proceed to call the attention of the house to some prominent points of the negociation , which was the main question ; and first , he readily admitted , that the issue of the negociation was disgraceful to the