, as well for those omitted by the hon . baronet , as for any others that might be necessary of the elucidation of the transaction . He wished the house to consider the situation of his noble relation with this charge hanging six years over him . It appeared by the papers , that the court of directors had sent out instructions to take possession of the Carnatic , at the commencement of the war with Tippoo Sultan , and not to restore it to the nabob . It was rather extraordinary , therefore , that a charge should be brought for a transaction commanded and approved by the court of directors , and sanctioned by his majesty and by act of parliament complained of the accusations thrown out against the directors without documents on the table to warrant them . He regretted the delay which had taken place , but maintained that no blame rested with the directors . The reasons given by the right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Sheridan ) , for his abandoning the case , did not appear to him satisfactory . When he had brought forward the question , he thought he was going hand in hand with him , but he soon found that he himself was to be accused . There were some points with respect to the government in India that required the interference of that house , which was the dernier resort in such cases . But the court of directors were not the proper persons to become accusers . If they put themselves forward in this way , they might do a great deal of mischief to our interests in India . From the nature of their situation , it was not expedient in any view that they should come prominent–ly forwards , unless assured of effectual support . The hon . baronet ( sir J. Anstruther ) had himself before gone a considerable 1026 way back in an enquiry into Indian trans–actions . It was but reasonable that he should allow the same privilege to others . He was glad that the subject had come un–der investigation , and was not much alarm–ed as to the result . He denied that the directors had given any instructions to sanc–tion the revolution in the Carnatic . The court of directors were quite distinct from the secret committee , which was not re–sponsible even for such papers as had its own signature would not object to the re–printing of the papers which had been be–fore produced , and agreed that that house was the dernier resort in such cases . But he lamented that the subject had been now brought forward , as he could see no good that could result from it . It had before been properly brought forward , and he lamented that it had not then been proceeded in . He begged of the house to con–sider the consequences . The subject was one of the deepest importance , particular–ly with a view to the transfer of property , which had taken place since the transac–tion which had been adverted to . But , at the same time , he admitted that even the inconvenience that might result from the disturbance of property , ought not to deter the house , if it was called upon , from investigating the case , and applying its censures where censure was due . He was sorry that the hon . baronet had not men–tioned more distinctly whom he intended to accuse . He admitted that the board of controul was responsible for the secret committee , but he denied that this committee was such a nullity as some might suppose from the description of it which had that , night been given , and he cautioned gentlemen against speaking of it in these terms , as they might , by these means , propagate an opinion that it was useless . He gave no opinion respecting the merits of the transactions . He agreed to the motion of re–printing the former papers ; but it was doubt–ful whether the others could be granted