one of the 14 had a double vote . Besides , as the chairman of such committees was generally a man whom the rest of the committee had preferred for some superiority in certain qualifications , for talents , good sense , address , arising from habits of business , & c. there might be found in some committees men of that diffident cast of mind that would induce them to look rather to the decision of that chairman , than consult the suggestions of their own under- 696 standings . The rules that circumscribed the authority of the Speaker in that house , and precluded him from a double voice , and a casting voice only in the case of a parity of votes , were , he thought , in direct analogy , though he admitted the difference of that house being a legislative , and the other merely a judicial tribunal . It was to be remembered , however , that it was the only court in the empire in which the presiding member had a double voice , He left it to the house to form its own judgment on the circumstances of the case , and decide upon the propriety of the bill he now moved for . He then moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill to alter and amend the Act of the 10th of the king for the better Regulating the Trials upon Controverted Elections . said , that the cause of complaint was of such a kind , and the mode which the learned gent . meant to propose for its redress , was such , that he thought the law was preferable as it now stood ; he should therefore oppose the motion upon the present occasion , as he thought it was needless to encourage a bill to be brought in , which was so likely to be thrown out in some future stage . The case stated , was one which very seldom occurred . The act had put it into the most convenient of all forms , because the decision was left to be determined by the casting or double vote of the chairman ; who was naturally looked up to on account of his abilities , integrity , and other qualifications which distinguished him . The learned gent . seemed to imply , that this very man who was so held up to notice , on account of the necessary qualifications , should be the only one who should be deprived of the ability to give a double vote , should it happen to be necessary . He saw no remedy in thus taking away the vote of the chairman . The general maxim of law was , that there should be an end put to a dispute by the judicature to which it was originally submitted , and therefore it was better to take the decision of the committee as at present constituted , than that it should be suspended altogether . The chairman was bound Jo perform the same duties , and to take the same oath , as other members of the committee were ; and why should not the decision depend upon his vote , as well as upon others , the more especially as he was the one who paid the most particular attention to the subject ? explained . He never meant that justice should be asleep by the decision being suspended . He meant only , that in no case should the chairman vote , except in cases of equality , where 7 of the other members bad voted on each side ; and that in no case should he have a double vote . concurred entirely with the hon . gent . who had spoken last , and who had anticipated almost every thing that he had meant to say on the subject . The analogy between the practice of that house and that of the committee did not seem to him to apply . It was essential to the dignity of the house , that the opinions of their Speaker should not