did him great credit ; nor do I think that his subsequent conduct deserved the sort of censure which was thrown upon him by the king 's ministers at the time , and which has been in some degree insisted upon by my noble friend below me to-night . True it is , that lord Yarmouth did at this crisis , upon the demand of M. Talleyrand , produce the full powers which had been intrusted to him on the 26th of June , on the express condition that they were not to be opened unless the French government would relinquish its claim to Sicily : but it must be recollected that in the interval , compensation for Sicily had been suggested by France , and the possibility of it not only admitted by England , but a specific mode of compensation pointed out . So that the circumstances of the negociation were changed altogether : and if under such circumstances lord Yarmouth , contrary to the letter of his instruction , did in consequence of the remonstrances of M. Talleyrand , as detailed in his lordship 's letter of the 30th of July , produce his full powers , though not strictly justified in point of diplomatic etiquette , surely there was such palliation , if not complete ground of vindication to be found , as might have saved him from reproach on the part of his employers ; more especially 348 now it turns out that nothing injurious to this country of any sort arose out of his conduct . For although it is suggested in the correspondence that the negociation was in some sort , of necessity continued in consequence of the step taken by lord Yarmouth ; by the declaration it would appear that it was the determination of the king 's government at this period to send a minister duly authorized , to Paris.—Sir , my noble friend and his colleagues have accused the French government as having manifested an unbecoming elation , in consequence of the advantage they had obtained , and of having greatly increased in their demands . Upon this point I beg to refer to the short abstract from lord Yarmouth 's dispatch of the 21st of July , wherein he tells his court , that `` he can `` perceive , that the terms of France are in '' creased , but still not so much so as the `` sudden defection of Russia had led him `` to apprehend . Hanover , Malta , the `` Cape , and India remained pure and un '' sullied . '' [ No . 23. p . 123 . ] Was it reasonable to expect that France would not increase in her demands in consequence of the event which had taken place ? did we not afterwards rise in our demands when it was found that Russia would not ratify the treaty signed by her minister and is it wise or dignified in a great nation to represent as an act of gross injustice on the part of her enemy , a line of conduct , which under a change of circumstances she herself has actually adopted ? If we could but weigh the conduct of the adversaries with whom we treat and our own in the same equal scale , how much would it conduce to establish the tranquillity , and render permanent the happiness of mankind ! — To this observation , sir , I might have been led by the comments of my noble friend on the communication made by lord Yarmouth of the conference which took place between his lordship and general Clarke after the exhibition of his full powers , in which conference [ No . 25 , p . 125 . ] the English plenipotentiary conducted himself with exemplary discretion , sagacity , and moderation ; in no instance committing the high character with which he was invested , giving no hope to the French plenipotentiary that England would depart from the basis on which the negociation was avowedly instituted , at the same time in a discussion of many hours , seeking to ascertain the