circumstances as I have already described . When Hanover was taken possession of by Prussia , it will be recollected that it was transferred to her by France , with whom she was in the closest alliance , and when this was connected with the original cause of the invasion of that electorate , I would appeal to this house and to the world , whether it could be reconciled with any sentiment of magnanimity , honour , or justice , to allow its lawful sovereign to be deprived of Hanover in consequence of a war between Great Britain and France . I think I have fully answered the hon . gent . 's observations upon this head . But there is another charge of the hon . gent . 's which he has dwelt upon as the most serious , and to which I shall take leave to apply a few remarks . The hon . gent . makes this heavy accusation , that we did not send timely assistance to Prussia . But how soon had we reason to suppose that Prussia was at all disposed to enter into hostilities with France ? At the time we declared war against her , she was in close connection with the French government . But notwithstanding our declaration , she had opportunities enough of communicating to our government any intention she entertained with regard to France . For , although war against Prussia was declared in April , 67 baron Jacobi did not leave this country until the 15th of August . Of course ample means of communication with our government was open to Prussia . But still nothing transpired to indicate to us the disposition of that power to break her connections with France , and to commence actual war . No sign of the separation appeared . But as soon as it became evident to us that Prussia determined on war , I venture to say , that not a moment was lost to afford that power every aid the nature of the case admitted , notwithstanding the relation in which we stood to her ; and until the sincerity of Prussia in her opposition to the views of France became very manifest , I am sure that no rational statesman would have advised us to act , certainly not to send British troops to the continent : least of all could such advice be consistently given by those gentlemen who had last year sent forth a publication not at all calculated to encourage confidence in the character of the Prussian court . No man can feel more disinclined than I do to speak of that court , in its present situation , in terms at all approaching to harshness . But , I must observe that , under the impression generally prevalent as to the character and policy of the Prussian cabinet , and under the total ignorance in which this country was placed , as to its views respecting France , until almost immediately before the war commenced , his majesty 's ministers were not fairly liable to the slightest degree of censure . For what was the fact that served to warrant any suspicion of hostility between Prussia and France ? In the month of September , M. Lucchesini , the Prussian ambassador , was recalled from the French court , in consequence of his becoming disagreeable to Bonaparte , and baron Knoblesdorff was appointed in his room , upon the express recommendation of Bonaparte himself . When that ambassador arrived at Paris , did his arrival serve to betray , or did he himself intimate to lord Lauderdale , who was then there , any change of disposition , on the part of Prussia , towards France ? No , nothing whatever . And , in point of fact , the first communication which his majesty 's ministers had as to the intentions of Prussia , was in a letter received from Mr. Thornton , our resident at Hamburgh , inclosing a letter from baron Jacobi , expressive of his ( that nobleman 's ) wish to come to this country in something of