French troops in Germany ; but because Hanover was to be taken from her , that she did that desperate deed which has been succeeded by events so terrifying and stupendous . We , ourselves , then , sir , were engaged in an act which provoked the open hostility of Prussia ; and what would have been the situation of the continent , had a treaty been concluded between the allies and France , of which the restoration of Hanover to the crown of Great Britain bad been a condition ! If Prussia had refused to yield it , we must have united with France to have wrested it from her . Sir , my noble friend has asked , whether we could have continued to negotiate after the war had begun ; and what security we could have had , that the French emperor would have checked his career after one victory , and whether he would not have followed up his successes to the extermination of the Prussian monarchy . Sir , in the other alternative ; if peace with us , had produced war with Prussia , what security could we then have taken or obtained , that the same events should not have taken place ? and yet by the very preliminary of our negociation with regard to the king 's German domi 370 nions we risked it . Sir , it may be said , that I am putting a most improbable , if not an impossible case , for that if a treaty had actually been concluded , Prussia would have acquiesced . In all reasonable probability , sir , she would . But seeing what we have seen , it may be fairly said she might not ; and to have resisted France and England united , would have been scarcely less insane , than to have gone to war with France at the time , or in the condition she did.—Sir , lord Yarmouth tells you , that M. Talleyrand sought a mode of secret communication with England , lest Prussia should take umbrage at the proposition respecting Hanover . It was known that she would not part with it , except by compulsion ; and certainly her acquisition of that province was as much contrary to every principle of honour and good faith , as any that was ever made by any power at any time.—Much , sir , has also been said of the insincerity of the French , and of the dupery of the government of this country . I believe , on the contrary , and upon grounds which appear to me rational and satisfactory , the ministers of France to have been sincere in their wishes for peace . I believe the chief of the French government to have been desirous of it : and if not so , I am labouring under a great , but I hope , a pardonable error.—Sir , I am upon principle , as well as from feeling , in all transactions of life , public as well as private , an enemy to perpetual and endless suspicion . It is not the character of true wisdom , and it impedes the progress of all human affairs . That a man should be upon his guard against the machinations of the bad , and the artifices of the designing , is most necessary . Certainly , one would not employ a person who would be likely to become the dupe of others , to conduct any affairs of importance ; but there is such a thing , as for a man to become the dupe of his own distrust , and that is in my opinion the most disgraceful as well as most fatal of all kinds of dupery : —Now , sir , what motive could France have had to desire negociation with England , but that it should terminate in peace ? My noble friend has been unjustly accused of having delayed expeditions , and withheld armaments , in consequence of my lord Lauderdale 's procrastinated stay at Paris ; the 'truth of which charge he has denied