. I will shew , that an ultimatum in a negociation , previous to a rupture , an occasion surely not less important than that under consideration , was deemed by lord Hawkesbury perfectly regular . I have now in my hand the documents respecting the rupture with France , at the beginning of the present war . It is needless now to state what my own opinions were respecting that transaction , but on this point at least I never saw any thing to disapprove . At the time alluded to , however , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was a member of the cabinet , and is responsible for any transaction to which his sanction was required . The learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) was likewise committed to the approbation of the measures , and of the negociations which preceded that rupture , and defended them in parliament . Another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , indeed , is not so much implicated in this proceeding , as he was not much in the habit of approving the conduct of that administration , and though disposed rather to arraign their conduct , yet he never expressed any disapprobation of this particular point . I find , however , that lord Whitworth insisted upon three articles , which he had been instructed to demand as the ultimatum . M. Talleyrand desired that the articles in question should be presented formally in writing , with which , however , lord W. declined to comply . Lord Hawkesbury , in writing to him on the subject , mentions that it had been left to his discretion to make the communication in the way he might consider most advantageous , and he was authorized to do so . When we then received a verbal communication from the French government , 313 ought we at once to have called them rogues and traitors , and refused to have any farther intercourse , or ought we to have got that verbal communication turned into writing ? Lord Hawkesbury saw no impropriety in giving M. Talleyrand the written communication he asked ; and we did nothing more than what M. Talleyrand had done when lord Whitworth made a verbal communication ; he used no invective , he only asked it to be put in writing . The steps subsequent to lord Yarmouth 's communication had no other view , and unless we had resolved to give a rude , peremptory refusal , and to depart from uniform diplomatic precedent , we could take no other course than that which the documents on the table shew us to have pursued . To the written letter , a written answer was returned . To the verbal communication , a verbal answer was made , and lord Yarmouth returned to Paris with instructions to ascertain the sincerity of the offer , and , in the regular progress of the affair , to obtain its formal acknowledgement.—Here I must correct a mistake which appears to have arisen upon this point . When lord Yarmouth went over to Paris , he was not authorized to insist upon an acknowledgement in writing , of the offer he had first brought to this country ; because , in fact , lord Y. having no powers , could not ask or expect such an official communication . But the acknowledgement of the basis being made , and his powers produced , the authentic written communication of the proposed basis must immediately have followed . Lord Yarmouth was sent to Paris to establish the negociation upon this basis ; and the whole train of the transaction evidently shews that this was the case . Indeed , so thoroughly am I satisfied that the assertions of his majesty 's government are in every point strictly consonant with the real facts , that were they yet to be submitted to the world , I should consider the shape they now bear , that which the history of the case naturally dictated , and most satisfactorily proved . I can not , indeed , conceive that any man of common