laurels— [ a loud laugh ] . The hon . gent.had said , that it was contrary to his practice to adhere to his opinions . That was an accusation that came rather oddly from the right hon . gent. , and those who sat with him on the other side of the house . With respect to himself , he was not aware of any such deficiency in adhering to his opinions as the right hon . gent . imputed to him . Certainly his opinions on the subject now before the house had undergone no change , and he saw no reason to change them . With respect to the right hon . gent . 's challenge to meet him on the hustings in Covent Garden , he had to excuse himself , on the ground that he had constituents who had shewn him uniform favour since they had returned him to the first parliament he had sat in . These constituents he was attached to , and was unwilling to desert them for the ambition of representing any greater place . The right hon . gent . had at times spoken of a similar attachment , though he had afterwards found it so easy to get rid of it . At least , such was the amount of what was represented in the news-papers , in the right hon . gent . 's name . But , perhaps , what was , thus stated on the subject , was not authentic . It was easy to credit an excuse of that kind from the extravagancies contained in the speeches imputed to the right hon . gentleman . said , that when he stood for Westminster , it was with the full permission of the electors of Stafford [ a laugh ] . It was not , however , the severity of the learned gent . 's remarks that he complained 235 of , but the prejudice they were calculated to cast on a contested election , on which the learned gent . himself might be called to sit as a judge . The triumphal car and the procession which had excited the spleen of the learned gent. , was , he would venture to say , one of the most popular triumphs that had ever been witnessed in this or in any other city . [ A laugh . ] said , that he had not been aware of the circumstance with respect to the circuit , and that it certainly would be necessary to accommodate the counsel.—The motion was then agreed to . Upon the motion of Mr. Swan , the consideration of the petition relative to the Penrhyn Election was discharged , and fixed for the 29th of January . The consideration of a petition from the hon . Wm . Ponsonby , relative to the county of Londonderry Election , was fixed for the same day.—Two petitions were presented complaining of the return for Horsham , and they were appointed for consideration upon the same day as that fixed for the petition already before the house respecting the said election.—A petition from Mr. T. Jones against the Return for Shrewsbury was laid upon the table ; and upon the speaker 's moving , that it should be considered on the first vacant day , namely , the 3d of February , Mr. Johnstone , understanding that further time was required for the accommodation of the parties to this petition , proposed the 14th of February . The speaker felt it his duty to observe , that the proposed postponement would be a departure from the general practice of the house in such cases ; the earliest vacant day being uniformly fixed upon in the first instance : and if any farther postponement were afterwards required , it was generally the practice of the house to accede to it , upon special cause being assigned . Having stated the practice on such occasions , it was of course for the discretion of the house to determine upon the course to be pursued in this instance . Some conversation arose upon this point , in which