was , that if there were any offices , the duties of which were so trifling as he supposed , the proper mode would be to move for the abolition of those offices . If his hon . friend 's resolution should be agreed to , the result would be , according to the proverb , that , `` What was every body 's business , would be nobody 's business , '' and consequently , confusion and disorder would take place of that regular and orderly way in which the business of the house had hitherto been carried on . Though desirous of economy where it was practicable , he did not think this one of the cases where it would be well applied . At all events , the resolution ought not to be moved till the end of the session . He really did not see any necessity for saying any thing further on this subject . It was one on which the house might properly judge , without any long and tedious discussion . The noble lord concluded by moving , that the other orders of the day be now read . in reply , said he had not been aware that no salary was attached to this office . But even upon the ground that the remuneration was not voted till the end of the session , he did not think his resolution so ill-timed . If agreed to at the present moment , it would at least have the effect of removing every expectation of 232 salary or remuneration . The noble lord said , that if there were any unnecessary offices , a motion might be made for abolishing them . But in that case , he should be told that duties were attached to those offices which must be performed . He considered this country as in the situation of a private person , whose circumstances rendered it necessary for him to reduce his establishment . This was a case that might happen to the public as well as to a private person . It was sufficient for him that he had called the attention of the house to this business . He had no hostility to ministers . He had been too much accustomed to see in them proofs of the most noble disinterestedness to conceive it possible that they could be changed . If honours and offices alone had been their ambition , many of them might have had them fifteen years ago . But as he had been returned by a set of enlightened constituents , who had public economy much at heart , he felt it his duty to submit this resolution to the house.—The motion was then put , and negatived without a division . pursuant to notice , rose to move that the order for taking the Westminster Election petition into consideration on the 13th of January , should be discharged , for the purpose of postponing it to a future day . The circumstances on which this motion was grounded were these ; he had presented the petition on the earliest possible day . In balloting for the petitions , the Westminster had come out of the glass the fourth , and consequently was appointed for the second day for considering Election petitions . Since that time , he understood that it was not supposed he would have presented it so soon , and the agents informed him that there was such a mass of evidence to be collected , as might naturally be supposed in such a city as Westminster , that they could not be ready by the time appointed . The noble lord hoped that the house would not be disposed to make the petitioner suffer from any mistake of his in presenting the petition , and concluded by moving , `` That the order for considering the Westminster Election petition on the 13th of January , be discharged , and that it be fixed for the 24th of February . '' said , that after the communication which he had had with the noble lord , he would not oppose his