20 millions sterling . With such means , exceeding double the amount of the interest of the national debt in 1793 , and looking forward to the increasing surplus of the Sinking Fund , the nation need not fear to proceed in the struggle with perseverance and fortitude . I trust we shall submit to no compromise , in which our national honour shall at all be tarnished ; that we shall come forth from this trial of fortitude with 284 honour ; and that , if we apply vigilantly , usefully , and economically , what shall be raised for the public exigencies , there is no limit to the exertions which this country will be disposed to make , either in extent , or duration of time . With respect to the late negociation , I shall ever contemplate with satisfaction the share I have had in it ; no better proof was ever afforded of good faith and of a firm regard to the permanent interests of the country . I shall only repeat , in a word , that his majesty 's declaration is strictly true in substance and in fact , and that the Silence of the French plenipotentiaries affords satisfactory proofs upon this point . Government , by their conduct in this negociation , have , I trust , given a satisfactory pledge , that they will , in no case , compromise either the honour or the interests of the country . declared that if he were to confine his observations to the papers on the table , he should have very little with which to trouble the house , for in the most dispassionate and impartial examination of them , it distinctly appeared to him , that throughout the whole of the late negociation , there was evinced on the part of the British government the utmost sincerity and good faith ; on the part of the French government , the utmost artifice and duplicity . He thought it perfectly apparent that the uti possidetis was understood by France to be the basis on which the two countries intended to treat , and on which the negociation proceeded . It was obvious that this was a proper basis for this country to proceed on , and it was equally apparent that this basis had been acquiesced in by France , at least that that country had given our government to understand that she acquiesced in that basis of negociation . If there was any thing in the course of the discussion to which he objected , it was to this , that the negociation had been too long delayed . If this country should ever again enter into a negociation with the present government of France , he hoped the basis on which it was to proceed would at once be fairly and distinctly pointed out and ascertained . While he lamented the failure of an honourable attempt to restore peace to the country , he could not , however , forbear contragulating himself , the house , and the country , on the general state of their affairs , and on their ability to carry on the war with vigour and effect . Adverting to the state of the continent , and to the military operations of 285 the French , he observed that it was evident the person at the head of the French nation had determined not to sheathe the sword of war until he had subjugated the whole of Europe , and this country in particular . How were his ambitious designs to be counteracted ? By a manly exertion of our power and resources . The retrospect of our naval and military fame was most encouraging . Let us recollect Camperdown , Aboukir , and Trafalgar , on the one hand , and Acre , Alexandria , and Maida , on the other , and we should look forward with confidence to the result of the contest in which we were engaged . The papers on the table , in his lordship 's opinion , afforded satisfactory evidence of the activity , spirit , and energy of