and manliness of character were exhibited in the most striking manner , in the frankness , the clearness , and precision , with which he communicated with the French government , whilst , at the same time , he did not give up one jot of the interests or the honour of his country , but asserted them with all the firmness and energy which so important an occasion required . The 18 negociation then commenced under the most favourable auspices , and , notwithstanding the lamented death of the great man to whom he had alluded , was carried on in the same spirit . That it had failed in producing peace , was to be attributed to the enemy . We certainly had no right to expect , that the French government , under all the circumstances in which it was placed , would consent to any degrading concession ; but we were in too proud a situation , and had too much reliance on our own energies , to consent to any humiliation : if the French government would not consent to treat upon equal terms , the fault was theirs . We had deeply to lament the heavy calamities which had fallen upon Prussia , but , at the same time , it was no small satisfaction to us , that the councils of Prussia had not been precipitated into rash measures by the advice or instigation of this country . It was scarcely possible for their lordships to find in all history an instance of a great power so totally overthrown , he might almost say annihilated , in the course of a few days . Prussia , who had made sacrifice after sacrifice to France , apparently with the view of averting war , at length rushed precipitately into hostilities , and met with an unexampled fate . Her example would afford an awful lesson to other states , and would convince them that security was not to be attained by making humiliating sacrifices . It was , however , a source of great satisfaction that this country , when Prussia actually made an effort against the common enemy , did not hesitate immediately to step forward to afford her every assistance which circumstances would permit . In the midst of the calamities which had occurred on the continent , it was highly gratifying to witness the conduct of the king of Sweden , who , whilst he had opposed the enemy by every means in his power , had displayed a firmness and an energy which conferred the highest honour on the character of : that monarch . The contemplation of the conduct of our faithful ally , Russia , also afforded the utmost satisfaction ; nothing could be more gratifying than the close alliance which subsisted between this country and Russia , an alliance , of her fidelity to which Russia had given repeated proofs , and particularly in her recent refusal to ratify the rash and inconsiderate act of her minister at Paris . These instances of good faith on the part of Russia , were the more gratifying , that power being now almost the 19 only ally of this country left , and therefore the cultivation of our alliance with her , became so much the more desirable . That in our present situation great sacrifices must be made , was evident , but when the great object we had in view was contemplated , these sacrifices must sink in the comparison . He was convinced that there was not a man who bore the envied name of a Briton , with all the blessings and privileges attached to that title , who would not cheerfully come forward to make those sacrifices which : were required to maintain the honour and the dignity of the country , our laws , our constitution , and all that was dear to us Let us , said the noble earl , rely upon ourselves , and put forth all our energies . I was true we had , in the course of a twelve . month , lost two men of pre-eminent