of the French government , are considered as a cause of regret . God forbid , that for one moment I should be considered the advocate of an interminable war , or an unfeeling spectator of the numerous afflictions and distresses which war occasions ! yet , however humane considerations may tend to repress the assertion , I can not refrain from expressing my dissent to this part of the address ; and upon this point I appeal to the testimony of the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) opposite . I appeal to the opinion , which , previous to the ratification of the Treaty of Amiens , I thought it my duty , as an honest servant of the crown , to communicate to my sovereign At that period I never did assert , that the conditions of that treaty were glorious and honourable ; I did not contend that its stipulations were such as to provide for the permanence of peace , or the lasting security of Great Britain ; but I was induced to hope , that after the conquests which the chief of the French empire had obtained , that after the actual enjoyments and the comforts derived from his own repose , he would be unwilling to forfeit the great blessing he was possessed of , or to disturb the reciprocal tranquillity of the respective countries . But , my lords , considerably changed are my opinions , and widely different are my views of the advantages of a peace with France , when I recall to my recollection , I that scarcely was the Treaty of Amiens executed , when the most insidious and open violation of every principle of good faith was exhibited ; when , in defiance of every provision of that treaty , the head of the French government recommenced his system of unbounded aggression , with a renovated lust of power , with a complete disregard of all those maxims and usages , which were wont to support the honour and happiness of the civilized world . But 289 if a further proof was still wanting to exhibit the characteristic duplicity of the French cabinet , let us , my lords , look to the dates , when the Russian minister D'Oubril was either forced , or tricked , to sign a separate treaty with France . Here the strong inducement with that minister , was to save the Austrian empire ; for this specific purpose , and this alone , the treaty was actually executed , by the plenipotentiary of Russia ; yet , if I do not much misconstrue the dates , the changes in Germany , and the Rhenish Confederation , were not only meditated , but actually completed , if not at the signing of the treaty by D'Oubril , most certainly before the arrival of that ambassador with the treaty at the court of St. Petersburgh . In this most flagitious conduct of one nation to another ; in this uniform perseverance in fraud , aggression , and injustice , I find the strong argument which justifies me not to lament the failure of a pacific adjustment with an enemy , whose aggressions , in times of peace , are equally hostile with his movements in times of war.—Having thus declared my opinion upon the result of the negociation , I shall now advert to the basis upon which the declaration of his majesty has asserted that it commenced and proceeded . This principle of actual possession , or the uti possidetis , is asserted to be the basis upon which the respective governments originated the discussion . Now , my lords , fairly and plainly arguing the question , and comparing the understood and admitted meaning of the uti possidetis with the two bases agreed upon between that great departed statesman ( Mr. Fox ) and M. Talleyrand , I do confess I can not recognize the principle of actual possession as the basis of a treaty . Uti possidetis are two latin words , fully empowering the contracting parties to hold , in their respective possession , whatever territory or conquests over which