satisfaction for all the reasons that had been stated , than because it seemed to pre- 224 sent a fit occasion for introducing a fundamental amelioration into our army , by granting promotions and distinctions to such officers as had displayed extraordinary merit . But all the hopes and expectations he had cherished had been disappointed . General Stuart had been honoured with the order of the Bath ; but neither the four distinguished officers who commanded brigades , nor any one of the field-officers , had been advanced in military rank for their services on so memorable a day . He did not state this by way of charge against his majesty 's ministers ; because he was very sensible , that the present military system afforded no precedent for what he suggested . But it would scarcely be credited by posterity , or by other nations , that a victory , which exalted in the highest degree the national glory , which in our annals would be recorded with the triumphs of Cressy and Poictiers , had not obtained military rank or military honours for any of those brave men by whom it had been achieved . It was not thus that our Edwards and our Henries rewarded their companions in arms . It was not thus that our enemy had raised a spirit of enthusiasm in his army , which rendered him more formidable than all the conquests he had obtained . It was a fact well known , that throughout every military establishment in Europe , officers who distinguished themselves in the face of the enemy , were immediately promoted and honoured at the same time with various badges of distinction . In our naval service , when a victory had lately been obtained by admiral Duckworth , each of the captains were honoured by medals , and the senior lieutenant in each ship had been promoted . It was now the unvaried practice to promote every officer who distinguished himself , and not a little of the glory which had been obtained by our navy was the result of the emulation thus excited . Even when a frigate had lately been captured , the captain had been introduced to the presence of his sovereign , and received the honour of knighthood . But who could compare the merit of such an event with the glory that belonged to generals Cole and Ackland , and to colonels Oswald and Kempt , who commanded brigades at the battle of Maida ? He trusted that his majesty would be advised to confer on them the like distinction ; that all the field-officers would be advanced one step in rank by a brevet commission , and be authorized to wear an honorary medal in consideration 225 of their services . To some , these things might appear trifling , as involving no substantial or solid benefit , but he hoped the number was few who would avow such sentiments . Titles and distinctions were indeed of little importance , when they were the reward of parliamentary labours or private attachments ; but every distinction , however inconsiderable in itself , was precious , when it served to remind mankind of the courage and capacity by which it had been acquired . replied , that something of the nature of that to which the hon . gent . alluded , had been already done . But the circumstances of the army and navy were so essentially different , that the two services could not , in respect of honours , be exactly assimilated.—The motions were then agreed to , ncm . con . Mr. Hobhouse obtained leave to bring in a bill to revise , amend , and render perpetual , the act of the 42d of the king , relative to the trial of Contested Elections ; which bill the hon . member stated it to be material to carry through the house with all convenient expedition , in order that the parties concerned in the petitions which were now before the house , and about to be presented , might experience the benefits which it had been found