education of the poor . As the other parts of the bill would go to an alteration of the whole system of poor-laws , of the law of settlement , and of the county rate , he could not give them his assent . He conceived that the 2d reading the next day would be the most convenient stage for him to state his objections to the measure , especially as 945 he was not aware that it would be necessary for him to occupy the time of the house at any great length , and he thought it desirable that the objections should go with the measure to the consideration of the public thought it would be better that his hon . friend should wave his opposition for the present , and reserve what he had to urge against the bill till some further stage of its progress . A partial discussion could not lead to any good purpose , and particularly on a proceeding that was merely pro formâ . His hon . friend , no more than any other gentleman , would be pledged to the measure , by allowing it to pass unopposed through this formal stage . He hoped , therefore , that his hon . friend would not persist in his intention of stating his objections at present , but reserve them for some future stage was proceeding to state his reasons for wishing to submit his objections to the measure the next day , when thought it right to apprise the hon . member , that , though it was undoubtedly his right to press his objections in this instance , it was neither usual nor customary , according to the practice of the house , for any hon . gent . to resist the framers of any measure , which was to introduce a new system , in bringing it forward in whatever manner they might deem most convenient thanked the Speaker for his intimation , and agreed to wave his right.—The bill was then ordered to be read a second time to-morrow observed , that in the event of the bill for the abolition of the slave trade passing into a law , he should feel it his duty to move for the appointment of a committee to consider of the propriety of granting compensation to certain classes of persons , whose interest would be affected by it . He wished to ask his majesty 's ministers therefore , whether they were authorised to accede to such a proceeding ? The compensation he had in view , was much more limited than might be supposed , and he thought this the proper stage for him to lay in his claim on behalf of a few classes of persons , whom he thought , justly entitled to the consideration of the legislature . The first class were , those who had purchased land under commissions granted by his majesty for the sale of them . The next class , were those who had purchased lands on the faith of 946 parliament , previous to the first agitation of this question . Another class , consisted of those who had suffered in their properties by insurrections of the negroes , or by wars or invasions on the part of the enemy . He did not propose that any compensation should be granted , except in cases where the claims should be approved of by commissioners appointed for the purpose . There were other classes of persons whose cases , though deserving attention , he did not then think it necessary to allude to , and he mentioned those he had enumerated , just to shew that his views of compensation were more limited than was generally supposed replied , that he was certainly not authorised , in this stage of the business , to give any consent to such a proceeding : at the same time he admitted the candid manner in which the hon . gent . had stated his views of the limited amount of compensations . He took the opportunity of repeating what he had said on a former night