for Friday se'nnight , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned . adverted to the two resolutions adopted by the house last session ; the one declaring that the Slave Trade ought to be abolished ; and the other , to address his majesty to make such communications to Foreign powers as his majesty should deem advisable , with the view of procuring the Abolition of the Slave Trade . With respect to the second of these resolutions , he thought the house ought to be informed of what had been done in pursuance of it , or whether any thing had been done . This information he conceived not only those noble lords who were hostile to the abolition , but also those who were friendly to that measure , would wish to have . There were five powers who were materially interested in the Slave Trade , namely , Portugal and the United States of America , France , Spain , and Holland ; Denmark and Sweden had also some interest in the trade , but it was of a subordinate nature . With respect to Spain and Holland , he could readily conceive that there had been no means of making any communication on the subject to these powers . As to France , he did not know whether , during the late negociation with the government of that country , there was any communication upon this subject made , and this was a point upon which he thought the house ought to be informed . So also with respect to the United States of America , and Portugal , communications 432 might have been made , of which the house ought to be in possession previous to the second reading of the bill . His lordship concluded by moving an address to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order to be laid before the house , copies of all communications which had passed between his majesty and foreign powers respecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade , in consequence of the address of that house . said , he was not aware of any material objection to the noble lord 's motion . With respect to France , the fact was , that during the late negociation with the government of that country , communications on this subject did take place , to the production of which he saw no objection . As to Spain and Holland , the noble lord had justly supposed that no communications had taken place . With respect to Portugal , it was not thought expedient to make any communication on the subject during the negociation with France ; and the fact was that none had since been made . With respect to the United States of America , communications had certainly passed during the negociation between the plenipotentiaríes of this country and the United States ; and this subject actually formed one of the articles of the treaty which had been signed by those plenipotentiaries . The only difficulty he had in acceding to the noble lord 's motion was , that this article could not be produced , as it was well known that a treaty signed by plenipotentiaries could not regularly be laid before parliament until ratified by the respective governments.—The motion was then agreed to . General Porter rose to postpone until Wednesday se'nnight the motion of which he had given notice for Wednesday next , on the subject of colonel Cawthorne 's Court Martial . This postponement the hon . officer stated to be necessary , as many members could not , in consequence of the quarter sessions , conveniently attend the discussion of this question sooner . expressed his wish that the hon . general would make up his mind and determine filially on the time when he was to bring forward his motion . The house would be aware how disagreeable must be the state of suspence in which he 433 was placed by having the motion put off from time to time . Nearly ten days had already elapsed since the hon . general had