be deemed all profit ; they were a consideration for certain risk , and were in proportion to the hazard to which the property would be exposed . The principal motive , then , of the bill was , that British capital was engaged in the trade ; and an additional instigation to the adoption of it was , that in the present posture of affairs , it could be supported by no other capital ; so that , by withdrawing the subjects of this country from the commerce , it would be effectually abolished . was willing to admit , that , in the instance now before their lordships , the examination of witnesses would not be necessary ; but he was anxious to enter his protest against any determination not to hear evidence in a future stage of the proceeding . It was true that this grave and important subject had been long under discussion ; but it was not merely expedient to shew that this trade was contrary to justice and humanity . Admitting it to be so , the circumstances , the mode , and the time of its abolition , were proper matters of consideration . What had been the course of proceeding ? A noble lord , in the last session , had brought forward Resolutions , which embraced a vast deal more than was comprised in the present bill : those extended to the total abolition of the Slave Trade . He did not believe that the measure now proposed would diminish the transport of negroes , or that a single individual would be preserved by it ; at the same time that it would be utterly destructive of the British interests involved in that commerce . This house was always disposed to proceed with deliberation and with justice ; and in pursuance of that line of conduct , it had determined not to hear the evidence on this affair in a committee above stairs . He trusted that the same discretion would be now em- 615 ployed ; and that , if any important facts were to be ascertained , the witness would be heard at their lordships ' bar . Was it right , because there was a change of men , and of public measures in consequence , that the interests of these petitioners should be disregarded ; and what was before determined to be fit matter of enquiry , should now be rejected , as immaterial and inapplicable ? If these interests had any existence , redress ought to be given , compensations ought to be assigned ; and the extent of these could only be ascertained by testimony . He would repeat , that he did not contend that evidence should now be heard ; but he thought it extremely probable that , on further progress , it would be discovered that witnesses ought to be examined . was very anxious to do justice to all parties , but thought that to hear evidence in this stage of the enquiry would be useless , and would be a departure from the propriety of their lordships ' proceedings . There were many occasions on which it was extremely desirable to hear evidence , especially where the subject was novel : but this was not a case of that sort ; much testimony had already been supplied , which was still in the recollection of their lordships . Indeed , so completely had the question been examined , that resolutions had been entered into , coinciding with those passed in another place , that a termination should be put to this nefarious trade . If the learned counsel wished to prove that the great lord Somers was auxiliary in passing certain bills favourable to the trade , or that charters , at various times , had been granted to favour it , no depositions in the form now proposed were at all necessary . If he were desirous of shewing , that after the bill should have passed into a law , the merchants would be ruined , and they must throw themselves upon the liberality of parliament , neither