to convoy the expedition.—As another proof that ministers had relied on the certainty of peace , the noble lord mentioned the situation of our troops at Plymouth , where they had remained 4 months in a most deplorable condition , at the expiration of which time the half of them sailed for Sicily , where they remained locked up at the very moment when they should be ready at home to second our allies on the 80 continent . It was evident that ministers could not commit such gross mismanagement if they had not literally duped themselves with the sanguine expectation of peace with Buonaparte.—Here the noble lord contrasted the confederacy of last year with the one formed this year , and inferred from the comparison , that the former , though unsuccessful , had displayed combination , energy , and wisdom , while the latter , as far as ministers were concerned , exhibited the utmost imbecility . With respect to the appointment of brigadier-general Craufurd , to the command of so large and important an expedition as had lately sailed , he concurred with his right hon . friend in saying , that it was naturally a subject which had dissatisfied many ; to that officer , personally , he could not have the smallest objection , he had an opportunity of seeing his talents displayed in Ireland to the greatest advantage , and had no doubt whatever of his possessing great military skill ; but it should be remembered , that he was only the fourth or fifth colonel in the service , and consequently , that if any thing occurred on the voyage , or on the arrival of the expedition at its destination , to prevent him from attending his duty , the command in chief must necessarily devolve on a lieut . colonel under him . This would be an unprecedented situation for the troops to be placed in . He saw no necessity of giving an appointment which had excited such surprise and disgust throughout the army . Surely , it was easy for the right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Windham ) to have made a selection which would have given satisfaction , and have conducted the expedition with equal gallantry and success . The only merit his majesty 's ministers could pretend to claim on account of the business in South America , was that of having given a considerable disposeable force to officers invested with a certain discretion . As to the dissolution of parliament , he highly disapproved of it . In lord Howick 's letter to the lord mayor , dated the 8th of October , there was not a word of the dissolution of parliament , but upon the 10th , parliament was dissolved . This was a course of proceeding which was neither justified by precedent nor fair dealing . He considered it as an electioneering trick of government , and a measure not called for by necessity ; and bestowed praises on the last parliament for the integrity of its proceedings . He contrasted the late 81 dissolution with that in 1784 , which he maintained to be a constitutional exercise of the royal prerogative ; but here it was made use of from party motives ; and for party purposes . He thought the amendment of his right hon . friend a perfectly manly mode of telling ministers wherein their conduct was to be objected to ; but he was glad his right hon . friend did not press for a division . It was very different from the conduct of opposition for the last 15 years ; for those gentlemen cared not to commit to writing their sentiments , but almost always dealt in general censure.—The original motion on the address was then put and carried , nem . con . then rose and said , that he hoped to be able on Monday next , to lay the papers relative to the negociation before the house , as every exertion was making to have them prepared as early as possible . gave notice , that on Monday next he should move the