that the measure would not be productive of any very serious injury to the enemy , and that it could not possibly produce any very material benefit to this country . If in the present circumstances of Europe , if in the present state of the enemy , and in the present state of our own marine , we adopted such an inefficient measure of retaliation as this was , he thought that it would be declaring to the enemy , it would be also publishing to all neutrals in the face of Europe , that we were not prepared to assert our right in any circumstances whatever . As to France herself , he conceived that she had put herself out of the pale and protection of the law of nations , and , as to the hardship upon the subjects of neutral powers , he must confess that he would be sorry for them , but then it would be evident to the world that this evil had been brought on by the enemy , that on our part it was only a measure of self-defence . The noble lord ( Howick ) , however , at the end of the debate , had stated , that as a minister he could not feel himself authorised to declare to the house the full particulars upon which the measure was founded , lest it might tend to a disclosure of circumstances that would , or might eventually , be prejudicial to the interests of neutral powers . This , however , was not mentioned until now ; he did not know how it could possibly affect the interests of other nations , but he must bow to the noble lord in the situation he was and give him full credit for his assertion . Wiith his understanding he should not press his motion any farther under such circumstances . [ Here the hon . and learned member conceived that he saw a smile or some gesture indicative of triumph on the treasury bench . ] There was no such great reason for triumph as gentlemen seemed to imagine : the question appeared to be entirely abandoned by ministers , and , had the noble lord been equally explicit on a former occasion , he would not , perhaps , have been troubled with the present debate.—The question was then put on Mr. Perceval 's motion , and negatived without a division.—The other orders of the day were then disposed of , and the house adjourned . The order of the day being read for the second reading of the Slave Trade Abolition bill , rose and spoke as follows : —In stating to your lordships , in detail , some of the arguments on which this important measure rests , I hope I shall be excused by your lordships if I should feel myself obliged , in some instances , to tread over the same ground which has become so familiar to you in the course of a discussion which has lasted for 20 years . After the investigation this subject has already undergone , it is scarcely possible to avoid repeating , in some instances , the same arguments to which we have so long been accustomed . I will , however , my lords , proceed to the discussion without further introduction , and , in the first place , to state that argument which is the principal foundation of this measure , namely , justice . This measure rests upon justice , and calls imperatively upon your lordships for your approbation and support . Had it been , my lords , merely a question of humanity , I am ready to admit that it might then have become a consideration with your lordships as to how far you would extend or circumscribe that humanity . Had it been simply a question involving the interests or welfare of the British empire in the West Indies , it would then certainly have been a question with your lordships how far and in what respect you should legislate . But in this instance I contend , that justice imperiously