blessings of general happiness ? —One task yet remains for me to perform : a task from which I only shrink , convinced of the inefficiency of my talents to do justice to the deserving object of my panegyric . In anticipating the result of this night 's debate , I naturally look with reverence and respect to that exalted and benevolent individual ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who has made this signal act of mercy and justice the leading feature of his public life . I look with feelings of pride to the result of those labours to which my honourable and esteemed colleague has so undeviatingly devoted himself . His actions stand not in need of individual eulogium ; he has raised a monument to his fame , founded on the basis of universal benevolence : `` Quod non imber edax , non Aquilo impotens Possit diruere , aut innumerabilis Annorum series , et fuga temporum . '' I rejoice with him on the final and glorious victory which he is about to obtain . I rejoice in my country , and in this house , for the great act of humanity they appear willing to complete . The age in which we live , teems with wonders ; and in the events which are daily witnessed by Europe , the great struggle for its liberties may take place on English ground . Let us not go forth with the wrongs of Africa as a weight upon our hearts ; but rather let us rid our country of the sin , and in the passing of this act of legislative wisdom and justice , make some atonement for the too-long injured and insulted rights of humanity and , in a maiden speech , addressed the house as follows : —In rising , sir , to address you on the present occasion , I do not intend to trespass long upon the indulgence of the house , for I have not the presumption to suppose that I can add any thing to what has been so ably and so eloquently stated by the noble lord who opened the debate . I am impelled , however , by a sense of duty , to deliver my opinions on the subject which is at present under consideration , and which is undoubtedly one of the most interesting and important that was ever debated within these walls . I am aware that though this subject has been often discussed , though it has received upon many former occa- 968 sions , the fairest and fullest investigation , yet that a difference of opinion unfortunately prevails respecting it . I deeply lament , sir , that this should be the case , but in whatever light the subject may be viewed , and whatever variety of sentiment may prevail upon different poins , I should wish to believe that with respect to the principle of the slave trade there could exist but one sentiment in this house and in the country . It is important to distinguish the principle of the slave trade from those additional circumstances which have served to aggravate the evil , but which might perhaps be alleviated by wise and salutary regulations . I allude , as is obvious to every gentleman who hears me , to the miseries of the middle passage , and to the cruelties and enormities which are proved to have been practised in the West Indies . These facts can not , I think , be disputed ; they have been proved and cir-cumstantiated by the clearest evidence , and if you admit the facts , you must also admit the atrocity of the slave trade . But , sir , it is immaterial to the present question whether those facts be or be not admitted , whether even those cruelties and enormities did or did not exist ; the mere possibility of their existence , the circumstance that so many innocent paid unhappy men groan under a government which is one of the most arbitrary and oppressive that the world ever witnessed , this alone is sufficient to stamp with infamy so iniquitous