addressing the house before they had gone into a committee , as the right hon . gent . 's opposition to the Speaker 's leaving the chair had it been persisted in , would have compelled him to advance in support of his motion , the same arguments with which he had already troubled the house , and thereby have involved him in an unpleasant repetition , that must have been to him extremely painful , as it could not have been to the house otherwise than irksome . He should begin with answering , the earnest injunction that had been imposed on him by the right hon . gent . in the conclusion of his speech . He would assure that right hon . gent . that if he could be brought to think that delay in this instance could possibly be productive of any one serious good effect , or even that it Would not be productive of material inconvenience , he should be extremely happy to meet his wishes , and should be the last person to press it to a speedy conclusion . And here he should take occasion to remark upon a mistake that had too generally gone abroad ; it had been said that he had bound himself as responsible for any future contingencies that might in a greater or less degree affect his plan . One of the principal merits of that plan he took to be , that while it looked prospectively to futurity , it did not go to impose any inconvenient restrictions ; with respect to the future , it was proposed that the War Taxes to the amount of 1,200,000l . should be mortgaged , and he was at a loss to conceive how any mischief could result from that plan that could for a moment weigh against the great and paramount advantage of a year 's repose to the country from the burthens of 814 additional taxation . The right hon . gent . had commented with some force upon the state of the war duties , but nothing had fallen from the right hon . gent . of which he had not been before apprized , and which had not made upon his mind a due impression . He admitted the difficulty of raising the War Taxes in time of peace , but begged leave to deprecate and protest against the opinion that what had been raised as necessary to support the prosecution of war , should , when that war was over , continue to be levied and rendered permanent in a peace establishment . At a season when events might arise which it was not in man to anticipate or predetermine on , a representative value for a certain portion of taxes had been suggested . He would ask the right honourable gentleman what substitute could be found for the plan ? How could the same relief be afforded by a system which would every year make a great addition to the permanent taxes ? He would shew it was impossible to stop taxation otherwise than by mortgaging the war taxes . When the war taxes could no longer be available , those permanent taxes the right hon . gent now recommended might be substituted : `` Like you , Sir John ! That we can do when all the rest is gone . '' If the war taxes would not be productive in the same amount in time of peace , some of them would be , and a considerable part of the charge at least , might be continued on each article . What had been mortgaged , would besides be successively falling in ; and if one tax must be given up , another might be substituted . He looked with confidence to the industry of a body of able officers as those of the revenue were , in preventing smuggling , particularly when encouraged by an improved system of reward , making them participate in the benefit of seizure , which they did not at present . The vessels and implements of the smugglers should be destroyed , and fines imposed