their standards . At a crisis like the present , he trusted , that the house would set an example of unanimity , in pledging themselves to a firm and vigorous prosecution of the war . Our present situation called for the exertion of all the energies of the county , with spirit and unanimity , and , he had no doubt , that I that spirit and unanimity would be dis- 21 played both by the parliament and the people . said , he should not think he had discharged his duty , if he allowed the address to pass without offering some observations on the speech which occasioned it . He would first embrace the opportunity of expressing his satisfaction at the able manner in which the address was moved by the noble earl , of whose friendship he was happy to boast He agreed with his noble friend in ever general sentiment which fell from him . They , as well as the manner in which they were delivered , called for the approbation of both sides of the house . No party-spirit should ever induce him to withhold his concurrence and applause from sentiments befitting the great crisis in which we were placed , and particularly when they were expressed by a nobleman for whom he had the greatest persona regard . There were , however , circumstances connected with the speech from the throne , to which he could not avoid calling the attention of their lordships . The first point upon which he should observe was one not openly mentioned in the speech , but indirectly alluded to ; he meant the dissolution of parliament . It was not his intention to question the king 's power to dissolve parliament ; that part of the prerogative he allowed in its fullest extent and plenitude . He admitted that it was a prerogative which was inherent in him , in its strongest sense . If it were possible that parliament could acquire legal permanence , for ever so short a time , independent of the crown , there would be no security for the monarchy . But this , like every part of the prerogative , should be exercised with a wholesome and sound discretion . If it should be found to have been exercised with levity , or without a due necessity , it was a measure for which ministers would incur a very weighty responsibility . What was there in the state of the country to have justified the late unexpected and premature dissolution of parliament—of a parliament which had only sat 4 sessions , and which had nearly three years to run ? From the passing of the septennial act in the year 1715 , almost 90 years ago , except in the precedent of 1784 , upon which he should say a few words before he sat down , there was no instance of a parliament being dissolved under six sessions . There was no instance , he would repeat his assertion , except a demise of the crown , and the one 22 he had mentioned . The dissolution of 1784 was one to which there could be no objection ; it was unavoidable . At that time a misunderstanding subsisted between the crown and the house of commons with respect to the government . Whenever such an unhappy difference did arise , there was but one way of composing it ; either the crown must yield , or dissolve the parliament . But had any circumstance recurred to justify the late dissolution ? Far from it ; and yet ministers , without a cause assigned , or indeed assignable , took upon them to advise a dissolution , for no other object that he could discover , than that , to them , no doubt , a most urgent one , of a little convenience . He could find no cause , except that which he had just stated , to warrant such a measure . The most probable was , that of the rupture of the negociation with France ; but let their lordships see how that question