to the propriety of the course of examination adopted by the learned counsel . The witness and counsel were of course ordered to withdraw , and await the decision of the house on such points . observed , that when counsel and witnesses were ordered to withdraw from the bar , it was not to be allowed that a petitioner should take the advantage of an indulgence which the house granted in such case , not to insist or the witness withdrawing more than a foot or two below the bar , instead of outside of the door ; it should not be permitted that a petitioner should lay hold of such an opportunity for conversing with the witness , or making observations on whatever might fall from any hon . member of that house . from below the bar , lamented that he had not an opportunity of fairly answering what was said in that house with reference to himself . But when he heard an observation so gross as that which had bean made by the hon . general— Here the petitioner was prevented from proceeding any further , by the authority of the chair , and was ordered to withdraw . The Speaker observed , that the house would judge for itself what it was proper for it to do after the proceeding that had just taken place , and which appeared so him so extraordinary that he should abstain from denominating it . He wished also to collect the sense of the house as to its practice , in the case of petitioners who prayed to be heard by themselves or their counsel whether having made their election to be heard by their counsel , they did not relinquish their right to be heard by themselves . had been so surprized at the extraordinary conduct of the petitioner that he had only been prevented by his 1064 feelings from calling the attention of the house to the gross , insolent , and outrageous proceeding . He thought the house was called upon to adopt some measure , in vindication of its own dignity ; and recommended that the petitioner should be brought to the bar , and acquainted by the Speaker with the sense entertained by the house of the impropriety of his conduct . urged in mitigation , not in justification of the petitioner , the feelings that must have been excited by the statement made by the hon . member under the gallery . had never had his eye off that part of the house since the commencement of this investigation , and assured the house that Mr. Paull had never gone out . submitted whether it would not be better than the house should not have any direct communication with him , but that whatever was to be done on the occasion should be done through the serjeant at arms.—The motion of lord Howick was then agreed to , and the petitioner and his counsel having been called in . The Speaker addressed him in the following terms : `` Mr. Paull , I am directed by the house to acquaint you , that , in its judgement , you have been guilty of great impropriety of conduct , and committed a gross outrage upon the privileges of the house . I am also directed to acquaint you , that you having made your election to be heard by your counsel , are no longer entitled , according to the practice of this house , to be heard by yourself . I am also again directed to inform the counsel that they confine their examination to matters of fact respecting the tampering with witnesses , and suppressing of evidence . '' was next examined . He stated , that he had been long acquainted with Drake , who had been a shipmate of his . Drake and he called at Mr. Sheridan 's , in Somerset Place , on the 19th of Feb . He there saw a very motley crew , such as he had never met before , and such as he wished never to meet again . He waited sometime