that resulted from such a mode of proceeding . Things , then , being in this state , there remained little to be done except with respect to the courts of law the offices of which formed the subject of the 27th report . He was not aware that any sinecure 711 of this description had been created since that report had been made . But that other more loose abuses had not taken place he was not prepared to deny , knowing as he did the tendency to abuse which existed where the expenditure was so large as it was in this country . All , therefore , that the government could do was , to use every effort to prevent the growth of such abuses ; and to check them where they existed . It had accordingly given an instruction to the auditors of accounts to observe such abuses , and to report upon them from time to time to the treasury . He would read the words of the warrant in which this instruction was conveyed . Here the noble lord read the words , which contained an instruction to the auditors to attend to and report specially upon all abuses and frauds committed at home or abroad . This was part of a warrant under which the auditors acted , and by this means he hoped that a strong and permanent check upon abuses would be established . Why , then , it appeared that great progress had been made in destroying offices , and that there was a disposition in the government to prevent the unnecessary renewal of them . But though little remained to be done , yet he did not contend that that little ought to remain undone . He had no objection , therefore , to the appointment of a committee which should finish a business in which so great a progress had already been made . He was of opinion , that with a slight alteration in the words , the motion deserved the assent of the house , and that a committee should be appointed to inquire into what had been done , and what remained further to be done towards the accomplishment of this great object . Whatever might be the merits of former commissioners , it would be recollected that they were fallible , and that in the best institutions there would be some failure . He expected from this examination , that a foundation would be laid for finally eradicating great abuses in the management of the public money , and that the most material benefit would accrue with regard to the system of public economy . Therefore he not only agreed in the principle of this motion , but also approved of the policy of appointing such committees , at different successive periods , to examine into the real state of the public expenditure . He trusted he had satisfied the house that all due attention had been paid to economy , and there was a disposition in the govern- 712 ment to promote that important object by every means in their power . The noble lord concluded by proposing an alteration in the motion , so that , as amended , it stood thus , 'That a select committee be appointed to examine and consider what regulations and checks have been established , in order to controul the several branches of the public expenditure in Great Britain and Ireland , and how far the same have been effectual ; and what further measures can be adopted for reducing any part of the said expenditure , or diminishing the amount of salaries and emoluments without detriment to the public service ; and that they do report the same , with their observations thereupon to the house . ' thought the liberality and candour manifested by his noble friend who had just sat down , particularly entitled him to the thanks of the country . But at the same time he must say , that his noble friend 's opinion as to the necessity of substituting pensions for the established sinecures , struck him with surprise .