present existing . On the contrary , when the proceedings were carried on by the Treasury , no such information could be acquired before the proper time , and the ends of justice would thereby be secured . This was an illustration of the doctrine which he had stated , and when the right hon . gent . was aware of these circumstances , the noble lord had no doubt he would consent to withdraw his motion . agreed that the motion ought to be withdrawn . He differed from his right hon . friend with respect to the practice of the house ; for , if the prece- 677 dents were closely examined , it would appear that in those cases where the house had taken up the matter , the discoveries had been made by committees of their own , and were connected with some affair before the house . But , even if the house should take the proceedings in this case into its own hands , he thought that the Attorney and Solicitor General ought to be ordered to proceed on the report , merely without giving in any previous detailed opinion . The reason why he thought so , was founded on the mischievous effects that would result from premature publicity , as had been stated by the noble lord . But while there was no pretence that the treasury did not do its duty , he apprehended that it was much better to leave the case in their hands . said , that after what had fallen from the noble lord , he would certainly , with the leave of the house , withdraw his motion . explained , that the reason why he had the other night withdrawn his motion on this subject was , that he thought it would be attended with great inconvenience to interfere with the steps that had been already taken by the treasury . begged it to be understood , that no prosecution had as yet commenced , for the reasons which he stated on a former night . It was thought more advisable to postpone any prosecution till it could be seen what further lights would be furnished by the production of Mr. Davison 's cash account with general Delancey . On the motion of the archbishop of Canterbury , the bishop of Exeter was desired to preach before their lordships in Westminster Abbey , on Wednesday , the 25th instant , being the day appointed for a General Fast . The house resolved itself into a committee on the bill for abolishing the Slave Trade . The preamble having been postponed , said , with respect to filling up the blanks in the bill , that the time which he intended to propose as the period for the abolition of this trade , might , perhaps , appear somewhat at variance with that eager desire which the house had expressed for the abolition , but the gratification arising from the near pros- 678 pect of at length carrying into effect this great measure , would , perhaps , induce them to give way , in a small degree , to circumstances , and not to insist upon an abolition to take place immediately . He proposed that the time to be fixed for the abolition of the trade to the West Indies should be the 1st of January , 1808 , but that the period after which no ships engaged in the trade should clear out from the ports of this country , should be the 1st of May in the present year . His object in proposing these periods was , that the vessels at present engaged in the trade might have a fair opportunity of clearing out from the ports of this country , previous to the 1st of May next , and afterwards of taking in their lading in the ports of Africa , and of carrying their cargoes to the West Indies , previous to the 1st of January , 1808 . As it might happen , however , that from unavoidable circumstances some vessels might not be able to complete their