first moment of the negociation to the last , their only object was to endeavour to effect a separation between this country and Russia . Had Russia , my lords , insisted upon extravagant and immoderate terms , or had she insisted upon points trifling and uninteresting , it would have been a painful duty for me to stand up in this place and state the rupture of the negociation in consequence of any such conduct on the part of Russia . But , my lords , the very contrary of all this was the 268 case ; the terms insisted on by Russia were moderate , free from all views of ambition , and were only directed to the security of her allies . She demanded the guarantee of Sicily to the king of Naples , and the evacuation of Dalmatia by the French troops . By holding Dalmatia , the French turn the flank of the defence of Austria , and threaten the Austrian capital . Dalmatia also , though not immediately connected with Turkey , is yet occupied by the French troops , with hostile designs against that power . Dalmatia is not necessary to the vast empire obtained by the arms of France , and can only be held by the latter power as a post of offence towards Austria and the Porte , and of hostility towards Russia . These were the only terms insisted on by Russia , not to gratify any objects of ambition , not for the increase of power , but to obtain security for her allies , to obtain that in which this country was equally interested . The guarantee of Sicily to the king of Naples was clearly a British object , and in which this country has a preferable interest . This evacuation of Dalmatia by the French troops , to which Russia confined herself , not making any demand of the territory , is also of importance to this country as well as to our ally . With this good faith and moderation on the part of Russia , would it not have been an indelible disgrace to this country if we had violated good faith on our part ? If we had accepted separate terms , would it not , after the good faith displayed by the emperor of Russia , have been a foul stain upon the country never to be washed away—a disgrace and a degradation which never could have been disunited from our name ? And what are these terms which were offered to us as the price of disgrace and dishonour ? We were to be allowed to keep Malta , which France can never take from us except by acquiring a naval superiority . The Cape of Good Hope also , which is equally secure to us , and which if it should be by accident taken by any French fleet , which might escape our blockading squadrons , would not remain 6 months in the possession of France . India , where our power is not to be shaken by any efforts of France , and Tobago , merely to mention which , is sufficient ; these were the terms offered to us to induce us to disgrace and dishonour ourselves by violating our good faith , and deserting our faithful ally . My lords , I should have rejoiced if I could have had the opportunity , instead of moving an address 269 to his majesty upon the rupture of the negociation , of moving an address upon the conclusion of peace . That I have not that opportunity , is wholly to be attributed to the enemy , to his views of ambition , to the principles upon which he acted , and which were utterly irreconcileable with those principles upon which this country must ever act , for the preservation of her interests , and the maintenance of her honour . I am sure I shall have every heart and mind in the country with me , when I say that this country never can negociate upon a principle of inferiority to France . An expression was