topics , which in his estimation disqualified the earl of Lauderdale from acting in the capacity of plenipotentiary from this country to France . The leaders of the different revolutionary factions in France have expiated their crimes by their blood . But if to the various qualifications for such a situation possessed by my noble friend ; his extensive information , his indefatigable industry , his acknowledged talents , and his inflexible integrity , could be added an actual acquaintance with the characters and persons of some of those with whom he might have to transact business of such importance , surely in the eyes of any reasonable man , it would decide the preference in his favour.—It is not , however , sir , merely for the purpose of animadverting upon these objectionable parts of the speech of that hon . gent. , or of refuting his argument that I have risen to-night , but also for the purpose of expressing opinions , the influence of which upon my mind I am not able to controul . So far from entering into the sentiments of the hon . gent. , I entertain those of a nature entirely opposite , respecting the negociation the details of which are now under the consideration of the house . I can not concur in the language of the Declaration which it has been recommended to his majesty to publish , that the failure of the negociation is attributable solely to the injustice and ambition of France ; neither can I concur in voting an address which tends to annihilate all hopes of peace to this country and the world.—No one , sir , who may have thought it worth while to look at my situation personally , or to attend to the conduct I have adopted from the formation of the existing administration to the present day , can doubt of the pain I must experience in the execution of the task I feel myself called upon to perform.—My known love and enthusiastic veneration for the dead ; my close connexion with , and affectionate friendship for the living ; my active and zealous support of measures which I approved , but for which I was not responsible ; my public declarations on the subject of this very negotiation , upon the 341 faith of those whom I trusted ; must , I think , secure me against the slightest imputation of acting from any motives but those of unmixed and sacred duty.— Sir , I will confess that in conformity to the sentiments I have always expressed in this house , peace is the object nearest my heart : and I need hardly explain , that by peace , I mean peace achieved with honour . One , therefore , of the principal sources of gratification to my mind arising out of the change which took place some time since in the councils of his majesty , was the conviction that the first opportunity of effecting a pacification with France , would be seized and improved by the persons now in power . I looked with an eager eye for the first symptom that might indicate the possibility of so joyful an event . I listened with an anxious ear for the first favourable rumour : and when I caught the grateful news of a correspondence actually on foot , I drew happy omens of the event , from my firm persuasion that all the parties engaged were sincere ; and from my belief that peace sought in the spirit of peace is seldom sought in vain.—When the scene had closed , when all hope had Vanished , my disappointment was keen , but my confidence was unabated . Upon the faith I had in my noble and hon . friends , and most especially in my noble friend , and relation below me ( lord Howick ) , I believed that peace with France had not been concluded , because it had not been possible to conclude it with honour . Certainly , then , I came to the consideration of the papers before you with the strongest feelings of partiality