bring in a bill to explain and amend the Grenville Act respecting election committees . The hon . member was proceeding to detail the grounds of his motion , when the Speaker begged to remind the hon . gent . that the house confided all matters touching Election Petitions to its committees , and that , according to the practice of the house , the hon . gentleman ought to confine himself to stating the object of his motion . Mr. Simeon was aware , that the decision of se- 674 lect committees were final relative to the elections , but from the circumstance of the chairman of the Maldon Committee having given a double vote in the late case , whereby one member was seated , and another deprived of his seat , he thought this part ought to be regulated . It was on that ground , that he proposed to give notice of a motion to amend the Grenville Act . The hon . member fixed his motion for Monday next.—Mr . Atkyns Wright presented at the bar , the minutes of the evidence taken before the Penrhyn Committee . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—The house having gone into a committee of the whole house , to consider of the several acts relative to the Trade of the Cape of Good Hope , Mr. Hobhouse in the chair ; it was resolved , That the chairman be directed to move for leave to bring in a bill to authorise his Majesty for a time to be limited , to make regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce of the Cape of Good Hope . On the house being resumed , the chairman moved for and obtained leave to bring in a bill accordingly.—The Lord Advocate of Scotland moved , that the order for the committal of the Scotch Clergy bill should be discharged . The bill , of which he had given notice , to vest the powers of the Commissioners of Teinds in the court of Exchequer , would embrace the object of the bill which he now wished to withdraw . The order was accordingly discharged . in rising to make his proposed motion for the production of the opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General , relative to the case of Mr. Alexander Davison , disclaimed all idea of imputing any neglect to the government in the performance of its duty . The principal difference between himself and the noble lord ( H. Petty ) was this . The noble lord was for leaving the matter to the management of the executive government . He thought that where a parliamentary commission was appointed to examine into the public expenditure , the prosecutions ought to be conducted at the instance , and under the direction of this house , rather than be left to the government . He had no intention whatever to convey th idea , that blame rested any where . He did not for a moment suppose , that the executive power had not done its duty in this affair , nor did he impute to it any wish to protect delinquen- 675 cy . He had no doubt that the learned gent . had given a sound and proper opinion . It only appeared to him , that the proceedings in this case ought to be conducted under the order of the house , and this was the object of his motion . This had been the practice of the house when frauds had been discovered in the management of the public money . He mentioned a case very similar to the present , which had occurred in the reign of queen Anne , where certain persons who had committed frauds in furnishing beer to the navy , had been prosecuted by the house . To be sure , these were discovered by a committee of the house , and here the commissioners had been appointed by the crown . But we were to look at the nature of the abuses , which was such as called for the interference of this house . The opinion