that adjoining to the land in which they were destined to dwell , there existed a region wherein the earth brought forth her fruits spontaneously , and her productions could be enjoyed without toil , in luxurious and sensual indolence . So strong was the impression , that they actually set out in quest of this fancied spot . Their fate need not be told . Some , after incredible toils and hardships , returned exhausted with hunger and fatigue ; the rest perished in the wilderness , and their carcases became a prey to the beasts of the desert and the birds of the 869 air.—Thus , sir , if any politician under a similar species of delusion , were to profess that he could lead mankind by any path to the attainment of universal plenty and comfort , he and his followers would immediately be overwhelmed in the wilderness of error.—But here , I must stop to say , that after the most anxious and patient research into the state of society in these kingdoms , during a long period , I believe the situation of the lower and more useful classes to be better in every respect than at any former time : and he who shall attempt to persuade them to the contrary , must be either weak , misinformed , or wicked.—Sir , I have in view the practical benefit of mankind . In order to form myself for this day , I have had recourse to principles and unerring experience . Sir , I have been undoubtedly assisted by data upon your table , furnishing grounds of action , such as none of my predecessors had the good fortune to possess ; and the subject has lately been submitted to an investigation much more accurate than any it had ever before undergone . One philosopher in particular has arisen amongst us , who has gone deeply into the causes of our present situation . I mean Mr. Malthus . His work upon Population has , I believe , been very generally read ; and it has completed that change of opinion with regard to the poor-laws , which had before been in some measure begun . Sir , I have studied the works of this author with as much attention as I am capable of bestowing upon any subject . I am desirous of doing the most ample justice to his patient and profound research ; to the inimitable clearness of his demonstration , and to the soundness of the principles on which he proceeds . I believe them to be incontrovertible . But in many of the conclusions to which he comes , I materially differ from him . Although I believe the design and intention of the author to be most benevolent , and that so much is to be collected from his writings , I think any man who reads them , ought to place a strict guard over his heart , lest it become hardened against the distresses of his fellow creatures ; lest in learning that misery and vice must of necessity maintain a footing in the world , he give up all attempt at their subjugation.—Sir , this philosopher has delivered it as his opinion , that the poor-laws have not only failed in their object , but that they have been productive of much more wretchedness 870 than would have existed without them : that `` though they may have alleviated a little the intensity of individual misfortune , they have spread the evil over a larger surface . '' [ Malthus , v. ii . p . 149 . ] Many persons agreeing in this position , have wished that the whole system was well expunged from our statute book ; and perhaps I should not go too far in saying that such is the prevailing sentiment.—But , sir , I think no one has been bold enough to propose a total and immediate abrogation of the poor-laws . Sir , I need hardly say , that no man could be bold enough to propose that , which must in its operation generate a most formidable