and thousands of our fellow subjects depended ! the redress of which should be relatively considered , and taking into view , on the one hand , the radical barbarous internal situation of Africa , the inadequate and incomplete object of that abolition which was proposed by the bill , and on the other , the magnitude of the danger to the colonies , he was of opinion , that the remedy was worse than the disease , and that we were incurring a most fearful risk , without the power or the means , of extending to Africa , the practical benefits of those principles of justice and humanity on which the bill was speciously founded . He entered into a minute description of the Situation and circumstances of Africa , to shew that a state of slavery was the radical and incurable inheritance of her soil , not induced by the slave trade , but arising from the petty divisions of her states , 1047 the jealousies inseparable from those opposing authorities , and that state of incivilization and barbarism in which Africa remained , amidst the improvements of other nations . Besides this objection , he said , that the bill was incompetent to effect the abolition of the slave trade . Great Britain possessed not more than one-fifth of that trade ; she could do no more than abandon that part of the trade which she possessed , she could not compel Africa to abolish the trade : such an object could only be accomplished by the concurring opinion of the other nations of Europe that maintain the trade for the same political reasons that we do . We must establish a sincerity of feeling on the other nations , of the injustice of this trade ; leading to an active honourable pursuit of the same object , and by one common voice to that complete and entire abolition of the trade , from which alone the consummation of that great object could he accomplished . This view was sufficient to raise a doubt of the practical advantages of the bill to Africa , and when contrasted with the danger which threatens our colonies , was decisive of the necessity of rejecting it . The danger to the property of the colonies , arose from the necessity of a continued supply of negroes for the cultivation of property , without which experience had proved , that the supply could not be maintained even in the old islands , under every system of meliorated treatment which could be devised , and under the advantages of religious establishments . The happy effects of which on the minds , habits , and regularity of the negroes , in the island of Antigua he could unequivocally assert from his own knowledge . The danger arose also from the probability of a diminished white population ; on that part of it especially which constitutes the yeomanry of the colonies , and its permanent military strength , by withholding the only means of advancement which the limited circumstances of the colonies afford . From the probability also of a diminution in the value of West-India property , and the serious consequences to those who stood in situations of pecuniary embarrassments . All those were exposed to utter ruin ; for it could not be expected that a creditor will rest satisfied with security of deteriorated value and security , if it might be so called , exposed to daily annihilation . But , said he , there is another danger still more alarming , a danger to the lives and existence of our 1048 fellow subjects , which it is not in my power to estimate . I view those consequences with fearful anxiety , as leading , necessarily leading , to a fatal paroxyem of disaffection and insurrection , and to a renewal of those revolutionary horrors , from the effects of which Europe is not now free , and which will live in the recollection of mankind , an aweful lesson of the dangerous effects of innovating schemes of great national import , and a just and powerful motive for