made , re-appointing the same committee to search for precedents of cases , touching the expulsion of members , and also of members who , having been expelled , had been re-elected ; and to report thereon to the house . Mr. Wilberforce , in adverting to this sub- 564 ject , stated , that the house would remember the Resolution that had been voted by that house in the last session of the last parliament , pledging the house to take measures for the speedy Abolition of the Slave Trade . This resolution , it would be recollected , bound that house to take such steps for the early abolition of a traffic which it declared to be contrary to justice and humanity , as the house in its wisdom should deem proper . It might be thought that those interested in this question ought to have brought forward the measure in the early part of this session ; but as a proceeding had been instituted in the other house of parliament for that purpose , he had been induced to abstain hitherto from bringing the subject under the consideration of the house . If that proceeding , however , should be extended to too great a length , so as to preclude the probability of its passing this session , he should , if no more competent person undertook the task , bring the matter forward in that house . was happy that the hon . member had mentioned the subject , thinking that the attention of the new parliament could not be too soon directed to it . He thought the hon . gent . acted right in not having brought forward any proposition on the subject , as the proceeding in the other house would tend to the same end . Their own honour , and the honour of the house , was concerned in instituting some proceeding that would lead to an abolition of a trade , which parliament had declared to be contrary to justice , humanity , and sound policy . Lord Henry Petty moved , the order Of the day , for the house to resolve into a committee of the whole house , to take into consideration the Finances of the Country : also that the several acts relating to the redemption of the Public Debt , and also the several acts for granting to his majesty certain duties , for a limited time after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace , be referred to the said committee . The house having resolved itself into the said committee , Mr. Hobhouse in the chair , rose , and addressed the committee as follows : —I feel , Mr. Hobhouse , as I naturally and inevitably must , some weight upon my mind , in rising to address you on the present occasion . I feel that anxiety which . the vast magnitude of the subject 565 calculated to inspire , but yet from its magnitude and its importance , I derive some consolation , as they afford me a stronger claim upon the indulgence of this committee . I can indeed have no fear that such indulgence will be denied me , when you consider the arduous nature of the task , which my duty calls upon me to perform : and above all when you reflect , that the statements of our resources , which are the result of the accounts , for which my right hon . friend has moved , and which are to be laid upon your table , can not now be regarded , only , as the subject of idle boast and self-congratulation , but contain all the elementary principles , and compose the solid foundation of our greatness—that they afford the means to which we are to look , the instrument we are to employ , in maintaining and securing all that we possess of national independence and individual freedom . I confidently indulge the expectation that notwithstanding the dryness and prolixity of the various minute and complicated details into which I may be obliged to enter , the subject must ex