Now , sir , it may seem extraordinary , but it is nevertheless true , that although the `` intelligent historian , '' upon whose authority the noble lord grounds * Historical Sketches of the Slave Trade . 986 these assertions , does indeed , in his intro–duction to his seventh book , state , that , acc–ording to the accounts of some preceding traveller , the inhabitants of Negro Land lead a brutal life , waging no wars , nor seeking conquests out of their own limits ; yet he , who travelled through these coun–tries himself , and who thinks it necessary to state , as an apology for being less particular respecting one city , that be only staid here a month , Leo goes on to describe the different districts of Negro Land , and his account differs little from what we read of that country at this day . I have the pas–sages in my hand , sir , but I will not detain the house by reading them , in which be states of many of the sovereigns of those parts , that they were perpetually at war , and liable to frequent predatory incursions from their neighbours . The sovereign of Tombuctou , in particular , by his account , was a most savage and insidious tyrant , invading , both by force and fraud , the do–mains of all the petty princes near him . Slaves were publicly sold to the Moors and to the Egyptians , and at so cheap a rate , as that fifteen to twenty were paid for one horse—and for what were these horses wanted , sir ? —for the purposes of war : he was the most formidable potentate , who could bring the most numerous cavalry into the field , and these were the instruments with which he invaded and plundered his neighbours . Leo relates of one district , that , being placed betwixt two powerful and war–like states , and having no outlet for its pro–ductions but over mountains impassable by camels , the slaves were compelled to carry over these mountains each a weight of 100lbs . on their heads , for a space of ten miles , and sometimes twice in a day , so that they became bald with the grievous pressure . * —Of Borno , a district of not less than 500 miles in extent from east to west , Leo relates , that the king was perpetually picking quarrels with his neighbours ; keeping up a large military force , yet having but little income , excepting what he ob–tained by frequent predatory excursions ; so greedy , that , although he possessed plenty of gold , he yet obliged the merchants who traded with him , to take slaves in exchange for what they bought , and some–times detained them from year to year , much against their will , until the season ar–rived for his military expeditions . Here * The circumstance of their becoming bald , is in the French , and not in the Latin , translation of Leo . 987 sir , is Africa , at this early day , inviting the slave trade , not the slave trade seducing Africa . I might quote other passages from this `` most intelligent historian , '' equally tending to shew how unjustifiable is the noble lord 's conclusion , upon his authority , but I will beg to refer gentlemen , who may be anxious for correct information , to the book itself , and to the voyages of Cade-mosta , who wrote about the same time , and whose evidence has also been grievously misrepresented . These accounts are not , sir , actually anterior to the com–mencement of the Portuguese trade upon the coast , although contemporary with its infancy , and they have not the smallest connexion with that trade , which commenced , as I understand , in another and more southern district of the coast . I will , also , sir , beg leave to call the attention of gen–tlemen to the accounts of the travellers Bruce