Being asked whether it was his object to get money from Burgess ? he said : `` No : '' but a former answer being read to him , in 1069 which he had said the contrary , he admitted , the object was money . He had gone not to ask , but to see if Burgess would offer any money . Being examined by Mr. Sheridan , he denied that he bad lately been locked up with a parcel of pickpockets , in the black-hole , Catharine-street ; but he had not very lately been at Marlborough-street office.—There not being any more witnesses to be examined , the learned counsel were informed that on Thursday next they might proceed with their summing up , being mindful , however , that , as they had been directed to do in their opening , they should confine themselves to such matters only as went to support the allegations in the petition . observed , that , in a case where a wish was expressed to punish others for impeding or preventing the regular course of justice by tampering with witnesses , he had never heard of a set of witnesses who more justly merited the censure of the tribunal before which they gave their testimony , than those who had then been examined at the bar of the house , particularly the witness Richardson . thought that the hon . gent . was too limited in his idea of censure ; he ( sir J . ) was of opinion that Balam was the principal man : it was he that employed Richardson ; and it was necessary , for the ends of justice , that some means should be taken to secure the witnesses , as was usual in a court of criminal judicature , to answer for their scandalous prevarication . intimated that , if he should think it necessary to go into any evidence or his case , it would amount to a recrimination against those who brought the present charge before the house.—Adjourned . The order of the day having been read for taking into consideration his majesty 's message , said , with , respect to that part of the message in which his majesty informed the house of the conclusion of treaty with Prussia , as it was also stated that a copy of the treaty would be laid before the house as soon as the ratifications were exchanged , he thought it unnecessary then to enter into any detail respecting it the proper time for discussing the subject being when the treaty should be before the house . With respect to the other part of his majesty 's message , relative to the ad- 1070 vance of 80,000l . the minister employed in that transaction , was , it was well known , a member of that house , a nobleman distinguished by his military exploits in the service of his country ; distinguished also by his great talents and capabilities of mind . That nobleman had , in consequence of the pressing exigency of affairs in those countries which were the theatre of war , and in the exercise of the discretionary power entrusted to him by his Majesty , advanced money to the amount of about 80,000l . This was not the exact sum , the payments having been made in foreign money ; but it was about that sum . He thought there could be little difference of opinion in that house , as to the expediency of entrusting to the nobleman to whom he had alluded a discretionary power to advance a limited sum , in case circumstances should require it ; their lordships would , also , he thought , readily believe that there might have existed that pressing exigency of affairs , which would have rendered the advance of this sum in the way stated , highly adviseable and expedient ; and he was persuaded their lordships would be of opinion , that such a discretionary power could not be entrusted to better hands . He should therefore merely move , That an humble address be presented