next . In the committee of privilege , Mr. Adam was heard on behalf of the claim of Charles Augustus Ellis , an infant , to the barony of Howard de Walden , 825 and the Attorney General on behalf of the crown . After counsel had withdrawn lord Arden moved , that the chairman should be directed to move the house that the proper officer should attend with the enrollments of patents of peerage granted in the reign of queen Elizabeth . A conversation ensued between lords Hawkesbury , Auckland , Arden , the duke of Norfolk , lords Eldon , Holland , the earl of Suffolk , the lord Chancellor , and lord Redesdale , the result of which was , that lord Arden withdrew his motion . After some further observations from the duke of Norfolk and lord Hawkesbury , the further consideration of the claims was deferred till this day three weeks.—The Controverted Elections Trial bill , the Barrack Commissioners bill , and the Cape of Good Hope Trade regulation Bill , passed through the committees and were reported.—The bill for the Regulation of Courts of Justice in Scotland was , on the motion of lord Walsingham , ordered to be read a second time on Monday , the 9th of March , and the lords to be summoned for that day.—The earl of Rosslyn moved an Address to his majesty , praying for certain papers consisting of returns respecting the effective strength of the military force of the country , Ordered . A message from the lords announced their lordships ' assent to the Irish Customs Regulation bill.—The house was ordered to be called over on Thursday next.—The following members were appointed by ballot , to try and determine the merits of the petition , complaining of an undue election for the borough of Liskeard : sir Charles Pole , sir Charles Mordaunt , E. R. Portman , esq . John Maitland , esq . Michael Sims , esq . Joseph Cripps , esq . John Hudson , esq . John Leveson Gower , esq . hon . Courtenay Boyle , Richard Trevanion , esq . Edward Long , esq . Charles Edmonston , esq . R. H. Bradshaw , esq . : Nominees , Thomas Creevey , esq . right hon . Charles Long.—The following members were appointed to try the merits of the petition , complaining of an undue election for Sudbury : lord Brooke , Michael Hicks Beach , esq . hon . sir A. Wellesley , hon . Robert Curzon , lord Grenville Leveson Gower , Jas . Graham , esq . hon . W. Augustus Townshend , William Mellish , 826 esq . sir C. M. Burrell , bart . lord Archibald Hamilton , Henry Swann , esq . hon . A. C. Bradshaw , sir William Paxton ; Nominees , sir John Doyle , bart . Robert Hurst , esq . A petition of the tanners of Ulverstone and its vicinity , in the county of Lancaster , was presented to the house , and read : taking notice of the bill for indemnifying persons who have incurred penalties for regrating and engrossing Oaken bark ; and for repealing so much of an act of the 2d year of king James the first , as prohibits the same ; and praying , that the same may pass into a law . A petition of the tanners of the district of Armagh ; and also , A petition of the tanners of Gorey and its vicinity , in the county of Wexford , were also severally presented to the house , and read ; likewise taking notice of the said bill ; and setting forth , that if the object and clauses of the said act of the 2d year of king James the first , to prevent the regrating or re-selling Oak bark , should be carried into execution , the annihilation of the tanning trade in Ireland would be the inevitable consequence ; and therefore praying , that the house will not permit the provisions of the said act to be enforced . And the said petitions were