court martial , there might arise , as in this instance , a case of moral turpitude . The ground on which he apprehended parliament de–cided was , that there was such a corpus delicti , as fully justified them in the exer–cise of their power . It was impossible to carry the question before a court where it could have been better decided . When it came on again before the present parliament , he trusted that no objection would be made on the ground of the defect of evidence , or any statute of limitation which seemed to be hinted at , as if this par–liament could not look at the same evidence that had been given during a previous par–liament . If it was fit to re-exercise a right now , which had been exercised before , there could be no difficulty . If the exer–cise of the right was not bad then , it could not be bad now . The only question was , whe–ther the house could re-expel a member who had been expelled by a former parliament ? in explanation , declared that he never meant to question the grounds of the proceeding in the last parliament ; a subject on which he was not sufficiently informed . If the house thought that the evidence ( independent of the sen–tence ) was conclusive , they had been right in doing as they had done . All that he had said was , that any sentence , and more especially any military sentence , must be an insufficient ground for such a proceeding . asked , if the learned gent . thought the sentence of a court mar–tial too fmsy a ground of proceeding , what ground would he expect ? The learn–ed gent . was in error when he said that no right existed in the person tried by a court martial to challenge his judges . It was both the right and the practice . He was surprised how the learned gent . could think as he had expressed himself , without deem–ing the act of the last parliament a flagrant injustice . denied having 524 used the ward flimsy , as applied to the sentence of a court martial . stated , in explanation , that he did not say the broad shield of government had been thrown over the delin–quent . He only cautioned the noble lord to avoid doing any thing which might be so misconstrued ; nor did he say that the house should take the proceedings of a court martial for their guide ; although he differed from the learned gent . on his notions of honour , he was as willing to abide by the honour of a court martial , as the decision of a court of justice . observed , that although this question had been already dis–cussed and decided , still there was no reason why the house should not , under the present circumstances , exercise its discretion , and come to an opinion . did not rise to detain the house by entering into the merits of this ques–tion , his object merely was , to receive further explanations from the learned gent . ( the attorney-general ) as to his application of fanci–ful notions of honour , & c. to courts martial . declared , that he did not apply the words honour or disho–nour to a court martial ; he had already stated , that the acceptation of proceeding on any such fanciful phrase would not be received in a court of justice . was exceedingly sorry to feel himself obliged to trouble the house on this subject , after the ample discussion it had undergone in this preliminary stage ; but the warmth of some members having superseded the perfect good humour with which the noble lord had introduced his motion , made him rise , in the hope of es–tablishing the question on its original ground ; and certainly he must confess , that the mode proposed by the noble lord appeared to him the best which the nature and importance of the case demanded . It