late ministers would have made the estimates higher . With respect to the increased allowances in the Chelsea 547 establishment , he would be the last man to object to an increase of the rewards grant–ed to those who had spent great part of their lives in the service of their country , but he dreaded the effect of these increased allowances in a peace establishment . In the event of a peace , probably 50,000 men would be discharged , and , adding the in–creased allowances , an additional expence would accrue of 6 or 700,000l . thought the measure of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) for recruiting the army , deserved the highest praise as a general and permanent system , but he doubted its effect in providing for immediate defence . He approved highly of converting the service for life into a service for years . He approved also of the training bill , as tending to diffuse a mili–tary spirit throughout the country , but at the same time he thought it was calculated to do any thing rather than provide for im–mediate defence . The right hon . gent . had on former occasions given them the tone in calling for measures calculated to pro–cure an immediate supply for the army , and he must allow them to give him the tone again , in calling for measures of a similar nature . Much time was necessarily lost in preparing great measures , and in carrying them into execution , and he felt anxious for some measure that should in the mean while meet the immediate exi–gencies of the country . made a few observations relative to the capture of Buenos Ayres . Among other things , he stated that a most able and intelligent officer , a gentleman who had been particularly noticed in the dispatches from that place , had informed him that nothing but the great prompti–tude of general Beresford , prevented the army from laying down their arms ; and that , if it were not that the most active and spirited exertions were made by that officer , if they were delayed for the space of two or three hours , the whole army must have met with inevitable destruction . An account of the recapture of that place had been put into his hands since he had come into the house ; but from a compa–rison of the date of that communication , and the place it came from , with the date of the original capture , and the situation of the city itself , he found that it was im–possible that the fact could then have ta–ken place , and therefore could not suppose from that authority , that it had taken place at all . To have carried the intelligence 548 from the one place to the other at that time , the bearer must , without the convenience of stage coaches , have travelled between 3 and 4000 miles in the course of 72 days , and that over roads considerably worse than those of the Alps , or the very worst parts of the continent of Europe . corrected some apprehensions which appeared to have prevailed among gentlemen on the opposite side of the house . It was stated , that the number of men raised according to the papers on the table , did not equal the amount of what his right hon . friends had stated in their speeches . It was to be recollected , however , the papers began the account from the month of March last , and , of course , they did not contain a year 's return . Now , if gentlemen would have the goodness to wait until the month of March next , he was confident , from the result of the most minute enquiries which he had made in the best informed quarters , that by that time the numbers would even exceed those stated in the estimate of his right hon . friends ; the house had also the testimony of a gallant officer near him (