's motion were admitted , it would prove injurious to this country , and favourable to the enemy . The learned gent . had made an attack on his hon . friends for their opposing this motion . But he could have wished , that the learned gent . had called to remembrance his own conduct , when he ( lord T. ) and some friends of his who disapproved of the treaty of Amiens , had supported a motion for some papers relating to that treaty . It had then been objected to them , that the treaty was concluded , and no person had given a more decided 646 opposition to that motion than the learned gentleman , with the whole force of his eloquence . The learned gent . had asked , whether there was any precedent of a similar paper , when moved for , having been refused ? but he should ask that learned gent . for a precedent of a similar paper having been asked to be produced ? Many orders of council had , on different occasions , been called for ; but this was the first time in which an order of council had been called for immediately after it was made , and before it could be known what effect it would produce . It was agreed on all hands , that this country possessed the right of retaliating ; but the question was , whether it would be politic in us to exercise that right to its full extent ? The noble lord seemed to think it a great object to prevent her colonial produce from reaching France ; and the learned gent . had stated , that if that were effected , it would raise the price of our colonial produce in France . He admitted that such an effect would be the consequence . But was the noble lord aware of the consequences that would result to the commerce and manufactures of this country , if the neutral colonial trade were done away ? The exports from this country amounted within the last year to 24 millions , which , he admitted , had unfortunately not all been exported in British vessels : 11 millions of these had been exported to America , a small portion of which were for the American consumption , and the rest were disposed of in payment for colonial produce , which was afterwards brought to Europe . The utmost produce of the French colonies in one year , did not exceed 4 or 5 millions , so that the whole of the remainder must have been the produce of the British colonies . The effect of putting a stop to the colonial trade , therefore , would be to diminish the amount of the exports from Great Britain . The exports to America had sunk considerably during the last peace , because the trade which the Americans had enjoyed exclusively before , was then carried on by the mother countries . Another objection that appeared to him against measures of rigorous retaliation was , that if American trade to , French ports were to be stopped , according to his apprehensions , the interruption could not be extended to their trade to friendly neutral ports . The result therefore would be , that French colonial produce would be spread by the Americans all over Europe , and by meeting our own colo- 647 nial produce in every market diminish its value . The learned gent . had expressed some satisfaction that the right had not been conceded , though he could not conceive how the right could have been reserved if not acted upon ; certainly it could no otherwise be a right reserved them by not being acted upon , viz . a right dormant until an occasion should occur for exercising it . The hon . and learned gent . had recommended as a substitute for the present measure , to compel Americans to touch at British ports , before they should be allowed to proceed to the ports of France . This appeared to him a most extraordinary proposition