correspondence subsequent to that letter was correctly given in the Moniteur . Undoubtedly the case is altered by that letter of M. Talleyrand , which is now brought to light . Undoubtedly that letter , and the communication of Buonaparte 's speech , expressing his willingness to treat on the basis of the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens , constituted a distinct overture , to which Mr. Fox replied as it was fit he should do.—Two things , however , I must remark , which the noble lord does not appear to bear in his recollection ; 1st , that I never attributed any blame to the making the first overture , supposing we had in fact made it ; on the contrary , I distinctly said that at any time when negociation might be desirable , I could not conceive that any delicacy as to which party should make the proposal ought to stand in the way : the 377 blame would have belonged wholly to the publishing in his majesty 's declaration , an assertion not supported by facts . 2d1y , That my objections to the letter about the assassin were not confined to the single point of its unfitness as an overture ; but were many of them of a nature to be in no degree done away by the proof of its not having been intended as an overture for negociation . Those objections I still feel . I still think the letter in its whole style and tenour , in conception and in taste , altogether unworthy of the great man who was the writer of it ; and so unlike him , so wholly unlike any thing else of his writing which appears in the papers upon the table , that , when I heard the noble lord speak of the interpolations which the enemy had audaciously inserted in the publication in the Moniteur , I profess I fully expected to find this letter one of them . I was disappointed at finding it among our own official papers unaltered , and still attributed to Mr. Fox.—I was no less disappointed at not finding something else , which I understood the noble lord to have promised ; but I suppose I must have misunderstood him . I did , however , understand him to say , that when the official correspondence came to be published , we should find that Mr. Fox had rejected with disdain , those exclusive compliments to himself , the object of which is obviously not so much to exalt him , as to vilify all the ministers who had gone before him . I find nothing like it . I wish I did . I retain my opinion as to what ought to have been an English minister 's conduct in this respect . But having said thus much , I am not desirous of pressing this subject farther.—I will come next to the point which the noble lord has treated as the third in succession ; that of our good faith and concert with Russia : because upon this point also I have to express , in the main , great satisfaction ; and I willingly defer as long as I can that upon which I continue to entertain an unfavourable opinion.—I am happy to declare , that so far as the papers enable us to judge , ministers appear to have maintained our good faith towards Russia wholly unimpaired . And so far from undervaluing this merit in the negociation , I am ready and anxious to hold it up as that which is at once most praise-worthy , and most politic ; for which , ministers are entitled to the highest credit , and by which the country obtains the most solid advan- 378 tages , those of character and confidence for the future.—The noble lord will not think this commendation unreasonably qualified by the reserve with which I am obliged to accompany it , —that it is due so far as the papers enable us to judge . I do not blame ministers for not furnishing us with more ample documents upon this