trade is the only way of avoiding , in your own islands , the horrors which have afflicted St. Domingo . Some years since , it was thought that a gradual abolition was the best mode of destroying this trade ; the advocates at that period , of gradual abolition , must now be adopted for a total abolition , for the period has arrived to which they looked forward , namely , when the population of the islands would be able to support itself . Nothing but a total abolition will now satisfy justice . Let us not think that any regulations in the islands can be carried into effect with a view to abolition : on the contrary , abolition must take place with a view to regulations . In the year 1792 , when the proposed abolition of the slave trade was negatived , it was a agreed to address his majesty , praying him to send instructions to the governors of the colonies to procure the adoption of measures for the better protection , and the better treatment of the negroes . What was the consequence ? My lords , I wish not to inflame , and therefore I will simply refer your lordships to the correspondence upon the table relative to that subject , and 661 particularly to that of my lord Seaforth , the governor of Barbadoes ; three most horrible and dreadful murders of slaves were committed in that island , attended with circumstances of barbarity , which I will not shock your lordships by detailing . Lord Seaforth of course instituted an enquiry , upon which it was found that the murder of a slave was only punishable by a fine of eleven pounds . That noble lord , in conformity to the instructions he had received , and with a proper regard for the British character , immediately proposed to the legislature of the island , to enact a law , which affixed the punishment of death to the murder of a slave . How was this proposition received ? it was received , my lords , with insult , and the council and house of assembly returned answers in language fitting , as they conceived , to the insult which had been offered to them . What then is to be expected from regulations to be adopted by the colonial assemblies ? It is but right , however , that I should state , that I have heard it reported that the legislature of Barbadoes has since adopted the course which justice pointed out , and have affixed the proper punishment to the murder of a slave . Still , however , if the evidence of a slave is not to be received against a white , is there not given to the master an opportunity of tyrannizing over his slaves , and inflicting on them dreadful cruelties without the possibility of bringing him to justice ? Let us , my lords , abolish this criminal traffic , and we may look forward to the period when the slaves , become in a great degree natives of the islands , will feel the benefits of the protection extended to them , and the good treatment they experience , and will evince a corresponding attachment to the country from which they receive those benefits . Throughout all history we find that the progress from slavery to liberty has been first by means of personal slaves becoming predial , or attached to the land , and from thence they have ascended to freedom . My lords , I look forward to the period when the negroes in the West-India islands , becoming labourers , rather than slaves , will feel an interest in the welfare and prosperity of the country to whom they are indebted for protection , and of the islands where they experience real comforts , and when they may be called upon to share largely in the defence of those islands with a sure confidence in their loyalty and attachment . My lords , the measure now proposed for 662 the abolition of the slave trade is one to