and C. H. Bouverie , esq . yet that , with regard to a separate petition from one of those parties , the forms had been complied with , and consequently , that the order for taking that petition into consideration would remain on the journals.—On the motion of lord Castlereagh , it was ordered , that the abstract of the army estimates for 1807 , presented by the secretary at war on the 14th inst. , be printed.—On the motion of Mr. Grenville , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house an estimate of the debt of his majesty 's navy , as it stood on the 30th of September , 1806 . The right hon . gent . immediately presented the above-mentioned estimate , and gave notice , that he would make a motion on the subject in the committee of supply , on Friday next . He added , that it was also his intention , on that day , to move for an additional number of seamen to those already voted : 120,000 had been already voted : he meant to propose a vote of an additional 10,000.—On the motion of lord H. Petty , there was ordered to be laid before the house a return of the effective number of volunteers , on the 1st of January , 1805.—Mr . C. Wynne obtained leave to bring in a bill for continuing the act of the 44th of the king , empowering his majesty to accept the extended services of volunteers from the militia of Ireland . This act had hitherto only remained in force from year to year . His object was , to continue it during the war . He then brought up the bill , which was read a first time . Mr. Biddulph 449 obtained leave to withdraw his motion relative to sinecures , & c. with a declaration that he would bring it forward on some future day.—Sir J. Newport brought in a bill for abolishing certain offices in the Customs of Ireland , and for abolishing and regulating certain other offices ; which was read a first time . On moving that it be read a second time , sir J. Newport took occasion to observe , that the recommendations of the commissioners of enquiry ( as far as it depended on the executive government of Ireland ) had either been already carried into effect or would speedily be so . The principal of these recommendations was comprised in the bill before the house ; and two or three others of a minor description , would be submitted to the house in the course of the session.—On the motion of sir J. Newport , the house went into a committee to consider the act of the 46th of his present majesty , commonly called the Grain Intercourse act . He observed , that he had yesterday stated the object he had in view . From the generality of the wording of the act , considerable doubts had been entertained whether it did not extend to a point which was not in the contemplation of those by whom it had been proposed . He meant to the introduction of foreign corn and flour through the circuitous medium of one country to another . He now , therefore , moved for leave to bring in a bill , declaring that certain provisions of the act of last session , which related to the intercourse of every species of grain between Great Britain and Ireland , should extend to grain , the produce of those countries only . In answer to a question from Mr. Bagwell , as to the operation of the act on malt , sir J. Newport declared , that it did not apply at all to malt . By some error , the word malt had crept into the preamble of the bill , but had never been introduced into any of the enactments.—The house having been resumed , the report was received , and leave given to bring in a bill accordingly.—Lord Folkestone presented a petition , praying for an enlargement of the time