Bourne ) , and entirely concurred in the doctrine , laid down by the chair , that a petition from the subject was entitled to the atten–tion of that house , provided it was not couched in offensive language . The language of this petition seemed not to be of that description , for the petitioners humbly submitted that the apprehended proceed–ing would be subversive of the rights of electors . They should not construe too technically the letter of the petition.—The petition was ordered to lie on the table . On the motion of Mr. T. Grenville , the . house went into a committee of supply upon the Navy Estimates for the current year . rose , in pursuance of his motion , to move for a vote of 10,000 seamen , in addition to the 120,000 already granted . In moving a resolution to that effect , he felt it necessary to make some observation in reference to a charge of sup–posed neglect that had come from the other side of the house , upon the ground of the necessity of this additional supply not having been foreseen , when the late grant was made , for that nothing possibly could have occurred since the late de–mand was complied with to justify a sub–sequent demand for an additional vote of seamen . It would be found , however , upon examination , that his conduct had been , in this instance , strictly regular , and was to be justified upon the usual grounds of proceeding ; the accounts ending the 530 30th of Sept. took in the estimates but for three-fourths of the year , and it was not for him to decide competently until furnished with the remaining quarterly account , ending the 31st Dec . In time of war the levies for each succeeding month are re–gulated by the report of the past month 's recruiting , which however in such a crisis is never to be checked beyond a certain limit . It was a great satisfaction to him to state to the committee , that it appeared by this last quarter 's estimates , that the number of British seamen exceeded 126,000 men , and that this considerable increase had taken place within the last five months . It might appear a question , why , if the numbers had exceeded by more than 6000 the ordinary supply , there should now be a further demand for an , additional 10,000 . When gentlemen came to consider the variety of increased expenditure in the department relative to the marines , they might be led to think this difficulty sufficiently obviated . And here he would take occasion freely to state his sentiments upon a subject that had not been as yet , in his opinion , satisfactorily propounded . He alluded to the present mode of submitting to the house the naval supplies , and contended that , according to that mod , it was impossible that the members could be put in possession of all the information that was indispensably ne–cessary to their forming a right judgment upon the estimates required ; the mode of proceeding hitherto adopted seemed to be grounded upon a scale of arithmetical rea–soning , which could not be brought to apply ; at present the allowance for the 120,000 voted was at the rate of 7l . per man ; before the session of 1797 , it was but 4l . per man ; and until the allowance was increased , the naval debt was progressively increasing to a most inconvenient dispro–portion . As he thought that gentlemen should be possessed of the most minute details , he took this opportunity of acquainting the committee that he had in contemplation so to arrange the statement of the naval estimate in future , ( should he have the honour of again submitting the , estimates to any future committee ) as to render them clear and intelligible to every gentleman who might be anxious to ex–amine them minutely ; he was at the same time aware that there were estimates of a nature that made it impossible