the business forward precipitately , but it was desirable to apply a remedy to the existing evils as soon as possible . He would express no opinion of its merits farther , than that there was much in it that he approved , and if there was any thing in respect to which he differed , he would be ready to yield to his hon . friend who had considered the subject with much greater attention . In every discussion the measure would be amended . On the whole , much benefit was to be derived from the plan ; and he hoped , that if not the whole , at least , it would be executed in the principal parts during the present session . wished the bill to be in the hands of the country gentlemen at the assizes , as well as the quarter sessions . It would thus meet a superior consideration . Without meaning to hurry the hon . gent. , he hoped that before the next month it would be ready to be transmitted . said , that before Monday , he meant to present the bill , which he would expedite to the hands of the magistrates by all means in his power . thanked the hon . gent . for so essential an improvement of the poor-laws , an improvement which rendered those laws more nearly applicable to Ireland , where the condition of the poor was such as to requite immediate relief ; though the poor-laws , as they stood at present , had been universally rejected by the gentlemen of Ireland . The houses of industry in Ireland were cheaply and well administered , and had afforded a comfort- 921 able refuge to many . The annual expence in one of those houses which he was particularly acquainted with , was 7l . for each individual , though there were many idiots and lunatics in it . recommended to have a great number of copies of the bill printed , and to have them circulated through the country , with every facility of conveyance that government could give . The bill would be better considered altogether , in the first instance ; it might afterwards be divided ; and if the whole of it should not pass this session , he hoped some parts of it at least would , as many parts of it would be highly beneficial . said he should be pleased if any part of the labour he had bestowed on the subject , should meet the approbation of the house ; but he would not lose sight of any amendment he thought requisite , till he should have effected it.—Leave was given to bring in a bill , and Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Pym , Mr . Brand , Mr. Lee Antoine , and Mr. Horner , were ordered to prepare and bring in the same . moved the order of the day , for taking into further consideration the report from the committee of the whole house , to whom it was referred to consider farther of the Finances of the country . contended that it was erroneous to suppose any violation of faith towards the stockholder in diverting the sinking fund . It was not alone from the quantity of sinking fund brought into the market , but from the proportion of the sinking fund to the debt untouched within the year . The price of stocks was at its highest in 1790 , when the 3 per cents . were at 96 , and at that time there was scarcely any sinking fund ; the price of stocks was therefore not proportioned to the amount of the sinking fund . The quantity of capital to be invested in stock was always the best security for keeping up the price . It was agreed that the accumulation of the sinking fund should stop at some time ; he thought it should stop now . The accumulation of debt would thus be prevented , and the situation of the stockholder not deteriorated . Then the hon . baronet went into a series of calculations