, presenting lord Yarmouth as an authorised person to make to the French minister a verbal answer to such verbal communications as that noble lord was authorized by that minister to convey to this country . Could any fault be found by any candid man , with that mode of proceeding on the score of regu- 299 larity ? Certainly not . But the noble lord opposite inferred that the uti possidetis was not insisted upon by lord Yarmouth , because Sicily alone was mentioned . He called upon the noble lord , however , to examine the dispatch of the 1st of July . There lord Yarmouth states , that in a conversation with M. Talleyrand he mentioned the impossibility of going on any farther upon the outlines of peace `` unless he should return to the former grounds , and consider Sicily in its true sense—unless he came strictly within the meaning of his own words . '' To what then could this refer but to some general proposition before made , and the return of that proposition was easily deducible from this dispatch . The existence indeed of such general proposition appeared clearly from the words of M. Talleyrand , that a change of circumstances was always to be considered as a reason for a change of terms . Further , it was to be observed , that the change then arose out of the opinion which Buonaparte had just adopted , that Sicily could be captured by him with ease . Thus the French government thought proper to recede from their first propositions . In this instance indeed they avowed and attempted to justify the change , and in terms too which pretty intelligibly implied the nature of it . For why insist upon Sicily ? because they thought they could get it into their possession , and the connection of possession , with the avowed change of terms in this instance , led at least to a natural and obvious inference in favour of the argument respecting uti possidetis . But there was no occasion to rest upon inferences . Lord Yarmouth had , in his presence , stated to M. Talleyrand himself , the original propositions of that minute , respecting the uti possidetis , as referred to in his majesty 's declaration , without meeting any thing like a denial . The learned lord opposite would admit , that there was a very material difference between a controversy as to the inferences deducible from a proposition , and the giving a distinct contradiction to the proposition itself . Now , whatever there might have been of the former , Talleyrand never uttered any thing at all approaching to the latter . On the contrary , indeed , lord Yarmouth 's assertion appeared evidently from the language and conduct of M. Talleyrand to ascertain an admitted indisputable fact , as to the original basis of the negociation . But , in order to controvert the statement , that 300 this basis referred to the uti possidetis , the learned lord opposite fixed upon the first communication from France , and finding in that Buonaparte 's speech to his senate , in which he spoke of the basis of the treaty of Amiens , the noble lord insisted that such was the probable basis originally proposed by the French government . Now , it happened that the noble lord was rather some . what confused in his examination . For the negociation was not at all on the tapis at the time this speech was made , and therefore the sentiment quoted from it , had no connection with the case before the house . Indeed , the whole was confounding an amicable correspondence between two individuals , one of whom was sincerely anxious for peace , with the official communications of public ministers.—With respect to the continuance of the negociation after his arrival in Paris , he referred , for the justification of his conduct , to the documents on the table , confident that it would appear from them that he had not unnecessarily or improperly prolonged his stay after he found the