of session , but the contrary , for it was intended as a relief to them . The power to grant augmentations belonged to the members of the court of session only as commissioners . It was not a business that came under their jurisdiction as a court of justice , but properly of a legislative nature . This business had lately much increased , and it was proper that the court should be relieved . He highly complimented the clergy of Scotland , who were distinguished for their piety and good morals . Their emoluments , he said , were very inadequate to their station , and the duties they had to perform . disclaimed any distrust of the court of session , or any disrespect to the clergy of Scotland . It was his pride to be descended from a family , which the clergy of Scotland , who were eminent for their learning , piety , and morals , had always looked up to as their firmest friends . The object of the bill was to relieve the court of session from a press of business of this nature . No less than 149 suits for augmentations had commenced since July last.—After some further conversation , the bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed on this day se'nnight . The house proceeded to ballot for committees , to take into consideration the petitions complaining of undue returns for the boroughs of Saltash and Tregony . Soon after Mr. White appeared at the bar with the reduced lists , which were as follow : Saltash ; G. V. Vernon , W. Kenrick , W. Manning , sir O. Moseley , lord John Thynne , N. Saxon , J. Rutherford , earl of Euston , sir R. Milbank , lord H. Moore , W. Bonham , A. Robarts , hon . T. Knox . Nominees ; J. Leach , J. P. Hill.—Tregony ; H. Howard , T. Steele , hon . B. Bouverie , R. Wilson , hon . E. Phipps , M W. Ridley , earl of Yarmouth , sir J. Pulteney , J . De Ponthieu , G. Mills , J . Lemon , T. Shelley , R. A. Daniells . Nominees ; J. Mitchell , J . Topping . after a few prefatory remarks on the public interest excited towards the conduct 560 of the Barrack Department , by the Third Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , ( an interest in which he strongly participated , ) moved , for the purpose of comparison , that there be laid before the house a return of the Barrack Supplies furnished by Alexander Davison , esq . during the last whole year that he was so employed ; specifying the articles furnished , their quality and price , the barracks to which they were delivered , and their total amount . Also , a similar return of the barrack supplies furnished by the commissary-general of the barrack department during the whole first year of his being so employed . seconded the motion , conceiving it to be highly desireable that the house should be put into complete possession of all possible information on this important subject . He wished to call the attention of the house to a paper relative to the barrack department , laid on the table of the last parliament , which must render it obvious to all those by whom it had been read , that the last administration had taken every possible measure to prevent premature issue of public money in the barrack department . This paper proved that the subject had engrossed the attention of government towards the end of the year 1804 , when an arrangement was made , that could not well have been entered into at an earlier period . That arrangement went to remedy the evils complained of , to bring the whole of the transactions in question , under the immediate superintendance of the commissary-general to abolish the treasurer , to prevent any expences for building or repairs from being incurred without the knowledge of the treasury , and to