of the continent . When I declare that a wise treaty , in which one party can not make peace without the consent of the other , I am not to have extreme cases put for the purpose of shewing that inconveniencies may arise from such a stipulation . My answer to such an argument is short—that extreme cases ought not to be put . Extreme cases can not be included in , nor ought they to be an objection to , a general rule ; they must be met and provided for on their own specific grounds , An extreme case may be put , that Russia might demand , as a condition of peace , that half the old French monarchy should be ceded to her ; in that case , it is not to be supposed that this country would continue the war upon such a ground . Such extreme cases , however , may be put out of the argument , having no connection , in fact , with the broad and general principle on which such treaties are concluded . It is not enough for this country merely to form an alliance with the powers of the continent , who themselves near the enemy , and subject to his immediate inroads , feel all the horrors of war in the heart of their territories , whilst we , free from all fear of participating in their calamities , conceive ourselves at liberty to withdraw from the contest and make peace whenever it suits our convenience . This is not a system which can lead to any practical good . The powers of the continent will not , under such a system , feel that community of interest which is absolutely necessary to effect any thing 264 against the enemy , Let there be a stipulation that one party shall not make peace without the consent of the other , and then there will be that community of interest , and that unity of action which in the present circumstances of Europe are so absolutely necessary to make head against the enemy . Even , however , supposing that the treaty with Russia , to which I have just alluded , had not been wisely concluded ; still the sacred engagement of the sovereign having been given to Russia , his majesty 's ministers were bound to act in compliance with the injunctions of that treaty , and to fulfil its conditions . Thus , therefore , the negociation commenced in compliance with the injunctions of that treaty , and , at the same time , with those views with regard to our other allies , which were dictated by justice and good faith . Amongst those allies were to be classed those to whom we were bound by treaty , and those to whom we were bound by the circumstances which had occurred during the war , and the situations in which they were placed , in consequence of the events of that war . Of the former class of allies were Sweden and Portugal ; and of the latter , Naples and the elector of Hanover ; who , in this case , must be considered as a separate and distinct power . With respect to Sweden and Portugal , nothing more was required than to guarantee to those powers their state of actual possession ; no conquests having been made by them which it was necessary to cede , nor any thing taken from them respecting which it was necessary to enter into discussion . The king of Naples stood in a different situation ; he had unfortunately , like too many other continental states , been deprived , by the power of France , of all his dominions on the continent of Europe . My lords , I have no hesitation in saying , that I would have consented to make sacrifices not merely valuable in finance , in revenue , or in commerce , but even sacrifices of safety and of strength , to procure the restoration to the king of Naples of the kingdom of Naples ; but no sacrifices