of business , and more likely to be accompanied with a full attendance of members . Such a postponement would have suited a subject involving so materially the character and conduct of ministers , and the honour and interest of the country ; and it would have been more becoming than the unnecessary precipitation with which the papers had been forced upon the consideration of parliament . The right hon . gent . who had opened this debate , was not in the immediate councils of his majesty ; but he held a high and responsible situation , and ought , therefore , to be able to assign sufficient grounds for the manner in which he acted . In the last year , the right hon . gent . had brought forward the Army Estimates four times , instead of one , in order to allow time to mature the arrangements which were then under contemplation . He wished to know why the same space might not be now al- 481 lowed for the completion and elucidation of arrangement , and what occasion there was for the present unexplained precipitancy ? There was on the notice book , an intimation from the right hon . gent . at the head of the admiralty , that he meant on Friday to move for 10,000 additional seamen . He did not suppose that he should resist the motion ; but he thought it would have been better to complete the arrangement for the year before any yearly estimates were submitted , rather than to come forward with an imperfect estimate in the first instance , and a supplementary estimate after . He was sorry to see the house called upon by the present proposition to sanction by implication the new military measures , the charges for which were included in the vote without any explanation as to their effect , or their distinct expence . He , for one , thought that system could not possibly be persevered in . It was particularly improper to call on a new parliament at the close of the Christmas holidays , when members were not in full attendance , to approve those measures , without a full explanation of their effect , and a distinct specification of the expence . This precipitancy was the less excusable , as there would have been no difficulty to vote any necessary sum on account , in order to allow time to place the whole subject , in all its branches , fully under the view of the house . The right hon . gent . had made his statement with great candour ; but he had , in his opinion , taken too narrow a view of the subject ; and much of the last part of what the right hon . gent . had said , made him sorry that the custom of building upon establishments had been resorted to . The effective force on foot should be looked to , and then it would be to be considered whether ministers had an army adequate to the expence to which they put the country ; and whether there was any reason to hope for a force sufficient to consume what parliament was called upon to vote . This boasted national saving of 240,000l. , always excepting the new expenditure , was an economy upon establishment alone , and not upon the effective force serving against the enemy . He should be extremely glad to see in his majesty 's ministers any indications of vigour which would justify him in looking forward to the efficient expenditure of a great part of their supplies , which could not possibly be expended in the present state of the army . He was sure the right hon . gent . opposite had too 482 much fairness to arrogate credit for economy upon the comparative establishments , taken at different times , and under different circumstances . Though the right hon . gent . was not in the cabinet , he ought to be able to state fully the grounds of any vote he proposed . The right hon . gent .