can not have been , so mismanaged , as to put France in the right , and this country in the wrong , as to the general result of the negociation , much less as to the general question of the war . There may have been , and I agree with the hon . gent. , in thinking there have been , some considerable errors in the conduct of our government . There may be , and I agree with the hon . gent. , there are assertions in the king 's Declaration , which are not borne out by the papers upon the table : but I can not agree with the hon . gent. , that the effect of these errors or misrepresentations is to prove that an opportunity has been lost of making an advantageous peace ; that the negociation has been prematurely and unnecessarily broken off on the part of this country ; or that with a little more patience and dexterity on our part , we should have found France ready to give such terms as it became his majesty 's ministers to accept . I can not believe that there was , from the beginning , any other intention on the part of the enemy , than to delude and amuse us ; I think the false statements in the Declaration are only so many ill-contrived attempts to conceal or to excuse our having been so amused and deceived ; and so far from conceiving the rupture of the negociation to have been premature , while I agree in thinking the opportunity ill-chosen , I blame only that choice which let so many better opportunities pass by ; which suffered a negociation which it was evident , from the earliest stage , must terminate , as this has terminated , to be protracted , by the artifices of the enemy , to his advantage alone , and to the infinite detriment of this country.—In stating the grounds upon which I have formed these opinions , I can not do better than follow the order which the noble lord ( Howick ) has pursued in his speech . The noble lord did me the honour to begin by a reference to a part of my speech , on the 376 first night of the session ; in respect to the 3 material points upon which , as I then took the liberty of saying , it appeared to me the averments of his majesty 's declaration required explanation and proof . These 3 points were , as the noble lord has correctly stated : 1st , The assertion that the first overture came nom the enemy ; 2dly , That that overture was accompanied by a proposal to treat on the basis of the uti possidetis ; 3dly , The question of our having kept faith and concert with our allies , particularly with Russia , during the whole course of the negociation . The noble lord trusts that I am satisfied upon all these points ; I will tell him how far I am so.—With respect to the first point , that the first overture came from the enemy , I have no hesitation in avowing myself perfectly satisfied . My doubts upon this subject , the noble lord will do me the justice to recollect , were founded upon the two letters , Nos . 2 , and 3 , of the French publication ; the first of which is now shewn to have been interpolated , a trick of which it was impossible to form a suspicion ; and the second to have been written in answer—not to that which it is made to follow immediately in the French publication—but to that other note of M. Talleyrand , inclosing an Extract from Buonaparte 's Speech , which in the French publication is wholly omitted . When I said that the letter about the assassin would be of itself an overture , unless something anterior to it in date could be produced , I said so on the presumption ( which I should never have dreamt of questioning ) that all the