trade , and praying for compensation for the 1033 same . Ordered to lie on the table . Mr Hibbert gave notice , that on the 9th of March , he should move to refer this petition to the consideration of a select committee ( see March 12 . ) —Mr Hibbert then rose , in pursuance of his motion of the . preceding day , on the subject of compensation . No case was more deserving of consideration , than that of the planters who had been induced to settle by grants of land . There were many precedents of similar compensations . He now , therefore , begged leave to ask his majesty 's ministers , whether they were authorized to give the royal assent to this proposition for compensation , which he should in that case bring forward . Lord Howick replied , that his majesty 's ministers were not authorized so to do . This was all which it was his duty to state upon the subject , for it would be highly improper for him to go into the grounds on which the refusal was founded . This alone he would say , that any claims for compensation might be brought forward at some future period , but not at the present . presented a petition from certain electors of Westminster , inhabitants of the parish of St. Martin's-le-Grand , complaining of a breach of privilege , and praying for the interference of the house . The petition was read by the clerk , and stated in substance : `` That the petitioners have learnt with alarm and regret , that on Thursday the 19th of February last , the house had , on the motion of the right hon . R. B. Sheridan , postponed the day for taking into consideration the . petition from J. Paull , esq . complaining of an undue return for the city of Westminister That by that postponement , the petitioners were disfranchised during its continuance , and remained unrepresented in parliament , for one of their representatives , sir S. Hood , was abroad in the execution of his professional duty , and the right hon . R. B. Sheridan , being charged with having procured a colourable majority by means . a bribery and corruption , James Paull , esq . their other . legal representative , was by the proceeding of which they complained , prevented from taking his seat in the house . The petitioners were convinced that the motion of the right hon . R. B. Sheridan , esq . was intended and was calculated not to further , but delay the ends of public justice , for they were certain , and could produce evidence to prove the truth of their 1034 allegation , that , contrary to the standing order of that house , and to all law and decorum , the said right hon . R. B. Sheridan , had , both by himself and by his agents , tampered with the witnesses , and . by bribes and threats endeavoured to induce them to withhold their testimony , the truth of all which the petitioners were prepared to prove at the bar of the house . That such a transaction was contrary to a standing order of the house , which declared it to be a high crime and misdemeanour . The petitioners therefore demanded and insisted that the house should proceed with the utmost severity to the punishment of the offender ; and the petitioners prayed that an , early day might be appointed to prosecute the investigation . of this business , which involved in it not only the rights of the city of Westminster , but the character and privileges of the house of commons . `` — The hon . gent . said , he hoped he should not be considered as personally responsible for the allegations in the petition . It had been put into his hands by some electors of Westminster , and being an elector of Westminster himself , he could not refuse to present it . He moved that the petition