effort to obtain a peace on just and honourable terms to ourselves and our allies : those efforts have unfortunately failed , and we ought therefore to address his majesty to assure him of our support in continuing the arduous contest in which we are engaged , till a peace can be concluded that is likely to secure the honour and interest of the empire , and to be of permanent duration . I think the basis of the negociation ought to have been reduced to writing , as it would have placed the whole in a clear point of view , and have taken it out of the power of the enemy to deny what it really was when it suited their purpose to throw obstacles in the way of its conclusion ; but as far as the substantial points of the negociation go , I certainly highly approve them , and the more I contemplate the subject , the more perfectly convinced I am , that we have no alternative but to continue the war with increased vigour and energy ; and , painful as the reflection may be , I am as decidedly of opinion that the continuance of it , under the present disposition of France , is safer than peace . I am persuaded , if we go on with vigour and energy , we shall succeed at last ; and I am convinced , that if the government do their duty towards the people , the people with alacrity will do their duty towards them , in the fullest confidence of bringing the contest to an honourable and just termination . My lords , after having attended to the able speech which we have just heard from the noble baron , I feel myself called upon to request your lordships indulgence , if I trespass for a short time in noticing some points in the noble lord 's speech ; and , my lords , I must say , that it was with a degree of pain and concern , I heard the noble lord declaring , that he could only give a qualified approbation of the address to his majesty , which is this night submitted for your lordship 's adoption . The noble lord laments , that the declaration of his majesty , stating the causes of the rupture of the negociation with France , should contain an averment , which is not clearly made out by proof in the papers submitted to your lordships ' consideration ; I mean , that the negociation was commenced in consequence of the offer of the uti possidetis on the part of the government of France . But , my lords , I trust I may be allowed to say , that if there be any one point established on the principle of the common understand- 279 ing of mankind , the one in question is , I apprehend , such a point . I am willing to admit , indeed , that in the documents which have been submitted to your lordships , there is not to be found any such specific declaration on the part of the French government ; but still I contend , that the whole negociation was conducted upon this very basis . In the letter addressed by M. Talleyrand to Mr. Fox , in the early stage of the correspondence between the two governments , M. Talleyrand states , that France desires nothing of Great Britain that she already possesses . Now , surely , nothing else could be meant by this avowal , than that nothing was intended to be asked , which was then actually possessed by Great Britain . I would farther ask of the noble lord , what it was that caused a temporary suspension of that negociation ? Was it any demur which arose on the part of the French government upon this point ? No ; but it was a delay occasioned by a matter of form as to the manner in which the negociation was to be conducted , and not from any objection which was started to this understood basis .