alone that the petitioners had had to try the law of the question , but every term since the year 1801 they might have brought it forward , if they had thought proper . The question went to nothing less than tearing to pieces the corporate rights of that borough , and dissolving the corporation . This was a petition that the house would not shew peculiar favour to ; and he hoped they would not let it hang for ever over his head , as he believed the real object of the petitioners was to keep him as long in hot water as possible . It was the death of an old alderman ( his brother ) that occasioned this petition . There were complaints now of what a man , who was alderman , and afterwards mayor of the town , had done in 1801 , 2 , 3 . A great part of the voters that had been made during that time were now sought to be disfranchised . There was however , no objection made to the votes made by that alderman in 1801 , and yet , after so many years , the petitioners wished to disfranchise , on 304 a supposed irregularity , such a number of voters , as would in fact change the corporation itself . After distinguishing this case from the cases of Harwich and East Retford , he hoped the house would not now establish such a precedent for attacking corporate bodies . was not conscious of having said any thing which the hon . gent . was justified in considering as a personal attack on himself . The question was merely a legal question , whether a certain description of persons had or had not the right of voting . If they had , the hon . gent . was secure of his seat ; if they had not , he would of course be removed from his seat . He could not suppose the object of the petition was by any means to harass him , or keep him , as he had expressed it , in hot water . Although it was possible that for the last 5 years , illegal votes might have been received , yet , if the flaw was not discovered until the last election , the petitioners were in sufficient time . again stated , that it was not one term only that they had lain by , but it was five years and one term . He was , therefore , against the motion for discharging the order . considered that the house had hardly sufficient materials to decide on , having only two contradictory statements . He thought , however , that as to this flaw , which had been only discovered the other day , the courts of law would be as slow to lend themselves to the overturning corporate rights as the committees of the house of commons . had no objection to the delay of a fortnight , which was all that was asked for in the first instance , but he could not see why the petitioners suffered all the last term to pass over without moving for a writ of quo warranto . This was all they could do in the course of the next term , and that would be very far from deciding the question . observed , that the delay of a fortnight was all he asked in the first instance , and if , at the end of that period , he could not lay sufficient grounds for postponing it further , the house of course would not consent to put it off longer . considered that it was likely , that postponing it upon the grounds that were stated , would make it necessary that it should be postponed so long , that it could not be determined in the course of the present session . observed , that it would be extremely inconvenient that the house should that night divide upon the question : he therefore proposed the debate should be adjourned until to-morrow . This proposition was accordingly