likely to increase or lessen the black population in the West Indies , and concluded with the inference , that after the proposed abolition , the West-India planters would naturally look to moderate profits , and a progressive increase of the negroes on their estates ; whereas , the thirst of immediate gain , and the opportunity of speedily supplying a deficiency of labourers , was , under 668 the present circumstances , a strong incentive to overwork the negroes , and , consequently , to curtail the population . felt it a painful duty to be obliged to differ from some of his noble friends , particularly on a subject which involved questions of justice and humanity . To the measure itself he had no objection , if it could be accomplished without detriment to the West-India islands ; but this he did not think possible , under existing circumstances . Instead , therefore , of abolition at present , he begged leave to suggest , that the best plan would be to throw certain difficulties in the way of the trade , which may finally , and perhaps at no distant period , operate as a bar to it altogether . For this purpose , he would suggest that a tax be laid on every slave imported into any of the islands , gradually raising this impost , till the merchants should of themselves give up the traffic . With respect to the West Indies themselves , he would recommend the advice of that great man ( Mr. Burke ) , viz . that churches should be built for the negroes in the islands , and that they should be instructed in the morality and doctrine of the Christian religion ; he would also have them united by the ties of matrimony , as the first step towards civilization , and the future improvement of their condition . With these advantages , and the blessing of being protected by our laws , he thought that the time would arrive for emancipating them . said , he was convinced that the immediate abolition of this odious traffic would be attended with no injurious effects to the colonies , to the culture of which the negroes already imported were fully competent , if properly treated . Such treatment , it might be said , it was the obvious interest of the planter to give the negroes , and therefore it might be inferred that they experienced it already , and yet that importation became necessary to keep up the supply . This , however , he was prepared to contradict . It was only from the strongest impulse of self-interest , from the most cogent persuasion of necessity , that men of such habits were likely to adopt the practice of humanity . When unable to procure any more negroes , they would feel the urgency of taking care of those they already had . With regard to the statement of the noble earl ( Westmorland ) , as to the various description of persons who concurred in a wish to produce the abolition of this trade , he thought that formed a forcible argument in favour of the 669 measure before the house . For the concurrence of men of all religions , of all political parties , and even of those who professed no religion , in support of this measure , served to shew that to all who were susceptible of a sentiment of humanity , who were capable of discriminating between the beauty of virtue and the deformity of vice , this traffic was abhorrent . With such an unanimity of sentiment , with such a combination of powers , could that house , without fixing a stain upon its character , without incurring universal odium , hesitate to accede to the motion of his noble friend ? deprecated the measure , which , if passed , would , he was satisfied , have the effect of transferring British capital to other countries , which would not be disposed to abandon such a productive branch of trade . As to the humanity so much contended for