to give such in detail—as , for instance , all those arising from the unforeseen damages , los- 531 ses , and accidents , to which the sea service was so peculiarly liable . Gentlemen must see that in cases of such uncertainty , there could be no room for calculation , even of a general kind , much less of an exact detail of the minute expences . He felt confident in saying , that where it was admissible , the plan in contemplation would be found to be eminently qualified for removing all the many difficulties that had hitherto precluded gentlemen the ne–cessary information , and he spoke with more confidence in its praise , because the labour had not been his own . To give gentlemen a clearer idea of the advantages expected to result from the proposed plan of statement , he should trouble them with an enumeration of the distinct heads under which the different articles of de–tail should be arranged . The first should be a reference to wages to officers ; 2d , seamen ; 3d , marines ; 4th , and 5th , pilo–tage and wages ; 6th , wear and tear , which would be found to be a most im–portant and comprehensive head of expence ; 7th , pensions ; 8th , salaries to the admiralties , & c. ; 9th , workmen in yards , & c. ; 10th , rebuilding ships in merchants ' yards by contract ; 11th , hired armed ships ; 12th , the most difficult branch of all others to detail , purchase of stores to replenish his majesty 's magazines , an article in itself requiring no less a sum than 3,600,000l . ; the 13th head he should entitle bills of exchange ; 14th , incidental expences ; and 15th and last , the victualling board . Under the above 15 heads , it was proposed that every minutia of charge should be fully detailed , each classed under its respective article , so that any gentleman anxious for minute examination , would hay only to turn to the index , that would refer him at the instant to the point upon which he wished for information . As a proof of the necessity of such an arrangement , he would beg leave to mention one instance that of the navy estimates , including charge of 600,000l . for the victualling bills for the army in garrisons abroad . This surely was going beyond the navy department , and consequently introducing much confusion in the public accounts . The last estimate he had to submit to the committee , was six months ' salary due to the commissioners of naval revision . This commission would have expired in December last , but as the gentlemen composing it had applied to him for further time , specifying that it would be of importance , 532 that an abrupt stop to their labours hi–therto should not now defeat the result of them ; to such an application the hon . member said , that he thought it his duty to concede , though at the same time he must say , much as he individually respec–ted the talents and experience of the gen–tlemen composing this commission , still he thought the commission inconvenient in its operation , and not the most infallible in some of its suggestions . While the same person was at the head of the admiralty , and this commission , no such incon–venience was to be dreaded . He could not approve of the report , that considered general establishments of pay , as connec–ted with the pay of all officers whatever , or that recommended increase of pay to the officers in the dock-yards . The right hon . gent . then concluded with moving his first resolution— '' That it is the opinion of this committee that 10,000 additional seamen be raised for the service of the year 1807 , including 2,400 royal marines . '' thought the right hon . gent . certainly satisfactory in the clear and comprehensive view he took of his propo–sed improvement in