have here ; and even we should have been deprived of it , if the noble lord had happened not to be returned to the present parliament.—If it was intended from the beginning to lay the whole weight of this assertion on lord Yarmouth 's single declaration , why was not lord Y. duly apprised of this intention , and directed to reduce that declaration into a written official shape ? The memorandum of the 13th of June is wholly insufficient for this purpose . Why was he not instructed to obtain in writing from M. Talleyrand the proposal which he understood him to have made in conversation ? It is said , '' M. Talleyrand would not have given it in writing ! '' How do you know that ? Lord Y. distinctly says that he was never instructed to attempt to obtain it . 'But it was in the very nature of such a communication , ' says the noble secretary of state ( lord Howick ) , that it should not be reduced into writing : —the attempt to embody such overtures into a distinct official shape ; has a tendency to put an end to that sort of preliminary , unavowed insinuation which has usually preceded formal negociations for peace ; and which if you discredit and bring into disuse , wars must go on interminably ; for how is the disposition to put an end to them to be ascertained ? I confess I see none of the dangers which the noble secretary of state apprehends here : but if they exist , they are of his own creating . It is not the reducing into writing such communications as were made unofficially ; it is not that , but it is the relying upon them , when not so authenticated , in subsequent official papers ; it is the making a whole negociation turn upon an imputed admission of the enemy , which admission , at the time when it was made , you thought it indelicate to reduce into writing ; this it is that has a tendency to discredit and bring into disuse that sort of preliminary overture . Every foreign minister may well be cautious how he commits himself by any verbal communication ; which , while out of pretended delicacy you will not press him to render it precise and formal , you at the same time carefully lay up to be produced against him afterwards , according to your own construction . And after th example of lord Y. , any gentle man may well decline to be the channel of such a communication , at the risque of 385 finding himself , some six months afterwards , committed in the face of the world against the minister from whom he had confidentially received it.—For these reasons , and as much out of delicacy and justice to lord Y . ( for whom I wish to shew more tenderness than has been shewn by his employers , and who , I think , has acquitted himself throughout the whole of this arduous business in a manner to entitle him to the highest respect and consideration ) , I beg leave to put wholly out of my view any other information than that which ministers have thought fit to lay before us in an official shape ; upon which I originally understood the noble lord ( Howick ) to state himself to be prepared to go to trial on this question ; and upon which alone , I repeat , it must , whether he be so prepared or not , be tried , in the opinion of Europe and of posterity . —In this view of the question , I confess I entirely agree with the hon . gent . who spoke last , not only that the uti possidetis was never offered in the sense in which the declaration affirms it ; but further , that we have Mr. Fox 's authority with us , for the sense in which we ( the hon . gent . and myself ) understand it . It is clear that Mr.