of war , and a convoy which sailed under her protection , as soon as the wind would permit . If a more considerable reinforcement was not sent , the hon . gent . must acknowledge , that there might be other services which appeared more pressing . and that in the situation the continent then was , it was extremely desireable to keep a considerable disposable force at home , to take the advantage of any favourable opportunity on the continent . Sir Sa- 74 muel Achmuty 's squadron sailed for Buenos Ayres on the 9th of Oct. which was only a month after it was known the place was in our possession , and if it did not sail sooner , it was merely because it was detained by unfavourable winds . As to the discontent that the hon . gent . states to have been produced by general Craufurd 's appointment , I must only observe that he certainly knows nothing of the nature or the object of the expedition which has been confided to gen. Craufurd . His majesty 's ministers have certainly a right to select those officers whom they may think most proper to execute those particular things that are entrusted to them . But why are we to suppose that this selection of gen. Craufurd has given great offence ? We have never heard , neither does the hon . gent . now allege , that the selection of sir Home Popham ever gave any offence , and yet sir Home Popham has at least as many superiors in the navy , as gen. Craufurd has in the army . He is only the 160th upon the list of captains ; and yet who ever heard that the navy were discontented , because sir Home Popham was employed , while many of his seniors were unemployed ? We are charged with having superseded sir John Stuart , sir Home Popham , and sir David Baird . As to sir John Stuart , it certainly is not fair to say that he was superseded . At first , 7000 men were placed under his command for the defence of Sicily ; afterwards , that number had been increased to an army of 16,000 men , who were commanded by gen. Fox . This was not superseding sir John Stuart , but making his division a part of a much larger army . It can not be said , that we think lightly , or wish to speak lightly of the services performed by sir John Stuart . Nobody holds them in a higher light than I do , nor feels more proudly , as an Englishman , at the glorious event of the battle of Maida ; but if the hon . gent . had had but the patience to wait for a few hours longer , he would probably have heard from my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) a notice of a motion for the purpose of returning thanks to sir John Stuart , and those officers who distinguished themselves in that action . I believe , if he considers a little , he will not suppose that it was merely for the purpose of giving gen. Fox a high command , that the additional army was sent to Sicily . As to sir Home Popham and sir David Baird , I freely confess that I was one of those who advised their recall , and upon the ground that they 75 did without orders , and upon their own judgement and responsibility , undertake the expedition to South America . In prosecution of their scheme , they did not even leave a single ship of the line to protect the Cape of Good Hope . They even obliged a frigate that was sent out to India with money for the payment of the troops there , to desert the destination that it was intended for and go upon this South American expedition . Such conduct as this I consider highly reprehensible , and were it to be overlooked , there would be an end to all discipline and subordination