, the tradesman had no remedy : but the law strictly enforced the payment of the tradesman 's debts ; his little stock was swept away ; his person exposed to the contagion of a jail , in which he was doomed to remain all his days , unless liberated by one of those accidental interpositions of the legislature , annihilating all engagements , and cancelling every contract , to which they had occasionally been driven for the purpose of relieving the capacious prisons of the country from their too numerous inhabitants . He should be sorry if what he had said , should be misconstrued into any reproach of those heirs who might have allowed debts , thus contracted , to remain unsatisfied ; for he knew how easy those sacrifices were considered , which those who considered them as easy were not called upon themselves to make . These heirs had a right to urge the law as their guide , and if reproach rested any where , it was on the legislature , which had so long suffered the evil . With regard to the remedy , it had at first occurred to him , that it would be expedient to place contract creditors precisely in the same situation as special creditors , and to give them precisely the same means of recovery . Some difficulties however appearing , it now seemed to him preferable , simply to declare , that freehold estates should be assets for the payment of simple contract debts . Courts of equity had endeavoured to apply a remedy to the evil of which he complained , and had frequently had the boldness to order what was termed marshalling of assets : but this remedy was inadequate . He was fully aware , that when any person proposed to alter along-established usage , it was incumbent on him to declare the advantages of that usage , as well as the disadvantages , otherwise the legislature mould not be enabled fairly to 563 estimate the necessity of the change . It might be thought that he had not done this . The reason was , that on the closest examination he could not find a single advantage to compensate , or even to alleviate the injustice of the custom which he had described . The law , as it there stood , appeared to him to be pure , unmixed evil . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill to make the freehold estates of persons dying indebted , assets for the payment of simple contract debts . seconded the motion . expressed his perfect approbation of the object which the learned gent . had in view . He hoped , however , that he would not stop here , but that he would employ the great powers of his mind and his extensive knowledge of the law , in applying a remedy for the creditors of the living possessors of estates , as well as of the dead ; he meant by giving additional effect to the writ of elegit.— Leave to bring in the bill was then granted . A ballot took place for a committee to try and determine the merits of the Penrhyn Election petition . The following gentlemen were appointed on the committee : —T . B. Lethbridge , lord Maitland , C. Chaplain , D. Williams , D. Davenport , hon . W. Herbert , sir H. Neale , R. Benyon , W. Orde , G. A. Lee Reck , lord Ebrington , J . A. Wright , J. Lowther ; Nominees , H. Leycester , R. Hurst.—Mr . Howard reported from the Tregony election committee , that the sitting members had been duly elected and returned ; and also that the petitions of Messrs. Nicholls and Miles were not frivolous nor vexatious.—A new writ was ordered for the borough of Plympton , in the room of sir Stephen Lushington , deceased.—On the motion of Mr. Bathurst , the order appointing a committee to search for precedents of cases of members who had been expelled and re-elected , was rescinded , and a new order