why of an event 86 so proudly honourable to the British arms , deprive his majesty of the satisfaction of declaring his sentiments of approbation ? He believed that not a single instance could be found in the annals of our history , of a victory achieved during the interval between one session of parliament and another , and which victory was considered of sufficient importance by government to claim the recorded gratitude of the two houses of parliament , which had not been made a subject of communication from the throne in the speech with which every session was opened . Why all reference to the splendid victory to which he alluded had been avoided in the speech , he was at a loss to conceive ; for he could not suppose that it was the wish of government to keep the king 's countenance at a greater distance from the army than ever.—He was also desirous of knowing how it happened , that in his majesty 's speech not a single word was said of the flourishing state of the finances and revenue of the kingdom ? Were they not flourishing ? . He trusted and believed that there was no ground for any apprehensions on that score ; but assuredly this was the first instance in which the crown had made a demand on the public purse , without taking the opportunity of at least affording to the people a pleasing and consolatory picture of the situation of public affairs . As to Buenos Ayres , his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , understanding that the expedition , of which the result was the capture of that province , had been undertaken without the knowledge of government , had , very properly , confined his animadversions on the omission of any notice of that occurrence in his majesty 's speech , to the omission of any statement of the advantages which the country must derive from such a valuable acquisition.—He supposed that the discussion which related to the commercial intercourse between Great Britain and America had not been brought to a close , otherwise it assuredly would have been mentioned from the throne . When he recollected the bills which were introduced into the house during the last session on this subject , when he considered their nature and principle , when he remembered that they went to the destruction of that on which our naval strength and superiority had been founded , and when he reflected on the character and sentiments of the persons who had been chosen 87 by this country to carry on the negociation with America , he owned that he looked forward . with considerable apprehension to the period when that negociation would terminate , He hoped he might he permitted to hint , that the blockade lately declared was a circumstance to which government should be watchfully attentive in their discussions and connections with neutral powers . It behoved them to take good care to come to some good understanding with those neutral powers , as to the interpretation which they might put on that blockade . This was a subject on which at present he would say no more . There remained an omission in his majesty 's speech yet unnoticed by him . No mentionShad been made of the state of Ireland . He trusted that this silence might be ascribed to the total want of foundation for the alarming rumours that had reached this country . Ministers must unquestionably be the judges how far the usual prerogatives of the crown were sufficient to suppress insurrection or rebellion , in whatever quarter it might appear ; the decision rested with them : he only begged them to consider that the protraction of the necessary day of punishment was not mercy ; and the delay which allowed insurrection to proceed , until it became impossible to quell it without a considerable shedding of blood , was , not kindness . He hoped that the omission of any notice of the situation of the sister island was occasioned by the absence of any necessity for an extraordinay exertion