war because Russia would not allow us to make peace . That however is not said to be the case : and indeed , I think there can be no doubt , that if England deemed the pretensions of her ally unreasonable and extravagant , it would have been competent for her to have used such arguments , and to have had recourse to such means as might induce her to modify her demands . In the case before us , however , lord Lauderdale insists upon all the demands of Russia , with as much perseverance as he does on those of Great Britain . We are to suppose then , that the ministers of this country deemed those demands such as Russia was entitled to expect.—It may then be fair to canvass their justice , and to express our opinion on their propriety . I think , sir , they resolve themselves into two ; Sicily and Dalmatia . I will not trouble the house by a repetition of what I have said on the subject of Sicily . It is for persons better and more accurately informed than I am to determine the point : but as an exchange for Sicily had once been talked of , I might perhaps have hoped that such an exchange could have been found as would have afforded a just equivalent , and with the perfect and unconstrained concurrence of the unfortunate monarch most interested in its fate . Sir , before I say a word upon the subject of Dalmatia , I beg to recall the recollection of the house to one of the speeches of Mr. Fox , charged with those maxims of moral and political wisdom , which fell in such copious abundance from his lips , and which speech will , I am sure , be long recollected by those who heard it ; I mean that delivered on the 21st of June , 1805 * . Wherein he vainly endeavoured to incite the persons who had then the government of the country to avail themselves of the mediation of Russia to effect a peace ; and almost in a spirit of prophecy dwelt upon the evils which might arise from the line of conduct which was unhappily adopted . Mr. Fox 's recommendation was to place yourself in the situation of France at the time you treated with her , and moreover , to let the 366 terms you asked , to use his phrase , be moderate in the extreme . Now , sir , placing ourselves in the situation of France , let us see whether we can deem the demand of Dalmatia moderate . How had Dalmatia been acquired by France ? At the point of the sword . By the treaty of Luneville , Dalmatia was left to Austria . What had happened subsequent to that treaty ? the peace of Amiens had been made and broken . The chief of the French government , on assuming the imperial dignity , had addressed to this country a proposition for peace . He was answered by a letter , signed by lord Mulgrave ; that his majesty could not attend to any proposition of that nature without consulting Russia . For what purpose did it afterwards turn out that Russia was consulted ? for the purpose of obtaining her mediation to pacify the world ? No such thing . But for the purpose of forming a general coalition against France , and again to revive the chimerical project of her subjugation . Into this coalition , framed under evil auspices , ill concerted , without bonds of union , without a due preparation of those means acknowledged by the framers of it to be necessary to its success , Austria was reluctantly dragged . Its formation was kept as secret as a scheme of that magnitude could be . It burst unexpectedly upon France . Its explosion was not to depend upon the conduct of the French emperor . Terms of peace were talked of amongst the coalesced powers , to be proposed to France ; such as they knew it was absolutely