a reverential deference to those long-established habits and institutions which may be reckoned the foundation of national prosperity and happiness . When the negroes in the islands learn that the parliament has pronounced their condition to be unjust and inhuman , and that they are not to be benefited by the bill , it will be sufficient to animate them to a spirit of discontent and a desire of redress , from which a scene of misery and horror may be contemplated , equal in enormity to that which has lately disgraced the character of France . And can it be the policy of Great Britain to encounter all these fearful hazards , from a doubtful chance of benefit to the native African , who is in a situation not to be benefited by your exertions , a situation of hopeless and hereditary slavery ? entered into an exculpation of the planters in the West Indies , from the charge of cruelty to the slaves , and quoted several instances of kindness and humanity on the part of the overseers towards the slaves , and the gratitude of the latter in return . He considered that , in order to promote any thing of civilization and religion among the negroes , it would be necessary to educate them , and to accomplish that , it would necessary to give them more liberty : this however , would be a dangerous experiment , and he was at a loss to say , what would be the best mode to remedy the evil . From his own experience , he was not warranted in supposing that the negro population could be kept up in the colonies . He had not , on his plantation , neglected any means that humanity or prudence could suggest to keep up his stock , to which he had determined , for years back , not to add a single newly purchased slave , and yet he had not been able to succeed . If any means could be devised for so desirable an end , he should be very happy to make the experiment ; but he much feared that none such was likely to offer . Still he was determined , upon the principles of humanity , to support the Abolition , regret- 1049 ting merely that it had so long continued , but deprecating any reproach on the merchants and planters concerned in it . For , of any guilt that attached to this trade they were at most but partners with the parliament which tolerated it , and the country which profited so much from it . These planters , therefore , ought not now , in his opinion , to be dismissed with censure , or without that fair and honourable compensation to which they were entitled . as the great majority on the second reading of the bill had been ascribed by some of the members to a pathetic and persuasive appeal to the passions which had hurried the house into a precipitate vote , remarked , that the abolition bill would have passed many years ago , if oratory alone governed and directed the decisions of the house ; for many members of the house , he said , still must remember the strenuous and noble exertions of two eminent statesmen of the most distinguished and splendid talents , who had displayed the superior power of their capacious minds on this most interesting question . The vigour , the logical precision , the commanding and luminous eloquence of the one , blended and associated with the copious , brilliant , and impressive eloquence of the other , penetrated the most callous and obdurate hearer , and carried conviction to the most prejudiced and interested understanding . No more rivals fur power , or divided on some great political principle , but cordially united like brothers in the sacred cause of justice and humanity , we hay only to lament that they no longer exist , the pride and ornament of the country , to enjoy the glorious triumph of their genies and virtue . I shall now presume to add