myself to declare , that there never was the smallest difference of opinion on the subject in the cabinet . The last letter written by my deceased friend on this subject , is that of the 26th of June . But then he all along cordially approved of all that was done , and in his last letter expresses his strong sense of the cavils of the French government , and directed that our negociator should proceed no farther , except the basis at first agreed upon should be recognized . In the last conversation which I myself had with him , which was on the 7th of September , the Sunday before his death , three great cardinal points were insisted upon by him : 1st , The security of our honour , in which Hanover was materially concerned ; 2d , Russian connection ; 3d , Sicily . And the grounds on which the negociation broke off , were in direct conformity with this opinion . On that occasion he told me , that the ardent wishes of his mind were to consummate , before he died , two great works on which he had set his heart , and these were , the restoration of a solid and honourable peace , and the abolition of the slave trade . [ A loud cry of hear ! hear ! ] I have now , sir , endeavoured to shew front these papers , that the first overture came front France ; next , that the basis agreed upon for conducting the negotiation was that of actual possession ; and lastly , that no terms could be procured that could be accepted , with a view not only to our own honour and interests , but also with a view to the interests of Europe , and the maintenance of the most inviolable good faith , towards our allies . I shall therefore now move , sir , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , to assure his majesty , that we have taken into our most serious consideration the Papers relative to the late Negotiation , communicated , by his majesty 's most gracious order , to this house : —That we acknowledge , with heartfelt gratitude , the benevolent effort made by his majesty , to restore to this country the blessings of peace on terms consistent with the honour of his majesty 's crown , with the general interests of Europe , and with the good faith which his maj. has ever maintained towards his allies : That , whilst we lament the unsuccessful result of an attempt directed to so beneficent an end , we feel the fullest con- 325 viction that this failure can be ascribed only to the injustice and ambition of the French government ; and we beg leave humbly to express to his majesty our firm and constant resolution , to give to his majesty the most effectual support in a contest manifestly continued , on the part of the enemy , with the hope of destroying the power and independence of the British Empire . '' apologized for offering himself to the notice of the house so early in the debate . He trusted he should be acquitted of presumption , in claiming the priority of persons much better able to direct the judgement of the house , by the candour of gentlemen on every side , who would be sensible of the propriety of his offering an elucidation of some circumstances respecting the negociation , and some respecting himself in this early stage of the debate . It was essential that he should rescue himself from some imputations cast upon him , in another place , by a noble lord high in authority , to whom he could not regularly allude . He had seen the expressions he alluded to in a very respectable newspaper early on Saturday . He could not doubt the authenticity of the report , and he wished to set himself right with the house , and to set the house right with respect to the question in the points to