amounted to no less than 14,800,000l . He did not mean to state that his majesty 's late ministers would have come to parliament for that sum , but that they must have asked for that sum according to the former scale , unless certain reductions , of which he was not aware , should have taken place . Thus there would have been , according to the old scale , an additional charge of 640,000l . exclusive of the additional pay and allowances ; but with the additional pay and allowances , of 800,000l . There were only two or three other points upon which he would have to claim the indulgence of that house . The general training he should leave to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) who had formed the plan , and to whose department it belonged . He should , therefore , content himself with stating , that the returns had been made , and that every thing was ready for carrying it into execution , whenever his majesty 's ministers should think fit . The 478 next point was that of the volunteers , and it was matter of satisfaction to him to state , as he was sure it would be to every gentleman in the house to hear , that all the gloomy apprehensions that had been formed , and all the dire predictions that had been put forth of the whole dissolution of that respectable body , in consequence of the reductions made in its expenditure in the last session , had been completely falsified in the event . During the agitation of the public mind , and of the volunteers , which had been produced by misrepresentation and studious irritation , while the subject was under discussion , some symptoms of disinclination to further service might have appeared . But on better consideration , and better understanding , these ill-advised discontents subsided , and the same order , for the service of the country remained , without any material defalcation in point of numbers . By the papers on the table it appeared , that the diminution in the effective strength of the volunteers was very inconsiderable . But he would state the amount of the establishment rather than the effective , as that would afford the fairest means of judging of the extent of the operation of the late regulations . At the present moment , the apprehensions of invasion , that had called forth and stimulated the volunteers , had subsided , and some relaxation of activity may have arisen in consequence ; but there was no doubt that this highly estimable description of the public force would again display its characteristic zeal and spirit , if a renewal of the enemy 's menaces should call for a similar ardour and energy . ( Hear ! hear ! from the opposition bench . ) The hon . gentlemen opposite seemed to triumph in this testimony to the merit of the volunteers , as if it was a sort of inconsistency in his majesty 's present servants . But the present ministers had found fault , not with the volunteers themselves , but with the manner in which the hon . gentlemen opposite had organized them . Certainly the present ministers had never been guilty of uttering any charge so disrespectful , as that so pertinaciously upheld by the hon . gentlemen opposite , that the volunteers would disband themselves , in the event of any reduction of their pay or allowances . He was confident that the volunteers were still actuated by the same steady attachment to the cause of their country , and equally ready to expose their lives for its defence , though their pay was diminished . He thought 479 the proper way of judging this point was , to take the amount of the establishment , which would best shew the numbers that had disbanded themselves , from dissatisfaction with the new arrangement . The whole number that had retired from this cause , was 11,486 . The number that remained on service was 363,400 . The next point was