every other . I shall conclude with moving 'That a committee be appointed to consider of what saving can be made by the reduction of useless Places , Sinecure Offices , Exorbitant Fees , and every other retrenchment that can be made in the expenditure of the public money . ' said , that he had the honour to second the motion . rose and observed , that it gave him the highest satisfaction , that whatever difference of opinion might exist between himself and the hon . gent . as to the words of the motion , yet between him and the hon . gent . and not only that , but between the hon . gent . and all his majesty 's ministers , there was a perfect coincidence of sentiment upon the grounds of the present motion . For if there was any thing upon which it might be expected that all should concur , it was this , that the strictest economy should be preserved in the management of the public money , and that all places , offices , and pensions , should be reduced to the smallest charge , consistent with the proper administration of the affairs of the nation . Therefore any measure which had that object in view came recommended by a strong similarity and union of sentiment amongst his majesty 's ministers , as well as amongst others . But if he had the satisfaction to concur with 707 the hon . gent. , if so far an union of sentiment prevailed , he hoped that there would also be an union of sentiment upon another position , essential to the welfare and stability of government , which was this , that in every country there ought to be rewards for services performed ; that it was not fitting that means should be wanting of granting adequate remuneration for general services , and that such rewards ought to form part of the establishment of all well-regulated governments . The only point , then , to be considered was , how far these rewards existed in the manner they ought , for though places ought to exist for the purpose above-mentioned , yet it was right that they should be limited , and they confined to their proper object , and that they should not be allowed to run to excess , either through abuse or neglect . That such excess did formely exist , especially with regard to sinecure places , a point to which the hon . gent . had particularly adverted , he was perfectly aware . But he begged leave to remind the house , that during a course of 20 years it had been a constant object to reduce and confine such places within their proper limits . Such was the object of the commission of accounts established at the close of the American war , when there was so great and so just a public clamour on this subject , a commission which had in the most able manner discharged the duties entrusted to it . In the administration which succeeded , and concluded the peace of 1783 , an administration of which a near and dear connexion of his ( his father , then lord Shelburne ) formed a part , this object was not lost sight of , and the plan was laid for an inquiry , which was carried into effect some time after . It was not lost sight of during the administration of Mr. Pitt , a committee having been appointed in 1786 , and then another in 1796 , over which the right hon . gent . who now filled the chair ( Mr. Abbot ) had presided with so much credit to himself and so much advantage to the country . Thus it had been the constant study , for a length of time , to reduce the public expenditure with respect to offices , as far as it could be done consistently with the reservation of certain places of reward for the public servants . If the country had been in the situation of one laying down ,