, aggressions where conciliation and gratitude was due , and yet , notwithstanding all their shameful submissions and humiliations , 34 have not the less been overwhelmed and trampled on by the common foe of Europe . To have fallen after a manful and honourable struggle , would have been glorious to Prussia , but her conduct will never be imitated by this country , which , in spirit as well as resources , is fully competent to the contest in which she is engaged . in explanation , begged leave to observe , that not a word had fallen from him in the least disrespectful to lord Morpeth : on the contrary , he had the highest opinion of that noble lord 's merits ; and was fully convinced that in the execution of his mission he had , used every endeavour that , was compatible with the nature of his instructions . just as the question was about to be put , to suggest that a clause or an amendment should be incorporated in the address , for the purpose of expressing how much their lordships condoled with his majesty , in consequence of the loss his majesty 's family had recently sustained on the continent , by the lamented death of that illustrious man , their near relation , the duke of Brunswick . This was a mark of respect , which he thought due to the royal family . said , that the subject to which the noble earl had alluded had already been under his consideration , and he had consulted the Journals in order to be satisfied how he ought to act , and he was convinced that such a proceeding as that suggested would be contrary to the usage of parliament . From his examination it appeared , that there was no instance of an address of condolence being presented to the sovereign on the death of a relative not born in this country , except one to queen Anne , on the decease of her husband , prince George of Denmark ; but that was a particular case . It was of importance that the usual ceremonial of parliament should not be departed from ; for if an address was in the present instance resorted to , the exclusion of others from a similar compliment would appear a sort of disrespect . said he was perfectly satisfied , since he knew that his majesty 's ministers had considered the subject . He was only afraid it might have escaped their attention . The question was then put on the motion for an address , which was carried nemdiss. , and a committee was appointed to prepare and bring in the same . The com- 35 mittee retired pro.formâ , and returned with the address , which , being adopted by the house , was ordered to be presented to his majesty to-morrow , by the lords with white staves.—On the motion of lord Grenville , lord Walsingham was reappointed chairman of the committees of the house.—Lord Grenville gave notice , that on Monday next he would move the thanks of the house to sir John Stuart , and the troops under his command , for the glorious victory obtained by them in Calabria . The Speaker reported , that the house had been at the House of Peers , at the desire of the Lords Commissioners appointed under the great seal , for opening and holding this present parliament ; and that the lord high chancellor , being one of the said commissioners , made a speech to both houses of parliament , of which , to prevent mistakes , he had obtained a copy . He then proceeded to read the speech from the chair , for which we refer to our report of the proceedings of the house of lords ( see p. 15 ) . After the speaker had finished reading the speech , rose . He said , that unfortunately the gloom cast over the meeting of parliament by the continuation of the disturbance of that system , under which Europe had enjoyed the highest tranquillity and happiness