house ought to be perfectly satisfied with what had been already done by ministers , and should be of opinion that they acted wisely and properly in doing no more : though this should be conceded , did it therefore follow that the necessity for discussion was superseded , or that the house ought to rest on the authority of any minister who should take it upon himself to dictate to the house , and say , that enough had been done , and that there was no need of discussion ? He never heard reasoning more completely irregular than that upon which the noble lord seemed disposed to rest his case . It was admitted that the document ought to be on the table , in order to lay the foundation for discussion . The document therefore was necessary to lay the ground of discussion ; but we could not get the paper without first entering upon the discussion ; therefore the discussion was necessary in order to procure the paper , and yet there could be no discussion till the paper was produced . This was a com- 624 plete circle . The magnitude of the measure was a sufficient ground for the production of the paper : and , even if the noble lord could satisfy the house that it was not probable , that upon discussion , any fault could be found with the measures which had been adopted , still that would not be a proper ground for refusing to accede to this motion . But here ministers were so confident , that they would not even allow the house to deliberate upon the case , to point out any errors , or to shew where improvements and useful alterations might be introduced . They would not even allow them to consider whether any such alterations were required . He could not conceive how , for the credit of the measure itself , they could resist discussion . If the measure was a wise one , it would well bear discussion , and it would be advantageous to government , that it should be seen and shewn , for then the government itself would rise in credit and estimation , and the whole measure would be much more complete and satisfactory . But , if there was any other opinion respecting the measure ; if there were doubts as to its wisdom or its policy , then indeed , he could conceive , that there might be objections to the production of this paper , and that the subsequent motion would not be such as would be agreeable to the noble lord . If there was a little consciousness that the measure could not be defended on principle , and that there was a defect in the execution ; if , where there ought to be vigour , there was languor ; if , where there ought to be strength , there was weakness ; then the noble lord might be disposed to oppose the motion . This led him to say that the house might reasonably doubt whether the alleged ground of opposition constituted the real one . If the reason of his opposition was that which he alleged , namely , an unwillingness , so far to countenance any future motion that might be founded on this paper , as to agree to its production , he might say that he would not pledge himself to agree to any subsequent motion , and he might even disavow the implication which his assent might possibly occasion . This would put him exactly in the situation in which he said he desired to be placed . But really it was scarcely possible for him to conceive any rational ground of objection to this motion . There were two objections only which could possibly enter into his imagination . First , it might be desirable for the noble lord to 625 know how far his influence over the members of this house might extend ; how far they would submit their reason and their consciences to the controul and direction of the noble lord and think