their zeal and attachment gave him the greatest satisfaction ; and that they might be assured , nothing on his part should be wanting to the maintenance of the honour and prosperity of the country.—Mr . P. Moore presented a Petition from Mr. Bowyer of the Historic Gallery , Pall-mall , for leave to bring in a bill to enable Mr. Bowyer to draw by a separate lottery , in case the next State Lottery should not contain a sufficient number of tickets for his purpose . The hon . gent . observed that Mr. Bowyer had concluded to draw his lottery , and given it out to the public , that it should certainly take place by the state lottery which was drawn in October last ; but unfortunately for Mr. Bowyer , that lottery containing only 20,000 tickets , he was of course prevented , and which delay , the hon . gent . observed , had been attended with a considerable loss to Mr. Bowyer.—Mr . Grant presented the Third Report of the commissioners of Military Enquiry.—Lord Howick presented the Papers relative to the late Negociation with France . They would be ready , he said , for circulation this evening . It was desirable that as little time as possible should elapse before they were taken into consideration . But as they were very voluminous , it was necessary the members should have full time to peruse them . He did intend that they should be discussed on Wednesday se'n-night . But he did not think it Would be so likely to procure an attendance then as on a subsequent day , and as he wished the attendance might be as full as possible , he would propose that day fortnight , beyond which day the discussion would not be postponed . The papers were then ordered to lie on the table ; ( see p . 92 . ) Mr. Secretary Windham rose in pursuance of his notice on Friday , to move that the thanks of the house should be given to general sir John Stuart , and to the officers and men engaged under him , in the glorious battle of Maida . He did not conceive that any thing more would be necessary to be said , on his part , in order to obtain the unanimous concurrence of the house in his motion . There had been so very general , so very lively , and so very proper a feeling manifested throughout , the country on the subject , that he was 216 convinced , that as no motion of this description had ever been agreed to with more perfect unanimity than this would , so none had ever more completely carried the feelings and approbation of the country with it . The action to which his motion referred was one of the most distinguished exploits that ever appeared in the annals of this or any other country . Every man must be so thoroughly impressed with its character and importance , that it was altogether unnecessary to dwell upon its value . If he ventured to say any thing upon the subject , it was purely from an impulse to give indulgence to his feelings . The character of the exploit itself , and the advantages that flowed from it , must present themselves to the sober reflection of every man ; and , indeed , that house and the country at large had already , by their admiration and gratitude , pronounced upon the value of the glorious achievement . There was not a single one , of the various views in which this exploit could be considered , that did not rank it with the proudest achievements of our ancestors ; that did not raise it to a level even with the memorable days of Cressy , Poitiers , and Agincourt . In mentioning these scenes of British fame and valour , he could not omit to state one peculiar character which belonged to this distinguished service , namely , the accession it produced to our stock of national glory , the most valuable possession of a