proceedings had been instituted in the last parliament , founded on papers that had been laid before the house , preparatory to the impeachment of marquis Wellesley ; which proceedings had fallen to the ground by the dissolution of parliament . The gentleman who had instituted these proceedings , was not at present a member , though he was a petitioner to that house , with confident hopes of being seated in it . The object of his motion was , that the papers relating to the Oude Charge should be reprinted , and be laid on the table of the house as early as possible , as considerable delay had taken place last session on this head . This would be a convenience to all parties . When sufficient time should be allowed for the consideration of the papers , after they should be on the table , if the gentleman who had originally brought the subject before the house , should not be a member , he should certainly bring forward the business himself . He thought it right , however , to state , that he did not mean to push the question to an impeachment . Reserving himself to reply to any objections that should be made to his motion , he moved , `` That the papers laid before the 552 house in the last session of the last parliament numbered 3 , with its six supplements , and also the papers numbered 4 and 5 , be re-printed for the use the house . '' said , that as he now clearly understood that the noble lord moved for the papers , for the purpose of grounding some motion which he intended to bring before the house with all convenient expedition , he could have no objection to the motion . It must be the desire of the house that the noble lord should persevere in the business he had undertaken . He should , however , be glad that the noble lord would give the house some general idea of the line he meant to pursue upon the documents for which he moved , and inform the house whether he meant to bring forward any motion on the Mahratta and Carnatic papers ? thought it hardly fair to expect that he should , in this early stage of his proceeding , be called upon to state precisely the course which he might deem it adviseable to pursue . But yet he was willing to give all the information in his power , wishing it however to be understood , that he would not hold himself bound by what he might now say . His purpose was , as far as his mind was made up , to move a resolution or resolutions , expressive of the opinion of the house as to the conduct of lord Wellesley relative to the nabob of Oude ; but without moving for any impeachment or criminal proceeding . With respect to the other charges against that noble lord , he felt a difficulty in answering the question of the noble secretary of state , because he had devoted much less of his attention to them than to that to which his motion referred . As to the charge which related to the Carnatic , a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) stood pledged to support it , if taken up by any other person ; and the opportunity of redeeming his pledge would , he rather thought , be afforded him . Upon the subject of the Mahratta papers , he was disposed to think that they unfolded some transactions which would form good ground for a charge . But upon this point he had formed no resolution , nor would he at present pledge himself to any other than the Oude charge . thought it would be extremely satisfactory to the house , if the noble lord could answer more decidedly as to the course he meant to pursue , should the papers be granted ; he also wished to 553 know , how soon he proposed to make the motion that was