gent . ; and they wished the present transaction might not be found of a nature to give an opinion different from what had been entertained . When the whole of the evidence should be before the house , he was sure it would not seem too much to ask for the interposition of the house . Mr. Paull asked the house to take his witnesses under its protection till the trial of his petition . Without that it would be vain to expect justice . It was in vain , if tampering with witnesses were allowed , to hope that the house would be fairly constituted , or the people fairly represented . William Drake was then called , and deposed that he had been a lieutenant in the navy ; that he had entered it , to the best of his recollection , in 1785 , and quitted it in 1802 ; that he had married a natural daughter of Mr. Sheridan and had been acquainted with him upwards of 5 years ; that he became acquainted with Mr. Paull after the election , and that this acquaintance had begun in consequence of the manner in which Mr. Sheridan had treated him ; that he had got a great many votes for Mr. S. during the election ; that he at that time saw Mr. S. every day , and that Mr. S. made him several promises ; but that after the election he could not procure access to Mr. S. , whose porter had 1061 grossly insulted him ; that Mr. S. had afterwards sent several people to him with a view to bias him ; that he had been sent for by Mr. Sheridan in February last to the house of Mr. Homan , where he had drank several bottles of wine ; that he had a private conversation with Mr. S. in a room it the house of a Mr. Edwards , where Mr. S. had offered him money to procure for him a letter which Mr. S. had sent to E. Harris , a Jew ; that Mr. S. had offered to provide for him and his father , and told him to keep out of the way , and offered him money , and said that he would settle the matter about the summons ; that he had several communications with Mr. S. on the subject of the letter ; that no one except himself was present at the writing and signing of that letter by Mr. S. ; that he had informed Mr. S. that E. Harris could procure 6 or 8 votes , but would not do it except he signed the letter . The letter had been signed by Mr. Sheridan in his own house , 3 or 4 days after the commencement of the election , but not in presence of any person but the witness . The letter had been signed between 11 and 1 o'clock in the day , but he could not exactly say on what day of the month . He had delivered no other letter , either during or since the election , to E. Harris from Mr. S. , but had delivered one to him previous to the election , which had been signed also by Mr. S. E. Harris had offered him a sum of money to procure a letter for him from sir P. Parker , or sir S. Hood . In the interview he had with Mr. S. at Mr. Edwards 's , Mr. S. told him that he had acted improperly , in having gone out of town during the election , though he had constantly attended , and sent in the names of the voters he brought up every morning . When he asked Mr. S. what he was to do with respect to the summons he had received to attend the committee , Mr. S. desired him to get out of the way , and to leave the rest to him . Mr. S. said , he would provide for him , as they were old friends , by getting him a situation under government , which