calls upon your lordships to abolish the Slave Trade . I have heard some opinions urged to the effect as if justice could contain opposite and contradictory tenets . Justice , my lords , is one , uniform and immutable . Is it to be endured that the profits obtained by robbery are to be urged as an argument for the continuance of robbery ? Justice is still the same , and you are called upon by this measure not only to do justice to the oppressed and injured natives of Africa , but also to your own planters ; to interpose between the planters of your own islands and their otherwise certain ruin and destruction . You are called upon to do justice to your own planters in spite of their prejudices and their fears , and to prevent them by this measure from meeting that destruction which is otherwise certain and inevitable.—Was it , therefore , a trade which was in itself lovely and amiable , 658 instead of being , as it is , wicked , criminal , and detestable , that you were now called upon to abolish , this would be an unanswerable argument for its abolition , that its continuance must produce the ruin of our planters . But , my lords , when it is considered that this trade is the most criminal that any country can be engaged in ; when it is considered how much guilt has been incurred in carrying it on , in tearing the unhappy Africans by thousands and tens of thousands , from their families , their friends , their connections , and their social ties , and dooming them to a life of slavery and misery , and after incurring all this guilt , that the continuance of the criminal traffic must end in the ruin of the planters in your islands , who vainly expect profit from it , surely there can be no doubt that this detestable trade ought at once to be abolished . We have heard , however , statements adduced for the purpose of attempting to prove that the present state of the population of the islands can not be kept up without fresh importations . We are then to be told that that law of nature , which has hitherto been considered as universal , meets with an exception in the West Indies , and that there alone the increase and multiplication of the human species does not take place . Let us therefore examine how far this statement agrees with facts . Some years since I was engaged in calculations respecting the population of the West-India islands , along with a person who to many great and brilliant qualifications , added a complete knowledge of political arithmetic : I mean the late Mr. Pitt . The result of those calculations was , with respect to the island of Jamaica , that from the year 1698 to 1730 , the excess of deaths above the births amounted to 3½per cent . ; from 1730 to 1755 , to 2½ per cent ; from 1755 to 1769 , to 1¾ ; per cent . ; from 1769 to 1780 , to 3–5ths per cent . ; and the average of three years ending , in 1798 or 1800 , it is not material which , gives an excess of deaths of only 1–24th per cent . In this calculation is included the whole population of the island , and of course the fresh importations ; and it is well known , that with respect to the latter , the negroes newly imported die in the harbours before they are landed to the amount of 5 per cent. , and that many more die soon after they are set to work . It is therefore clear that the population of the island is perfectly competent to support itself . It is remarkable also that in Dominica , although 659 a newer island , and although fresh lands are known to be inimical to the increase of population , there is an excess of births above the deaths . The argument , therefore