of adhering to principles of law , he knew nothing that would be more likely to infuse into the public an alienation of mind with regard to the house of commons ; therefore it was desirable that the house of commons should be known and acknowledged as a place where the rights of the subject were always safe . It was equally important that the person in the chair should be considered as the guardian of the weak , and the protector of the poor . The opulent and powerful would attend to their own interests , but upon all questions where the private property of individuals was concerned , whatever their situation might be , it was important and requisite that there should be a man to inspect and , 9 watch over them , who would see that precedents were carefully adhered to , and the true principles of legislation not departed from . He had dwelt the more upon this topic , because he had witnessed the many instances in which Mr. Abbot had applied knowledge and experience to this desirable purpose , whereby he had sustained the character of parliament , and endeared the house of commons to the warmest affections of the people of England . It was , therefore , with singular satisfaction he seconded the motion made by his right hon . friend ; and , as he had just observed , it was not from the ordinary habits of his life and pursuits that the house was warranted in conceiving he would fill the chair with ability and dignity , but from the experience that he had done so already , and consequently would do it again . It was impossible not to know , that , even before he had been raised to the chair , he had given a pleasing anticipation of the patriotic feeling by which he intended to be governed ; that he had rendered services to the country , which must have endeared him to the house ; that he had sat at the head of a committee appointed to investigate and examine into all public offices of the kingdom , with a view to the adoption of a system of economy . For his own part , there was no man who considered with more satisfaction than himself the elevation of that right hon gent . to the situation and rank of first commoner of the empire ; but he should have contemplated it as a public robbery , if he had been placed there before he had had an opportunity of rendering to his country those services he had performed , and of pointing out to his successor the means by which similar honours were to be attained , and shewing him , that , in order to merit such a distinguished preeminence , he must become , like himself , an upright independent member of parliament , the true friend to the constitution of the country , and the faithful guardian of the liberties of the people . It was for those qualities he had been raised to his situation , that his principles might act with fuller effect.—He begged pardon of the house , for having detained them so long ; but it was natural to expatiate upon pleasing theme . He had the satisfaction of knowing that he spoke to those approved of the proposition of his right hon . friend . It was gratifying to him to feel that what was wanting in his expres- 10 sions of admiration and esteem , was more than made up by the universal approbation of the house . This reminded him of another qualification , perhaps the most essential of all , and certainly one that could not be possessed by any person who had not filled the situation of speaker . It was not merely that the house had the experience of past years , but they knew that the right hon . gent . proposed to honour their chair would possess the confidence and attachment of the house , and nothing was of greater importance than that he should possess it .