case the people of that country would cheerfully support their share of the burthen . fancied that he had not made himself perfectly understood by the right hon . gent . His question did not relate to the suspension , or to the execution of the Training act in Scotland . What he asked was , whether or not it was intended to carry it into execution in this country ? observed , that it was at this moment in a course of execution in this country : to what extent , must be subject to the discretion of the executive government , who would , in this case , be guided by circumstances . As far as taking the names , and balloting from the lists , the measure would be put into complete activity . again enquired , whether it was meant to carry the measure into execution in a military sense , or merely to confine it to the obtaining of names and a consequent ballot . Did his majesty 's ministers intend that the Training should take place ? repeated , that the extent 427 of the operation of the act must be regulated by circumstances . That as it was not likely that any material circumstance would occur , it was assuredly the intention of government to carry the measure into as complete execution as it was ever proposed to do . At no time was it likely that it would extend to the whole of the kingdom . The order for committing the Malt Duty bill , which also purported to be a bill for removing doubts respecting the issue of certain Exchequer bills , and for other purposes , having been read , left the woolsack , to call the attention of the house to this bill , which appeared to contain matter foreign to the object of a money bill . His lordship moved that the standing order respecting bills of this description should be read . The standing order was accordingly read by the clerk , declaring , that to insert in money bills , clauses foreign to the objects of those bills , was unparliamentary , and destructive of the constitution of parliament.—The noble and learned lord said it would be wasting the time of their lordships for him to attempt to prove , what must be obvious to the house , that clauses were inserted in this bill , which had no relation to its object as a money bill , and which therefore rendered it obnoxious to the standing order of the house which had just been read . He therefore moved that the bill be rejected , which was ordered accordingly , Sir J. Newport , took the oaths and his seat . The hon . baronet , upon taking his seat , informed the house that having been returned for Waterford and also for St. Mawes , he made his election for the city of Waterford.—A new writ was ordered to be issued , to elect a member for the county of Sussex , in the room of general Lenox , who was called to the upper house , as succeeding to the title and honours of the dukedom of Richmond.—Mr . Dickenson informed the house , that being chosen to serve in Parliament for the borough of Lestwethiel and the county of Somerset , he made his election for the latter place.—Sir J. Newport gave 428 notice that he would , on Monday , move to bring in a bill for correcting an error in an act of the 42d of the king , for regulating controverted elections , as relating to Ireland . The object of this bill would be to supply a defect in the said act , for though the commissioners were sworn to act , they were not empowered to administer an oath to the clerk who attended to take down the evidence ; to empower them to administer this oath , was the object of the bill he hoped to have the honour of submitting to that house.—Mr , Adam moved that the order for the consideration of the petition