in a large room with this company ; when Mr. S. came in . Mr. S. addressed himself principally to Drake , with whom he continued in close conversation , elbow to elbow , for above ten minutes . They were at the opposite side of the room from where witness stood . He did not hear any part of their conversation , nor did he think it was audible to any other person in the room . 1065 There was a confused noise among the persons present , some of whom stood between him and Mr. S. , and prevented that gentleman from addressing him , as he several times attempted . At length , however , Mr. S. did address him , and talked to him about the motion which he meant to propose in the house of commons , for postponing the trial of the election , saying , he knew he had rascals to deal with , and would act accordingly . Witness told Mr. S. at this time , that what was said of the letter in possession of Harris , was unfounded , and that Mr. S. was misinformed , for that he was sure Drake would have nothing to do with a spurious letter . Drake wrote the second letter in the presence of himself and Harris . Witness saw this letter before it was signed , and afterwards , and the words `` treasurer of the navy '' were attached to the signature . All but the signature was in the hand-writing of Drake . Mr. S. , after finding that he was unemployed , promised him ( witness ) an appointment at the interview of the 19th of Feb . He desired him to call at Somerset-Place about two o'clock on the next day . He did so call , conceiving it very improper to make an appointment and not keep it . In this call he was accompanied by Drake . When they entered the room , they found an old woman in black , an old man also in black , and a young man strutting about the room , By-and-by another character appeared ; and soon after Drake called him , saying , `` you are not aware of what suspicious company you are in here : that fellow , who is just come in , is a Bow-street officer . '' Upon this , he and Drake withdrew from the room ; but , on their way out , he was met by a man of the name of Burgess , whom he understood afterwards to be Mr. Sheridan 's solicitor . This man immediately saluted him with great familiarity , and claimed an acquaintance with him . But what struck him was , that the man could not point out any place where he had ever met him , and he could not remember to have ever seen the man before in his life . While Burgess was in conversation with Drake and himself Harris came up and joined them ; and told Drake that Mr. S. meant to take him up on a charge of forgery . Drake was indignant , and he and witness went away , and at the first convenient tavern Drake took out his pencil and sent a very sharp note of reproach to Mr. S. Witness received the Speaker 's warrant to attend the committee on the 24th of Feb. , and received another summons since . He met Mr. Johnstone about 1066 the 12th of Feb. at Mrs. Drake 's , and heard Johnstone complain of Mr. Drake 's misbehaviour towards Mr. Sheridan , and state that Drake was in a carriage with Johnstone the night before . Witness admitted that he had been discharged by Capt . Trollope , under whom be served ; but denied that any crime was imputed to him . His discharge was merely the result of the captain 's . pleasure . The first letter for the use of Harris was written by him ; but the second , which was much stronger in its terms ; was written by Drake himself .