of the law . Should such a necessity unfortunately arise , and should ministers call on the house for an enlargement of the executive power , he could assure them that they should meet with no opposition on his part to any proper measure of vigour which they might think it expedient to propose . Having thus expressed his sentiments on the various subjects which had been agitated , he sat down , declaring that it was not his intention to oppose the motion for reading the report of the address . believed , that in the present state of the house , and in the present state of the information before the house , he should best consult the wishes of the house by adjourning the consideration of many of the points on which the learned gent . had touched in a speech , which , although certainly it was not a very long one , yet comprised an infinite variety 88 of matter . .He should not , indeed , have thought it necessary to rise at all , but for that part of the learned gent . 's observations which were directed at the department of government in which he had the honour to hold a situation , and which therefore might be considered a personal allusion to himself , The learned gent . expressed his wonder , that nothing had been said in the speech from the throne on the state of the finances . Nothing said ! general expressions alone were to be looked for in documents of that sort , and it was distinctly , though generally declared , that `` the great sources of our prosperity and strength were , unimpaired ; '' a declaration calculated to , satisfy every reasonable mind , and which it would soon be his duty in the committee of ways and means to prove , by entering into particular statements , was founded on just grounds . Let it not be supposed that he was unwilling to give all due praise to the solid system of finance , the result of the abilities of a late great financial minister ; he should avail himself of the opportunity to which he had alluded , of doing justice to the merits of that system , and to those of its founder , and he should avail himself of the same opportunity to do justice to the merits of the noble viscount ( lord Sidmouth ) , by whom , on the commencement of the present war , that system had been renovated , and firmly established.— The learned gent . had hoped that there was a good cause for certain transactions apprehended to have taken place in Ireland not having been mentioned in the speech from the throne , There was a good cause , The allusion to them could not have been attended with any useful purpose ; and the house would perhaps agree with him in thinking , that had the learned gent . himself abstained from alluding to them , it would have been at least as well . What object had the learned gent . in his observation on this subject ? For their conduct with regard to Ireland , ministers were responsible . From the faithful discharge of their duty they never would shrink . The learned gent . had noticed several other omissions , as he imagined them , both in the speech and the address . With regard to the omission in the address , of any condolence with his majesty on the death of the duke of Brunswick , after what had been said by his noble friend last night , no one could suppose that that omission originated in any want of proper feeling ; but it was obvious that expressions of condo- 89 lence must be governed by forms and habits of proceeding ; a line must be drawn . If usage precluded the expression of a sentiment , was it thence to be inferred that the sentiment did not exist ? But the omissions on which the learned gent . had dwelt with peculiar emphasis , were the