were any profits to us , in the continuation of the African Slave trade , we should forego them . We were a people more favoured by Heaven than any other nation had been from the commencement of time to the present hour ; but we should beware how we forfeited the protection of Providence , by continual injustice ; for if we did , we should look in vain hereafter 671 for the glories of the Nile or of Trafalgar . took a general view of the subject ; he thought that the evidence upon the table of the house must be sufficient to convince their lordships of the necessity of abolishing this sanguinary traffic . If noble lords were not satisfied with this evidence , he referred them to Holy Writ , he referred them to that great work of our forefathers the Old Testament , and that great Commentator upon that work , whose maxim was , `` Do unto others as you would they should do unto you . '' admitted that the slave trade was a great political evil , and that it was desirable to put an end to it ; but considering that slavery had been permitted under the Jewish dispensation , that there was no express prohibition of it in the Christian ; that it was a condition of mankind which many great and wise men in all ages had sanctioned , he was not prepared to say , that to allow slavery was a crime . Nevertheless , combining slavery and the slave trade , he thought that it was matter of regret the latter had ever existed , and that it was desirable to abolish it . The question was , however , whether it could be abolished by the proposed measure , and whether the consequences would be beneficial to the nations of Africa ? He contended that the Slave Trade in Africa had subsisted before Europeans had entered upon the trade , and he doubted whether their withdrawing from it would put an end to the evil , or tend so much as was argued to the internal peace and improvement of Africa . He denied , however , that our withdrawing from it would abolish the trade ; and if it only shifted hands , the change would be to the disadvantage of the negroes , and of the cause of humanity . said , that the arguments of the learned lord ( Eldon ) respecting the opinions of former statesmen and legislators , lord Somers , Mr. Locke , & c. would , in their application , put a stop to all improvement . But could it be supposed that so great and wise a man as Mr. Locke , after reading the evidence which lay on the table respecting the slave trade , would give it his sanction ? The evil was now exposed , and could not be defended . As well might we be told that the Reformation was unnecessary , as it might be said , could a reverend prelate be more wise than sir T. More , or more learned than Erasmus . It was in vain , therefore , to say that the slave trade was justified by the authority of those whose attention had never been 672 called to its enormity . The , Christian religion had tended to abolish slavery in Europe , and its principle equally led us to abolish the detestable traffick in human beings on the coast of Africa . The noble lord contended , on the authority of Mr. Park , that the demand for slaves tended to perpetuate wars in the interior of Africa , and maintained that if the market were taken away , the horrors which led to its supply would cease . He insisted that if the trade were abolished , the stock of negroes in the West Indies would be kept up by the ordinary means of increase , which could not be the case while the trade continued , and the interest of the planters found its account in a different system . He maintained that it was