had been presented against Mr. Grattan , of which he had not the least notice . In a city like Dublin , where there were upwards of 5000 voters , it was necessary to scrutinize a great many , and therefore it was important that sufficient time should be granted for this purpose . He further observed , that having received the petition in question , he inadvertently presented it before he had received any particular instructions upon it . He had since received a letter from Mr. La Touche , in Which he explained these circumstances . He , therefore , trusted the house would grant a longer time for the consideration of this matter 422 The Speaker reminded the house of the rule being entered into , that no petition should be postponed after a certain day , except under the special circumstances of the case . It was , therefore , for the house to judge whether they would relax that rule upon the present application . expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the explanation of the hon . gent . and Mr. Shaw declared his approbation and consent to the application . —The petition was accordingly postponed until the 12th of March Mr. Hobhouse from the commons brought up the Malt Duty , and the Pension Duty bills , which were read a first time.—The Duke of Norfolk rose to advert to a Petition which had been laid on their lordships ' table , from the claimants to the Barony of Howard de Walden . That petition was upon motion referred to the Committee of Privilege : but it was his wish that the day for taking it into consideration be extended . He therefore now gave notice that he should to-morrow move , that the said petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges , on the 10th of February next . The Malt and Pension Duty bills were read a third time , and passed.—The Speaker informed the House , that as the Horsham Election petition was to be taken into consideration to-morrow , he would come down to the house at halfpast three , and proceed to count the house at a quarter-past four precisely.—Mr . Vansittart brought in a bill for granting to his majesty 10,500,000l . to be raised by Loans or Exchequer bills , which was read a first time.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up the Annual Qualification Indemnity bill , which was read a first time.—Lord Ossulston reported to the house , that his majesty had been waited upon with the Address voted unanimously the 5th instant , and that his majesty was graciously pleased to return the following answer : — '' Gentlemen , `` I thank the House of Commons for their loyal and dutiful Address ; and receive with satisfaction the assurances of their full conviction , that the restoration of Peace has been prevented only by the ambition and injustice of the enemy . I 423 rely with entire confidence on the effectual support of my faithful people in the prosecution of a contest , manifestly continued , on the part of the enemy , with the hope of destroying the power and independence of the British empire . The house having resolved itself into a committee of supply , Mr. Calcraft moved , that the Estimate of the charge of the office of ordnance for Great Britain and Ireland , for the year 1807 , be referred to the said committee . then rose . He said , that , on moving the Ordnance Estimates , he felt much satisfaction , that it would not be necessary for him to detain the committee by observations of any length ; that if , however , there were any topics that required further explanation , or any questions that gentlemen might deem it necessary to propose to him , he should willingly answer such questions , and , if he could , adequately . He had an additional satisfaction in being enabled to inform the committee that there was a considerable reduction in the Estimates he had now to submit to them , compared with those of last