sorry the committee had been put to any inconvenience on his account . '' The substance of what Mr. Vernon offered to the house , was taken down in writing ; and the same being verified by him , upon oath , at the table , it was ordered , That the said Mr. Vernon be excused for his non-attendance on Friday last.—The Solicitor General brought up the bill for making the Freehold Estates of persons , dying in debt , assets for the payment of their simple contract debts , which was read a first time.—Petitions were presented from the Tanners of Cumberland , Oxford , and several other places in England , against the Oak Bark bill , which were referred to the committee on the former Petitions.—Lord Temple moved that the order of the day for the second reading of the Oak Bark bill should be discharged , on the ground that the committee on the various petitions against the measure had not yet reported . The order was then discharged , and fixed for this day fortnight.—Mr . Fremantle presented , an Account of the net produce of all the Permanent and War Taxes in the years and quarters ending 5th of Jan. 1806 , and 5th Jan. 1807.—Sir J. Newport presented the usual annual petitions from the several charitable Institutions in Ireland , which were ordered to lie on the table . The hon . bart . in presenting the petition from the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Seminary at Maynooth , near Dublin , stated , that it was proposed to make a considerable augmentation to the grant to this establishment , in order to provide more adequate accommodation for the education of the students in that seminary , and that this augmentation was recommended to the house on the part of his majesty . The hon . bart . also stated , that it was proposed to make an additional grant to the Dublin 695 Society of 10,000l . which was not to be incorporated into the funds usually granted to that institution , but to be left at the disposal of that society , to enable them to afford encouragement and support to similar institutions in the interior of the country , and particularly a society that had been established at Cork for the same objects . It was then ordered that Estimates of the Expences of the several Charitable Institutions in Ireland , should be laid before the house , after which the hon . baronet presented the several Estimates , which were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Ordered , on the motion of Mr. Johnstone , that there , be laid before the house an account of the Income and Charges of the Consolidated Fund for the years ending the 5th of Jan. 1806 , and 5th Jan. 1807 , distinguishing each quarter . pursuant to notice , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to amend certain parts of the said act . He was willing to yield every tribute of just praise to the act in question , which went in some measure to immortalize its author ; great , however , as were unquestionably its merits , it was yet , like all other things human , not perfect . The object of the proposed bill would be , to remove perhaps its only imperfection . In a late case ( the Maldon petition ) the chairman of the committee had not only a casting voice , but a double one . In mentioning this , it was far from his wish or intention to insinuate the slightest reflection upon the gentlemen who composed that tribunal , but what occasioned a double vote in that committee , might produce the same effect in any other . The unavoidable absence of one of the 15 members might produce a parity of voting , and thus involve the committee in this dilemma ; they must decide upon , the issue before them , or they must not ; if they did not decide , justice slept ; if they did ,