993 an uncommon case , and yet our Philanthropists do not make it the theme of declamation or the object of reform . This is too near and too obvious for them ; their aim is more distant , their scope is larger ; the spirit of modern reform does not act , sir , like the rational principle of self-love so beautifully described by the poet , which first puts the centre in motion , and then extends itself in progressive circles of bene–ficence to the extremities ; the spirit of modern reform attacks at once the connecting chain of the system , and , if the whole do not fall to pieces at its touch , it works inwards till it shakes the centre . I must , for the reasons I have given , vote against the second reading of the bill . replied to the principal arguments which had been urged against the bill . He observed , that ever since he had engaged in this discussion , he had al–ways endeavoured to avoid any expres–sion which might he considered unjustly injurious towards those who opposed him . But it was not to be expected that the friends of the abolition were to overlook the general effect of human passions . Despotic power could not be possessed without much abuse in the exercise of it . All that he imputed to the West-India planters was , that they had yielded to the circumstances under which they existed . The children in the islands were accus–tomed to see an order of beings around them which they were taught to consider as inferior . Thus their prejudices were formed . It was not them , therefore , that he blamed , but those who , though not placed in a situation to be misled on the subject of this traffic , and who had the opportunity of seeing its horrors in their true colours , who possessed the power of putting an end to the evil , and yet had suffered it to exist . He referred to Mr. Parke 's book , to shew the evils which the slave trade created in Africa . It had been contended that Mr. Malthus , in his Essay on Population , had favoured the slave trade ; the fact , however , was not so Indeed , Mr. Malthus had called upon him that day , and expressed his surprise to have learned , that in some publications of the day he was regarded as a favourer of the slave trade ; and stated that he had written an appendix to his work , to remove that impression . It was said , why not put an end to the lottery , and other evils in this country ? He acknowledged that he 994 considered the lottery a very bad mode of raising money , and would concur in any measure for putting an end to it , if there were any prospect of success in the at–tempt ; but he was sorry to see gentlemen reduced to arguments of this sort . They searched out every recess of misery and vice in their own country , they looked around them every where for evils , and hugged them all to their bosoms . With regard to the complaints that had been made of his conduct towards the West-In–dia planters , he had always been as just towards those gentlemen as he could . He had never behaved to them with any harsh–ness , but he could never carry complaisance so far towards them , or any set of men alive , as to compliment away the rights and happiness of millions of human beings . The hon . gent . pronounced an eulogium upon the display of character and talent which the house had that night witnessed on the side of humanity and justice , parti–cularly on the part of the younger mem–bers ; whose lofty and liberal sentiments recommended and enforced by the eleva–tion of their rank , and the purity of their form , must tend to produce the happiest ef–fects upon all classes of the community