the charges that had been brought against him , he felt considerable fears , not from any consciousness of guilt , but from the difficulty which unavoidably arose from his not having been accustomed to parliamentary speaking . But how much greater must his difficulty be , when he reflected that his own character and conduct , and the character and even the very existence of the government under which he acted , was committed in the present charge ? He had only therefore to throw himself upon the indulgence of the house , whilst he repelled the charges to the best of his ability . From the moment of the dissolution of parliament , rumours had been in circulation upon the subject of the interference of government in the county of Southampton . He trusted that he should be able to shew that these rumours had been magnified and exaggerated beyond what the case would warrant . No wonder , therefore , that the public mind should have been affected by such statements . He was confident , however , that he should be able to shew that he had not committed either the government or himself upon this 755 occasion . When the charge was brought forward against him personally , he should have thought he was entitled to the same attention as any other individual who might happen to be accused . He could not account , therefore , for the conduct of those who had signed and brought forward the petition against him . He was satisfied with the explanation that had been given by the hon . gent . who presented it . He had been long known to that hon . gent . and was not sensible of having incurred either his displeasure or animosity . As to the other gentlemen who signed the petition , he had been known to many of them , and was equally ignorant of his having , in any one shape , deserved their hostility . One of the hon . members who had signed the petition , whom he did not then see in his place ( Mr. Dent ) , had within a very few days given him , as a pledge of the continuance of his former feeling towards him , a splendid and hospitable entertainment at his house . If he could trifle either with the subject or with the house , he should say that he had been invited to be fattened and pampered for a public spectacle . However , he might acquit that hon . member of such intention , because he believed he had signed the petition ignorant and unconscious of what it contained , and he begged him , if in the house , to be persuaded that he felt no resentment against him.—This was not the petition that had been sanctioned by the freeholders of the county , but a perfectly new one , that had been framed within a few days . The hon . member to whom he had alluded , had only lent his name to what he conceived a general charge against the government . The rumours that had been circulated respecting the unconstitutional interference of the government had been kept up with such industry , though not founded in fact , and he should add , resting only upon falsehood , that it was no Wonder if they had made some impression upon the public mind . But he was ready to answer for the fact , and he should be ashamed ever to put pen to paper , if he could shrink from a responsibility , for every syllable he had written . It was unnecessary for the hon . baronet to have taken so much pains , respecting the letter he had written , of which however , he had obtained but a copy . It would be for him to state that no charge could be substantiated against any person , on the bare ground of an unauthenticated copy . He did not by any means intend to take 756 that course , though if he were so inclined ,