proselytism may experience.—But let us not depreciate these advantages , since they are all we have to boast of . If among those upon whom the new light has dawned , there should be any in high trust and confidence with their sovereign ; if there be any member of the cabinet who required at this time of day to be convinced , that G. Britain was upon the whole in the right against France ; if there be any one who held it as his creed , that France—poor France—had hitherto been `` more sinned against than sinning , '' and who is by the result of this negociation converted to a belief more favourable to 407 his country ; I am willing to rejoice in his Conversion . But let me hope of such a man , that though his conviction is only of this date , he has the candour to carry back the effect and operation of it to those periods and transactions , in his judgment of which he must now more than suspect he Was mistaken . Those who have arraigned former ministers for want of good faith and of pacific disposition in all preceding negociations , and have given the enemy credit for the qualities which they denied to their country , must now begin to suspect that they were not always well-founded in their suspicions , or scrupulously just in their praise . If they have the candour , if they have the modesty to arrogate to themselves the pretension that their accession to office has totally changed the character of British councils , they will still be puzzled to shew how it should also have operated a change , in a precisely opposite direction , upon those of the enemy ; and if they can not do this , and if their earnest and anxious desire of honourable peace has been baffled and disappointed by the unreasonable ambition , the extravagant pride and passion of the French government—what ground can they have now for doubting that the negociations of former ministers were conducted with the same sincerity , and failed only from the same causes ? —In this view , the faith which has been imbibed by such illustrious converts , is matter of real joy ; it must contribute to the satisfaction of the country , as well as to the unanimity of the cabinet . It is certainly no small satisfaction , that the sincerity of Mr. Pitt in his attempts for peace , questioned as it has so often been by those whom I now see sitting opposite to me , should be vindicated , even according to their own confession , by the result of Mr. Fox 's negociations with France ; and it may be of no small advantage to the state , in the present composition of the government , that the conduct of the negociations of Basle , of Paris , and of Lisle , should at length be fully justified in the eyes of the colleagues of lord Grenville.—And this suggests to me yet another advantage of the same sort , which has not been so much dwelt upon , but which I think scarcely inferior in importance . There is an end , I hope for ever , of the doctrine of being `` agreeable to the enemy . '' France is no respecter of persons . The single rule for the conduct of a British statesman is , attachment to the interests of 408 Great Britain.—I am not aware of any other advantages which we can be supposed to have derived from this negociation . But it is at an end . The course which is now before us , can not be mistaken ; and I trust we shall manfully pursue it . The country has the means , and I am confident it has the spirit and determination , to persevere with firmness in a struggle , from which there is no escape or retreat ; and which can not be concluded , with safety to Great Britain , but in proportion as with that object is united the