was known and licensed by act of parliament under particular restrictions . But it became , as we may collect from our statute-book , a very formidable evil ; so formidable , that laws of great severity were enacted against unlicensed mendicants under the description of vagabonds and sturdy beggars . During the prevalence of the Roman Catholic religion , the monasteries afforded great relief to the evil . After their dissolution , it must have increased with great rapidity , and raged with great violence ; for in the first year of Edward VI . a statute was passed , containing enactments of such atrocious cruelty , that those who have not read it , will hardly believe in its existence . It is thereby enacted , `` that if any person shall be found idle for the space of 3 days , he may be seized upon as a slave , and having been branded in the breast with a red-hot iron , with the letter S , he shall be fed upon bread and water , and compelled to work for the person so seizing him , however vile the work may be , by beating , chaining , or otherwise . Further , that if he absent himself from his said master for the space of 14 days , he shall be branded on the forehead , and adjudged a slave for ever . `` —True it is , this statute was not long suffered to disgrace your book , for it was repealed in the 3d and 4th year of the same king ; but it sufficiently serves to shew how dreadful the state of the lower orders of the community must have been , to induce a legislature to think of such horrible remedies . The laws , however , against beggars and vagrants , were still very severe and cruel . Notwithstanding the very statute I have above recited , and divers others before that time , contained provisions for the relief of the poor , by encouraging the distribution of alms , and at last by compelling the gift of them , it was not until the enactment of that system of laws , during the reign of Elizabeth , on which we now act , that these severities all disappeared . A right hon . gent . over the way , ( Mr. Rose ) who has paid great and commendable attention to this subject , in a very useful pamphlet on the Poor-Laws , has justly ob- 874 served , that every expedient had been tried before recourse was had to the present plan . We ought , therefore , to consider , Before we consent to its destruction , what the probable consequences would be . If you were to say to men , that they had no right to any assistance or support from you under any circumstances , you could not impose any restraint upon them as to their habitations or settlement . You could not condemn them to starve , and therefore you must allow those in need to beg . Are you prepared to encounter that host of sturdy and valiant beggars , who under the cloak of the distresses of those who were compelled to beg in order to preserve life , would extort from you wherewithal to indulge their profligate idleness ? If you should absolutely deny their right to support out of your property , they might have recourse to the original right of occupancy . For each man born has surely a right to occupy a spot of ground , which may have been left unoccupied by those who had come into the world before him ; although he may not possess any right to the ground occupied by another , or to any part of the fruit of his labours . But if all the land be occupied , so that those who are born can settle no where in order to maintain themselves , and you deny their right to assistance , your metaphysical positions may be unquestionable , but you would create a set of dangerous enemies .