bill would not do much towards the abolition of the slave trade without the adoption of adequate regulations in the colonies . It might , perhaps , be proper to enact , that every slave imported into the islands contrary to law , after the time limited for the abolition of the trade , should ipso facto be free , If the local legislatures would not adopt regulations sufficient to carry the abolition into complete effect , we had the means of compelling them , by imposing additional duties , and in other ways . If we could not speak to their hearts we might to their pockets , and by the latter mode produce a greater effect than could possibly be produced by Demosthenian or Ciceronian eloquence . expressed apprehensions that dangers would arise from retaining these expressions in the preamble , and called the attention of the house to the dangerous consequences which resulted in France from the adoption of abstract principles in legislation , which , however true in themselves , were applied in a manner that produced confusion and anarchy in that country . maintained that the words which it was proposed to leave out , were the most essential words in the bill . How was the great object of general abolition to be attained , if it appeared upon 682 the face of our own proceedings that we were only actuated by considerations of expediency , and that in calling upon other powers to abolish the trade , we made no sacrifice ourselves ? This he could illustrate by communications , which he had whilst at Paris , with one of the French ministers on this subject . On his urging to the ministers the abolition of this trade , he was answered , that it could not be expected that the French government , irritated as it had been by the conduct of the negroes in St. Domingo , would readily agree to the abolition of the trade . He replied , that the abolition would have been the only effectual means of preventing the horrors which had occurred in that island . Then the truth came out : he was told by this minister , that England , with her colonies well stocked with negroes , and affording a large produce , might abolish the trade without inconvenience ; but that France , with colonies ill stocked and deficient in produce , could not abolish it without conceding to us the greatest advantages and sustaining a proportionate loss . Thus , then , if we were to declare the ground of our abolishing the trade to be expediency alone , we should be declaring that we were actuated by the very policy imputed to us by the French minister ; and how , in thus being supposed to make no sacrifice ourselves , could we call with any effect upon foreign powers to co-operate in the abolition ? declared himself to be a friend to the abolition , but thought at the same time , that it would be better to leave out the words objected to . said he could not clearly understand the distinctions which had been attempted to be drawn between justice and expediency . He was of opinion , that if the subject was fully considered , those distinctions would be found to center in the same point . It was not a distinction between justice and expediency with respect to abolition and emancipation ; on the contrary , whilst on the one hand it was essentially just that the trade should be abolished , it would on the other be injustice to the slaves in the islands to give them emancipation , because it could only tend to their own injury . He was surprised to hear the noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) condemning the introduction of abstract principles into legislation . What did our Bill of Rights contain but abstract principles ? He was decidedly of opinion that the words ought 683 to be retained . No danger whatever had resulted from similar conduct in several of the provinces in America , where the