united in the strictest bonds of amity and intimate concert with each other . But we have Mr. Fox 's authority for the fact , that `` Russia and England alone are the two powers least calculated to make an impression on France by land ; '' [ p . 99 . ] that it requires the intervention of a third power as a link in the chain , to give strength and efficacy to such a combination . Austria being out of the question , Prussia was the single state that could furnish this point of union and co-operation.—What was obvious to Mr. Fox , was surely not less so to M. Talleyrand , even if he had not had the advantage of learning it from Mr. Fox himself . He saw , therefore , that if Russia and England could be prevented from acquiring any third auxiliary , France was safe from attack by land , and the continent consequently at her mercy . Was it not natural then for France to turn her anxious attention to that power in which alone such an auxiliary could be found ? — 400 But neither was this the only motive of France . Prussia , by her accession to the former confederacy , however late , and however little effective , had manifested a disposition which Buonaparte could not forget , and for which no man who has traced the springs of action by which Buonaparte is moved , can doubt that from the moment of the treaty of Potzdam coming to his knowledge , he secretly vowed to take a signal vengeance.—Here , then , were the united motives of passion and policy , which no human being ever found the means of combining with so much dexterity before , of acting upon them with so tremendous a perseverance—these motives were united to stimulate Buonaparte to the destruction of Prussia—and I can entertain no doubt in my own mind that Prussia was Buonaparte 's first object throughout the whole of the last year ; that all that passed with us ( striking and prominent as we may flatter ourselves our part in the political history of the year has been ) was but secondary and subservient to that principal design . Even the separation of Russia from this country , important as he felt it to be , he felt to be important chiefly as making his attack upon Prussia more sure . In other respects he might safely trust , ( and no doubt he did so , ) to the assurance of the English secretary of state , that from the alliance of Russia and England , alone , there was no danger of an active coalition against France.—If such was his object , let us see with what success it was pursued ? Prussia herself is no ill judge of this success : and her sense of it is unequivocally expressed in that declaration which she published at the commencement of the late unfortunate campaign—and from which I have already had occasion to quote that part which exhibits her feelings of despair at the apparent disunion which was effected in the course of the negociations , between G. Britain and Russia . But in the earlier part of the year , what was , according to the testimony of Prussia , the course pursued by France with respect to her , and to the powers with whom she had been in alliance ? Prussia , at the dissolution of the confederacy by the battle of Austerlitz , or rather by the peace of Presburgh , was compelled to consult her own safety , and to conclude a separate treaty with France . By this treaty France transferred Hanover to Prussia . From good-will to Prussia ? O , no . Prussia accepted the transfer in the first instance , `` under the condition that her possession 401 of Hanover should not be considered as valid till a general peace , and till the consent of the king of Great Britain should be obtained . '' ( See Prussian Declaration . ) For a time Buonaparte appeared