; but we were now called upon to do away what was the justification of that departure . He warmly agreed to giving the country repose from taxation for several years ; but he wished that the noble lord would not look so far into futurity , but content himself with proposing a plan for 4 or 5 years , at the expiration of which period , the house and the country would become better judges of the system which it would be eligible to adopt . requested to know , whether it was intended that the debate should proceed at that hour ? observed , that the debate was last week fixed for that evening . If at a late hour , it should appear that there were some gentlemen yet desirous of giving their opinions , it would be in the judgment of the house to adjourn the further discussion of the question . could see no possible objection to a postponement of the debate . On a measure of such immense consequence he could not think that the noble lord would press the commencement of a discussion at between 8 and 9 o'clock . Many gentlemen , he for one , were anxious to deliver their opinions , and there would be no chance of ending the debate that night . All he wished for , was a postponement until to-morrow ; and he had no doubt that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , who had a motion which stood for to-morrow , would readily agree to put it off . observing that his hon friend was not present , declared that he could not answer for him on that subject , but that he had strong reason to believe , that as he had three times postponed his motion , he would not consent to any further delay . If , however , the hon . gent . oppo- 862 ties would take the chance of the debate on the present question commencing to-morrow , after that motion should be disposed of , he had no objection to its standing over . expressed the same opinion as his noble friend , as the motion of his hon . friend was one of considerable importance ( the Poor laws ) , and would not conveniently admit of further procrastination . at length left it to the discretion of the gentlemen on the other side , whether the report should be discussed now or to-morrow , and the consideration of the report was accordingly postponed . The royal assent was given by commission to the Irish Treasury Bills bill , the Irish Militia Service bill , the Irish Gunpowder Importation bill , the Canada Yarn bill , the Seamen and Soldiers ' Seduction bill , the Annual Indemnity bill , the Controverted Elections Trial Amendment bill , the Cape of Good Hope Trade Regulation bill , the Barrack Commissioners bill , Bowyer 's Lottery bill , and Lord de Dunstanville 's Indemnity bill . The commisioners were the lord chancellor , lords Walsingham and Auckland.—The Newfoundland Fish Importation bill , was read a second time . At four o'clock the house proceeded to ballot for a committee to take into consideration the petition complaining of an undue return for Rochester . Soon after , Mr. White appeared at the bar with the reduced list , which was as follows ; F. C. Cooper , esq . R. Dawson , esq . H. Shelley , esq . sir R. Barclay , bart . S. Stevens , esq . C. Cockrell , esq . E. Bastard , esq . J. Blackburn , esq . J. Brogden , esq . C. Moore . esq . H. Bankes , esq . J. Asdell , esq . C. O'Hara , esq . Nominees , Hon . J. W. Ward , M. A. Taylor , esq.—In consequence of the absence of a professional person , the house could not proceed to a ballot for a committee on the Down Patrick petition ; it therefore necessarily stood over until to-morrow , when it was ordered , on the motion of lord