perfectly well informed of all that was done in parliament , yet the great mass of the people knew very little about the matter . He would venture to say , that great majority of the people did not know at this moment , who was First Lord of the Treasury , or who was the Secretary at War . This was proved to him by his daily receiving letters , upon the supposition that he still held a situation which he had relinquished many years ago . That the progress of the effects of this measure , therefore , were slow , he admitted , and all he thought it necessary to say on that point was , that it was not so slow as he suppose it would be . He considered , that part the operation of the bill had been retarded by the circumstance of the measure taking effect at a time which was intermediate between the payments made at Chelsea . When , upon the next payment , the additional allowances shall be actually received , then it would be made much more generally known to the public than it was at present : they then would see that government was in earnest in what it had promised , and would think much more of what they saw had taken place than they would of a mere act of parliament . The pensioners were dispersed over the country ; and though they might have heard of the intentions respecting them , they might have said , `` What signifies your acts of parliament ? '' 500 But now they now could say , `` Here we have it , '' and this was what would afford inducement to others to enter the service . The right hon . secretary then proceeded to state , that he could now speak much more positively as to the good effects of the measure . It was rather whimsical , however , to hear the noble lord represent , that the experiment had failed , because it had not immediately produced a greater number of men than it professed to raise , when it was recollected that the noble lord had always contended , that the Additional Force act had not failed , although it produced nothing near the number of men that it was calculated as likely to produce . It was calculated , that from the 1st of July , 1804 , to the 1st of October , 1805 , it was to have produced 40 or 50,000 men , besides the 15,000 that was necessary to supply the casualties : for this additional force was to supply all the deficiencies in the army of reserve and militia , the casualties of the army , and yield besides , an increase of 15,000 men to the army ; but instead of doing this , it did not produce more than 15,000 men during the two years of that administration , which was a number not even sufficient to supply the casualties . This , then indeed , was a complete failure , as it proved itself to be utterly inadequate to the object which was proposed . He never , however , contended that it was impossible to raise men under it , for he knew that if they were determined to raise men at any pecuniary expence , and at any expence of the morals of the people , the thing was to be done . If they chose to make the parishes liable to penalties to the amount of 4 or 500,000l . if they did not raise the men , by even giving 50 guineas a man for them , certainly they mast raise some men . If the parish officers could be induced to spend so much money , and to practise all the corruption and arts of common crimps , in addition to the abuse of their own power as church-wardens and overseers of the poor , certainly there must be some men raised . The regular recruiting service was , however , most materially injured by the means taken to carry