only to resist inquiry , but to punish the promoters of that investigation which the gentlemen themselves a few nights since thought so necessary to the great ends of general justice , to the assertion of the rights of the country , to this vindication of the impeached and questioned character of the government , and to the due maintenance of the dignity of the house of commons ? Was it , he asked , treating the country , or the privileges of that house , or their own involved character , with common decency , to meet a grave and solemn charge with such a ludicrous mixture of levity and fear , flying from all the most serious arguments and a statement of the most weighty facts , to the miserable refuge of a joke , or to the as frivolous attempt of justifying criminality by affected recrimination ? When he heard gentlemen say that they did not wish to recriminate ( because for the very best reasons that they could not ) , and yet do so by insinuation , he could not think highly either of their candour or their logic . As to the gentlemen concerned , he was glad to see that it had not been taken up in any personal way by gentlemen on either side . He did not think it at all went to affect the hon . gentleman 's personal character ; he did the best he could to recommend himself to the government under which he acted ; and there was no doubt that he had , in that instance particularly , recommended himself to the noble lord at the head of the treasury ; and he was sure that that noble lord would not in the least degree think the hon . gent . a worse secretary on account of his zeal and activity in that instance . As to the objection of there being but a single fact upon which the motion for going into a committee rested , he thought it a sufficient answer to refer to the allegations in the petition itself , and particularly the form of words , from which it was impos- 780 sible not to infer a generality of charges , as in the terms with which the charge against the honourable gentleman was introduced `` among other instances , '' and also that the same undue influence had been resorted to `` in various departments '' : did these words warrant the strange assertion that the committee was to go into inquiry upon one fact only ? But even of this fact the document was attempted to be questioned . What was this document ? —A letter from the secretary of the treasury to lieutenant-general Hewitt , at the head of the barrack department . It had been said that the hon . secretary was a freeholder , but did it appear that the general was a freeholder ? From the formal manner of the note too , it was evident that if the two gentlemen were at all acquainted , it must have been in the slightest degree ; and yet the object of this letter was to solicit no less an obligation than the general 's influence and support on an ensuing election . He begged the general to use his influence . and with whom ? —not with his tenants ; not with his friends , but with those immediately in his department—with major Davies and others in the barrack department . Would it not , then , be a mockery to contend any longer that such a letter was merely an innocent communication between two innocent freeholders ? But , if the interpretation of this letter was still to be a question , he would have recourse to the usual mode of determining the interpretation in such cases—the manner in which the English was understood by the Englishman to to whom that English was addressed . And how did general Hewitt interpret this ambiguous enigma ? In such a manner as prompted him to act up to its true spirit , by promoting the influence he had