, speak , and act precisely as he would have them . If that was the object of the noble lord , then indeed it must be admitted that this was a favourable opportunity . To those who before sat with him on the opposition side of the house , he might say , `` To you who followed me when we were in opposition , in calling for papers , and were convinced by the arguments which I then used , I will now shew the fertility of my invention , the versatility of my genius , and the abundance which I possess of powerful , cogent , and irresistible arguments . By these means I shall satisfy you , that the course which we before pursued ought now to be abandoned , and that as we have got to another side of the house , we ought to adopt new principles of conduct ; only rely on me , while you trace back your former steps , and believe that though our arguments were good against the former ministers , yet the same arguments are bad when urged against ourselves . '' —There might be another ground of objection more dangerous than the one he had mentioned . He said more dangerous , because in this country when authority was carried to too great a length , it could not be of long continuance . The abuse of authority here was not the way to maintain it , and the attempt to force the opinions of the members of this house , would in the end be fatal to those who acted on such a principle . But what he was particularly apprehensive of was the precedent , which would be one of the most mischievous that could be conceived . It might be said here , that no inconvenience would result from the refusal to produce this paper . It was publicly known , and there was no occasion for producing it in a formal way . But , it the principle was once established , what would follow with respect to papers relative to negotiations for peace , or treaties of any sort ? If there should be treaties where the rights of this country would be abandoned , we could only have surmises about the matter . If we asked for them , we should be told that ministers would oppose their production , because they could not conceive that motions could be founded on them to which they would be disposed to agree . Unless therefore , a case was made out in the first instance , no papers could 626 be produced , though from the nature of the thing , the papers were absolutely necessary to lay the foundation of the case . The circular reasoning would be a constant resource , and the consequence would be , that the house of commons must blindly submit to the judgment of ministers . The noble lord opposite , had said on a former night , that no taunt should drive him from pursuing what he held to be his duty on the side of the house on which he sat , however inconsistent with his conduct on the other side . On the occasion to which he alluded , the Motion for printing the Army Estimates , the noble lord had to contend against a special precedent . In the present instance , he had to contend against universal usage , for there was not single instance before , of a paper of this kind being refused . But it was not with their former principles , but with their present professions that he wished to compare the conduct of the hon . gentlemen opposite . * How would their conduct upon the present occasion correspond with the desire they professed of giving all possible information , and facilitating every investigation with respect to their conduct . The noble lord opposite ( lord II . Petty ) had stated as the rule of his conduct , and that of his colleagues , the principle of the Roman Moralist , who wished to live