this side for reasons , perhaps , similar to those of some of my neighbours ; because we can not get good places at the other side . [ This created a general burst of laughter throughout the house . ] I perfectly concur with my hon . friend who spoke last ( sir James Pulteney ) , that we ought to have an augmented , a well-organised , and well-disciplined army ; that we should allow no relaxation of our efforts to obtain that desirable object ; because I feel that the perils which call for that army are by no means abated ; that although danger is at a distance , it is not at an end . But yet I differ most materially from my hon . friend as to the means of providing the army we require . I differ from him , particularly , as to his opinion respecting the Additional Force act . That act appears to me to have done almost every thing but what it professed to have in view . When it was active , it was mischievous ; when it was inactive only , it was tolerable . After 18 months trial , it was found defective , but then ministers were just going to mend it . This puts me in mind of one of our poets , who was very deformed , and who was in the habit of exclaiming , `` God mend me ! '' and having once uttered it before a country clown— '' mend thee ! '' quoth Hodge , `` it would be easier to make a do–zen new ones , than mend such an ill-formed one as thou art . '' So it may be said of this act . ( A laugh . ) The time they proposed for the amendment , reminds me of the story of a certain priest 's maid , who , when found fault with for having omitted to do any thing , her constant reply was , `` I was just going to do it . '' The priest , to try how far she would carry her excuses , asked her , why she had not washed his books and pa–pers ? `` Lord , sir , '' replied she , `` I was just going to do it . '' ( A loud laugh . ) In this they ( the late ministers ) seemed to have resembled duke Wharton 's puppies , who never opened their eyes till they were in the act of drowning . The Parish bill was to aid the ordinary recruiting ; but in this it followed the French example , and 538 began by cutting off the resources of its new ally ; whereas the plan of the right hon . secretary is calculated to produce a good regular income , without racking the tenantry . It appears from the statement of the noble lord ( Howick ) , that since it has be–gun to operate , it has produced more men , for a similar period , than the Parish bill and ordinary recruiting put together , even without including the enlistments at head quarters , and the desertions considerably diminished ; and here I must say , that the right hon . secretary has not treated his measure so well as the measure has treated him , by having lost so much time in carrying it into effect . I will not follow the no–ble lord ( Castlereagh ) in his infinite series of diverging calculation , which , rapidly ac–cumulating in its progress , was to over–whelm the country with the expence of providing for its brave and worn-out defen–ders . A calculation that would deprive the veteran of a chance of spending , in calm repose , the evening of that day he had de–dicated to the service of his country , and bring `` his grey hairs with sorrow to the grave . '' A calculation which stooped to visit the truckle-bed of infirmity , in Chelsea and Kilmainham hospitals . A calculation which wanted nothing but just data to stand upon