that , having determined to make no peace but one of a very different character from that with which the hon . gent . would have been satisfied , his honourable friends should have been eight months in making the discovery , that a peace of a higher character was not to be obtained.—With respect to the address itself , I should be very loth indeed upon any slight ground to break in upon that unanimity which is so desirable in a vote which is to assure his majesty of the support of his people ; and which may be considered as addressed , in a certain degree , to the enemy and to Europe . My only difficulty arises from those general expressions of lamentation at the issue of the negociation , in which I can not concur , without at least explaining and qualifying my concurrence . Regret or satisfaction at any event depends , in a great degree , upon comparison . We compare what we have missed , with what remains to us instead of 410 it ; and it is thus , in certain cases , very possible to rejoice at having missed what was positively a good , or to regret what would have been a positive evil . —Thus , war is undoubtedly per se a great calamity , and peace an inestimable blessing ; but war may yet be felt to be preferable to an inglorious and insecure peace . On the other hand , an inglorious and insecure peace is to be deprecated as an evil ; yet it is possible that a war may be so conducted as to render even such a peace an object of desire.—Ministers have so contrived as to make this a question of no small doubt and perplexity . They make the choice between peace and war difficult , or , perhaps , almost indifferent . When I peruse their negociations , and see to what sort of a peace alone they could have led ; with what chance of security , with what hope of permanence ; I am inclined to congratulate myself on the escape from such a peace to a continuance of the war : but on the other hand , when I observe what sort of a war the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) carries on , I can scarce refrain from casting back a wishful look at the negociation.—If the war were conducted with that ability which we had a right to expect from the character which the present administration gave of themselves , or suffered to be given of them by those nearest in their confidence , and from the unsparing censure and contempt which they lavished on the exertions of their predecessors in office ; if it were conducted with that vigour which the country has a right to demand at their hands , trusting them as it does , with all its means , and seconding them with all its zeal and exertion ; if any blow had been struck against the enemy in the course of the year , during which these ministers have wielded the whole strength of the empire ; if every effort had been made , or even every disposition manifested , to give heart and hope to the nations of the continent , —so that out of such a war might arise the promise of an honourable , a secure , and a permanent peace ; unquestionably , in that situation of things the rupture of the late negociation would be matter of unqualified joy , and I could not bring myself to concur in lamenting it.—But if the war that is to come , is to be the counterpart of that which we have hitherto witnessed since the accession of the present administration ; if the events and exertions of the last ten months are to be taken as the sample and the measure 411 of our activity and achievements ; if , while the enemy insultingly tell us at every step of the negociation , beaucoup se prépare ; '' and telling us so , uniformly