and a addressed their lordships as counsel for the planters , & . of the island of Jamaica . He concluded by requesting the permission of the house to examine the earl of Balcarras . asked what facts the counsel expected lord Balcarras to prove ? observed , that from the long period his lordship had been governor of the island of Jamaica , he would be able to point out the consequence of the abolition of the West-India colonies . remarked , that it was irregular to examine witnesses at their lordships ' bar , who had no facts to state , but were merely called to explain their views and opinions . Facts might he sworn to , but prophecies could not . That kind of evidence was not fit for their lordships to hear , nor for others to give . He moved , that the next counsel be called in . did not oppose the motion , but he observed , that since the evidence was last heard on this subject by their lordships , alterations had occurred in the state of the West Indies , which might render it necessary to hear further evidence . There were three principal points of which his royal highness thought it necessary to remind their lordships : 1st , The evacuation of the island of St. Domingo by the British troops , which left it to be considered what effect the state of that island might have on Jamaica . 2dly , the possession of the island of Trinidad , which was , as to cultivation , almost in a virgin state . 618 3dly , the catastrophe which had befallen the island of Dominico . How were the lives which had been lost there to be supplied ? observed , that , according to the speech of the learned counsel , theorists were those that had stated facts as they were , and then the learned counsel proposed to call men of experience to prophesy to the house the effect which this measure would produce in future . declared , that after the ample evidence which had been produced , particularly in the examinations before the privy council , and the discussions which had already taken place on this subject , he much doubted whether all the evidence which counsel could produce , would be sufficient to invalidate the proofs of the cruelty of this trade . The persons who then gave evidence , were men of high distinction , and unquestionable veracity . He deprecated any delay , which might prove fatal . Every moment was precious ; numbers of poor Africans were now perishing in the holds of slave ships , and suffering incredible hardships in the seasoning , which would be increased if this measure were unnecessarily delayed.—The motion was then put and carried . After Mr. Scarlet had been heard , moved , `` that an humble address be presented to his majesty , that there might be laid on the table of the house copies of the correspondence between the then secretary of state and the government of Trinidad , in 1799 , respecting grants of lands to be made to any persons settled in that island . '' said , he should not object to this motion , but believed that no such permission would be found to have been granted to the government of Trinidad ; as it was in the contemplation of government , at that period , that if the island should remain alter peace to this country , no encouragement should be given to any new and large importation of negroes into that settlement , and that no steps should be taken with respect to that island , which should obstruct any ulterior measures respecting the abolition of the slave trade.—He then moved , that the order for the second reading of the bill be discharged , and that the bill be read a second time to-morrow , clearly wishing it to be understood , that the debate on the main question would then come on.—Agreed to . chairman of the committee appointed to try the merits of