deliberate , and to determine , whether all that had passed in the conduct of the state had been without error , or whether some reflections on what had been done , might not have a favourable influence on what was still to do . Assuredly it was in the power of any man , who had turned his attention more particularly to public affairs , even of such an humble individual as himself , to throw out suggestions to government without the slightest intention of thwarting it , or without the most remote feeling to the members of which it was composed . For many of those members he professed to entertain the highest consideration . Were it possible that it should enter into the imagination of any man , at such a crisis as the present , to set himself to a perverse opposition to government , he must be thought not only insensible to public affairs as they then stood , but to all that had passed under a late administration ; the history of the 15 last years of which , sufficiently shewed that was not the course of opposition that ought to be pursued , or that was likely to produce beneficial effects ; he alluded to the conduct during the last war , of the gentlemen who then sat on the bench which he and his friends now occupied . Both the hon . proposer and the hon . seconder of the address ( and here he begged leave to remark the distinguished performance at the present time , and the flattering promise for the future , which their speeches afforded ) dwelt on the necessity of unanimity . Unquestionably the situation of the country was calculated to produce unanimity . But of unanimity there were different degrees . There was a description of unanimity which blinded every man 's judgment to every thing that was wrong , and thus made him the passive instrument of any ministry . But there was another and a superior species , the professor of which , while he insisted on his right to investigate measures , 46 and consider results , would yet give his cordial support to the government , in spite of the errors to which he would not allow himself to be wilfully blind . If at any time this latter course of proceeding was justifiable , when the judgment of every man who possessed any judgment ought to be exercised , it was the present . The situation of the country divided itself into two considerations , our relative situation to the world , and our internal situation . With regard to the former it was impossible that any thing more just or more eloquent could be said upon it , than what had been said by the hon . mover of the address . With regard to the latter , it afforded matter for deep meditation . A new parliament had been assembled , and they were now for the first time about to review the transactions of an administration , composed of men of great talents , who entered upon office not ten months ago , with this particular and distinct declaration , that all those who had preceded them had been in the wrong ; that they had `` clubbed the battalion ; '' that every thing required correction and amendment ; that nothing was in its place ; that our resources were exhausted , our credit destroyed , our faith violated , and that we were unable to maintain our own rank among the nations of Europe , much less to assist others in regaining that which belonged to them . What followed ? At the end of ten months , these very gentlemen say that the resources of the country remain unimpaired . Those who but ten months ago , exclaimed that they were in a state of the utmost dilapidation , now tell us—not that they have been retrieved , not that they have been re-established , —but that they remain unimpaired . That is , that they never have been impaired . It was certainly very