in the letter of M. Talleyrand , of the 5th of March , is there no mention of this basis , but in the whole of the respective communications from the 20th of March to the 13th of June , not a syllable , word , or sentence , of such an import or meaning , is to be found . Is it not rather remarkable , that in the progress of a correspondence , avowed , by the Declaration of his majesty , to have originated and continued upon the basis of the uti possidetis , now that the negociation has failed , his majesty 's ministers are unable to bring forward , for the satisfaction of this house and the country at large , no better evidence of the recognition of that principle , by the government of France , than the few scanty undefined words of the French minister ? and indeed , my lords , it has produced in my mind no small degree of astonishment , to find in the answer of Mr. Fox , to the communication of M. Talleyrand , where this disinclination of France to demand any of the possessions of England is stated , no one observation or reference to the principle of actual possession ; although that answer was intended to amplify and elucidate the important nature of the basis proposed , together with the probable commercial advantage of France , and the consequent respect of her naval flag . With respect to the conferences of the earl of Yarmouth with the French minister , how does the history disclose itself ? On the 2d of June , a letter was dispatched from the French minister to Mr. Fox , for the purpose of explaining the nature of the conferences with the earl of Yarmouth , and the object of that lord 's departure for this country . This letter arrived in London the 4th of June , the same day on which that noble lord reached town ; yet , in this communication , there is not an admission 292 of the principle of the uti possidetis ; and though the earl of Yarmouth had a conference with Mr. Fox , about the time of its arrival , yet , in the answer of Mr. Fox , of the 14th of June , there is preserved an equally unaccountable silence upon the actual principle of the uti possidetis . It has been reported as a reason that the direct basis of actual possession was not specifically stated , that it arose from the peculiar circumstances of the German dominions of his majesty . Why the situation of those dominions should operate against a clear , decided , and unambiguous expression of the basis upon which the contracting parties had respectively agreed to treat , I am at a loss to comprehend . But I must again repeat , that in the history of diplomacy I never either read or heard of such a basis of negociation as that which his majesty 's ministers have , in the present case , selected for the ground of their justification . There are a few other points upon which I beg leave to trouble your lordships ; one is the last letter said , in the French account of the negociation , to have been sent by M. Talleyrand to lord Lauderdale . I shall be glad to hear from the noble lord that no such letter was ever received , or that no minister of a hostile power would dare to send to the plenipotentiary of Great Britain , a communication replete with the most base and injurious calumnies ; calumnies which tended to exhibit that noble lord in the most savage form , and which , I am fully persuaded , were to him unfoundedly and improperly addressed . Another instance of the same inveterate malice and unprincipled audacity was the contradiction of one of the French plenipotentiaries , to the report the earl of Yarmouth had made of his conferences with the French minister , on the basis of the negociation , and , which reports were denominated Political