naturally arising out of the unjust and unchristian system , which has been acted upon in the colonies . Worked all day upon the estates of their owners , the negroes have been forced to consign every other moment of their unhappy existence , to the cultivation of their own little spots of land , and even on the Sabbath , shame to say ! a market was held for the specific purpose of enabling the slave to purchase his Sunday dinner . The number of clergymen has also been too few , compared with the great population of the blacks . In the island of Jamaica , where there are from 2 to 300,000 negroes , there are only 20 clergymen , whose time is in a great degree taken up in the performance of their numerous duties to the Whites . There is another beneficial consequence which will follow from the accomplishment of the present bill ; namely , the great increase of population , which the good treatment of the negroes will produce , independent of the 693 cessation of those evil effects which the present indulgence in promiscuous intercourse between the sexes must of necessity occasion . The only true method of obviating the mischief is , to impress upon the moral and religious consideration of the negroes , the danger of a continuance in such irregularities , to their health and constitutions , and , therefore , the immediate and absolute necessity of submitting to this kind of self-denial . It was said by Mr. Pitt , that the Slave Trade with Africa was the greatest practical evil ; I can safely say , that the abolition of that execrable traffic is the greatest practical good that can be effected . A good which will immortalize the British senate , and which will display , to an admiring world , the striking contrast between this country , the great stay and hope of the civilized world , and the conduct of that arch enemy of human happiness , who , whilst we are relaxing the oppressive bondage of the unfortunate African , and communicating freedom to a fourth of the world , is pursuing his race of terror and desolation , and subjugating the continent of Europe , in violation of every principle of justice , and in contempt of every maxim of a generous policy . took this last opportunity to enter his protest against the adoption of the measure , the consequences of which he was persuaded , would prove fatal to the best interests of this country . As soon as France made peace with this country ( and she would hasten a pacification in consequence of this measure ) , her first object would be to get compleat possession of the Slave Trade , and if she succeeded in that object , it would soon appear that she had got possession of an engine that would work the downfall of the naval superiority of this country . Such was his conviction , and he uttered it now for the last time . His Lordship then withdrew immediately from the house.—The different clauses were then agreed to , and the bill was ordered to be engrossed , and read a third time to-morrow . reported from the committee appointed to determine the merits of the Plymouth Election Petition , that sir C. M. Pole and Thomas Tyrwhit , esq . had been duly elected ; and 694 that the petitions against their return were not frivolous nor vexations.—Mr . Vernon appeared in his place , pursuant to order of the house , and stated in excuse of his absence from the Saltash Election committee on Friday , `` that when the house , on Thursday last , had given power to the said committee to adjourn till this day , on account of the necessary absence of one of their members , he had by mistake conceived that the committee had actually been adjourned till this day ; but being informed of his mistake , he had attended the said committee on Saturday and this day ; and that he was extremely