the subject of the noble lord 's animadversion ; and the noble lord must have been aware of that , although it seemed so much this night to have escaped his recollection . And this was certainly rather strange , for , considering the practice of that learned profession , of which the noble lord formed such a distinguished member , it was really extraordinary that when the best evidence that the case required , was within his reach , he should have taken up the very worst . The noble lord took for his basis , and argued upon the words of gen. Clarke and M. Talleyrand , to which no man could expect that house or any candid assembly to attach confidence in a business of this nature , and particularly under the circumstances in which those words were written , instead of resorting to that evidence to which a desire of attaining the truth would naturally direct ; namely , the evidence of the very person ( lord Yarmouth ) to whom the proposition of the uti possidetis was made by the French minister , and who was specially dispatched by that minister to bear that proposition to this country . To that noble lord the verbal message which distinctly contained this proposition was committed by the French government , and by him it was communicated to his majesty 's ministers . It was not therefore to any words of gen. Clarke or M. Talleyrand , when they found it convenient to change the original ground of the negociation , nor even to the papers before the house , but to the testimony of lord Yarmouth that house was to look for a justification of that paper , the correctness of which the noble lord on the other side thought fit to question . If lord Yarmouth had been dead , if he were not at present forthcoming , if he had not actually spoken , why , in such case , the doubts of the noble lord might have been excusable and his ar- 295 guments plausible . But lord Yarmouth had fully testified to the fact stated in his majesty 's declaration . That noble lord 's written evidence was before the house , and his vivâ voce evidence was before the country ( see p. 249 ) . Was not that sufficient to satisfy the noble lord ? If any man asserted that the proofs furnished by the documents on the table were nugatory , as to the establishment of the point respecting the uti possidetis , if it were argued that lord Yarmouth 's notes were inadequate , and that further proof was demanded , then he would refer to the words of lord Yarmouth so recently delivered , as the best possible proof that could be looked for by any reasonable man , as amply sufficient to supply any omission that might appear in the papers before the house , and as forming the most complete justification of those concerned in drawing up that passage in the Declaration , to which the noble lord opposite had thought proper to object.—From this point the noble lord proceeded to the consideration of another , upon which he was induced to rise : he meant as to the slur which had been cast by the noble lord opposite , upon the conduct of the negociation . Upon this , he had no hesitation in asserting that the negociation was commenced under the direction of a statesman of the most eminent ability ; of one who was particularly conversant with this department of political knowledge ; of one who was , beyond any comparison , the ablest diplomatist he had ever known ; certainly by far the ablest he had ever seen . Yet the noble lord , opposite , had been pleased to find fault with his mode of proceeding . But that Mr. Fox completely Understood the general practice of diplomacy ; that his plan of negociation was precedented and wise , and that the noble lord opposite , mistated that practice , he was fully prepared to maintain . The doctrine laid down