force against this country ; in that year , on the 29th Nivose , year six , that is , in Christian language , on the 19th day of January , 1798 , a decree was passed by the French government , making all vessels that should be freighted in the whole or in part with English commodities , good prizes . A vessel proceeding from Copenhagen to Tranquebar , or from Lisbon to the Brazils , which had but a single bale of English goods on board , was to be confiscated , if captured by French cruizers . The house would perceive that the former decree was much more atrocious than the late one . In order to shew what had been the feeling of the neutral nations on the subject of that decree , he need only refer to the speech of the president of the United States on opening the session of congress , on the 8th of December , 1798 , in which he declared , that `` as the decree of the 19th of the preceding January was still in force , in consequence of the failure of an attempt to procure its repeal , he considered it as an unequivocal act of war , and a breach of the independence and sovereignty of neutral nations , which was only to be met by a determined resistance . '' As the chief magistrate of America had expressed so strong a sense of the aggression in that instance , there was no ground to suppose that he would not act as decidedly on the present occasion . And this was another consideration why this country ought to abstain , for the present , from any act which might prove grievous to the trade of America , 639 until it should be seen whether the American government would follow the same course now as in 1798 . The decree of 1798 had continued in force during the last peace , and though it had been evaded by means of neutral ships , no vessel was allowed to enter a port of France , without a certificate of origin from the French consul , or commercial agent , at the port whence it had sailed . Yet that decree had passed unnoticed in that instance , and , on the authority of that precedent , it was his opinion that no measures should be taken in the present case , except such as would be attended with as little rigour as possible to the trade of neutrals . As to the measure proposed by his hon . and learned friend to be substituted for the order of council , namely , that no ships with colonial produce should be suffered to enter the ports of France ; did he suppose that such a measure would be more distressing to the trade of France than to that of neutrals , or to our own trade ? It would be injurious to our trade , because the neutrals , by carrying the colonial produce of the enemy , are enabled to export our manufactures in great quantities . The house of commons would not therefore , in the exercise of its inquisitorial powers , interfere with this act of the executive , until it should see what effect would be produced by the measure that had already been resorted to . It was his opinion that the cutting off of the coasting trade would be highly distressing to France . But if France should , in the madness of her policy , think of shutting up the remaining neutral ports upon the continent , she would soon find that they were now as necessary to her as to Great Britain . As soon as she should begin to feel the distress arising from shutting up those ports , she would open again those ports which were at present in her occupation . It was therefore his opinion , that they should in the first instance make trial of the measure that had been adopted , as they would at all times have it in their power to resort to