cargoes on the coast of Africa , so as to carry them to the West Indies previous to that period , he intended to submit to the committee a proviso for the purpose of allowing vessels under such circumstances to trade to the West Indies with their cargoes . wished to know in what light the Black Corps in his majesty 's service were to be considered , whether as freemen or slaves . replied , that he should have always considered them as freemen ; but that at all events particular provision would be made for that case in the Mutiny bill for the year . hinted , that the bill , as it was now worded , might extend to our settlements in Asia Minor , and in the East Indies . observed , that no slaves had been imported to either for some time . He was aware , however , that both in the East Indies and in Asia Minor , there were many Christians who kept a number of slaves , but he did not conceive that this bill could be construed to extend so as to injure them in their property . He would , however , again consider the subject , and , if necessary , a clause to prevent the effect of any such construction might be proposed.—The blanks having been filled up , the noble lord proposed a proviso , allowing such vessels as should have cleared out from the ports of this country for Africa , previous to the 1st of May next , and should not have been able to complete their lading 679 in Africa , so as to carry their cargoes to the West Indies , previous to the lst of January , 1808 , to trade nevertheless to the West Indies with such cargoes . He also stated , that as some persons might take advantage of the interval allowed , to make two voyages with the same vessel , he intended , therefore , to propose a clause to prevent that advantage from being taken . —The provisions of the bill having been gone through , the preamble was again taken into consideration . declared his disinclination to enter into any discussion of the merits of the measure , after the opinion which a great majority of their lordships had , on a former occasion , pronounced . But , with the conviction he entertained of the impropriety of introducing abstract principles into the preamble of the bill , he conceived it his duty to submit to the Committee an amendment , which should exclude the terms `` justice and humanity , '' and confine the necessity of abolishing the slave trade , solely to the inexpediency of its continuance . He could not see what objections the warmest advocates for the abolition could have to the amendment . The preamble , as it then stood , unnecessarily mooted a point , on which a great difference of opinion existed , and which , if suffered to be made a part of the law of the land , and of the colonies , might be productive of mischievous and fatal consequences ; of those consequences which the noble baron , who introduced the bill , so strongly deprecated ; he meant any ill-grounded conclusions which the Negroes in the West Indies might infer , relative to their emancipation , as connected with the measure of abolition . Indeed , it was a conclusion natural for men in their circumstances to make , when they found the law of the land declaring that system unjust and inhuman , by the operation of which they were detained in a state of slavery . Some allowance should also be made for the feelings and characters of those who had embarked their property in the African trade ; and as the end was obtained , it was exceeding even the practice of hostile parties , to continue and promulgate an imputation , which nothing but the inability of succeeding in the object could justify . It might be objected , that the resolutions of the two houses of parliament