two or three years service , would be entitled to his pension , but if disabled in the service , he would ask why he should not ? He invited the hon . gentlemen opposite to go into the proofs of the statements he had made , because the more they should be enquired into , the more they would be found correct . said , that there were some remarks made by the right hon . gent . to which he should slightly advert , others to which he should reply more fully , and some matters he should notice that had not been treated as fit for the attention of the committee . The observations of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) seemed to have been wholly misunderstood ; the anachronism complained of had nothing to do with the argument ; the charge against ministers was distinctly this , that they had taken no means whatever to secure the acquisition of Buenos Ayres until they had intelligence of its re-capture . The right hon . gent . affirmed that there was hardly any thing more fallacious than calculation . This opinion he ( Mr. Perceval ) supposed was the reason why he never indulged the house with his estimates ; and from the same motive it was that the noble lord 's computations remained uncontradicted ; or perhaps it might be , that the arithmetical view given of the subject was unanswerable , and the right hon . gent . prudently declined making an attempt in which he could not succeed . The misfortune was , that when the right hon . gent . did try his hand at calculation , he was always erroneous . Such was his representation with regard to the bounty , which he said had been reduced 5 guineas . The truth was , that on the former plan , for 21 503 guineas a man was procured for life , and on the present , for 17l . a service of only 7 years was obtained . Thus for the trifling difference of 5l . 1s . three times the duration of service was acquired . The right hon . gent . told the committee that the Defence act had failed in every particular ; yet the fact was , that at the very time it as abrogated , it supplied annually 15,000 men . Now it was admitted that the measure would produce men , yet the objection of the right hon , gent. , which was yet ringing in his ( Mr. Perceval 's ) ears , before was , that it would supply money , and not men . Another concession was , much in the same style , directed to the Army of Reserve act : he ( Mr. P. ) could only understand this as an offer of friendship to his right hon . friend who proposed it , and he would not complain that any civility should be so properly applied . The right hon . gent . was accustomed to assert , right no defence was competent but the regular army , and not a moment should be lost in augmenting it . The committee had now heard from him , that these measures were abundantly conducive to this object ; but they had not learnt from the same authority , why they were precipitately abandoned . So much for the consistency of the right hon . gent . The right hon . the secretary at war mentioned the Training bill , the situation of the Volunteers , and the progress in the new mode of recruiting . On the first he observed that nothing was to be said , and as the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) was unluckily of the same opinion , nothing had been said upon it . A measure surely upon which nothing can be said , might certainly be denominated a failing project . So little had also been said on the condition of the Volunteers , that the right hon . gent . might as well have been silent on that subject also