. 32,715,790 Sinking Fund , mode proposed 14,359,900 Sinking Fund of the New Plan 12,762,691 Larger Sinking Fund by mode proposed £1,597,209 Amount of Taxes imposed by the New Plan £ 2,051,000 Amount of Taxes imposed by mode proposed £ 1,983,228 Less amount of Taxes by the mode proposed £.65,772 The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed , and the debate on them was adjourned to Thursday se'nnight . Lord Howick , adverting to the notice which he had given for this day , relative to the introduction of additional clauses into the Mutiny bill , for allowing Roman Catholics to hold certain commissions in the army , and for granting soldiers of that persuasion the free exercise of their religion , informed the house that on more mature consideration of the subject it had been deemed more proper to bring in a separate bill for that purpose ; which bill he proposed to move for leave to bring in tomorrow . At the same time he thought it right to state that it was intended to extend 1074 the same privilege to Roman Catholics in the Navy service . As to the Mutiny bill , there were many amendments to be moved in it , to which he did not understand there would be much objection ; it was proposed therefore , that it should go through the committee pro formâd , for the purpose of having the additional clauses introduced into it , after which the bill would be recommitted on Monday next , and from the advanced period of the season , gentlemen would be aware of the necessity of passing the bill with all convenient dispatch . was glad that the noble lord had adopted the plan of bringing forward his regulations respecting the Roman Catholics as a separate measure . The house went into a committee of supply , on the motion of lord Henry Petty . The king 's message of Monday relative to Prussia having been read , stated , that it was unnecessary for him to recall to the recollection of the house the circumstances under which lord Hutchinson had left this country for the continent , and the state of the continent at that period . That noble lord had been dispatched , as well for the purpose of communicating such information as might be necessary to this country , as to afford such aid as could be conveniently granted to the king of Prussia in the unfortunate circumstances in which he was then placed . Shortly after his arrival at his destination , he had made an advance of 80,000l . to that monarch , for a purpose the importance of which the house would , he had no doubt , readily admit , namely , the defence of the remaining fortresses . Strong representations had been made to him , that , without such an advance , it would not be possible to pay the army intended for the defence of those fortresses , some of which however , had since unfortunately been taken . He did not feel it necessary to say more than to move , that it be the opinion of the committee that a sum , not exceeding 80,000l . be granted to his majesty , to make good a like sum advanced to the king of Prussia , in consequence of the urgency of the state of affairs on the continent . wished to know when the noble lord intended that the report of the committee should be brought up , as he had some observations to make upon this subject . answered , that it was his intention to have it reported to-morrow ; but if it should be wished , he had no objec- 1075 tion to propose its being postponed till the day following . No reply being made , the resolution was agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to morrow . The house having resolved itself into a committee of Ways and Means , pursuant to notice , rose to state the terms of the Loan , and to