to arrive through a series of laboured argumentation , but points from which you are to start in commencing your discussion . As in the severer sciences there are certain axioms and definitions , which nobody dreams of analysing when they set out to the proof of a proposition , so in diplomacy these forms have been uniformly adopted , not as matter of substantive disquisition in themselves , but as clearing the way to the examination and solution of other questions . Whether it be true or not , as M. Talleyrand affirms that no treaty between two great powers was ever negociated on the basis of uti possidetis , I will not venture to say ; but I have little doubt that neither the uti possidetis , nor the status ante bellum , were ever admitted , or contended by either party to have been admitted , as the basis of any negociation , by any process of reasoning 390 and inference , or in any other less unequivocal form than the direct plain terms uti possidetis , or status ante bellum . If the admission requires to be made out circumstantially , by confronting detached passages , and collecting together scattered phrases and inferences , the only thing that is plain is , that no such admission has been distinctly made.—There is , indeed , one mode of inference to which the noble lord ( Howick ) has this night resorted , which is much too curious to be passed over without notice . He infers the uti possidetis from the several exceptions which are made to it . Was not Hanover to be given up to his majesty unconditionally ; and is not that a deviation from the uti possidetis ? Was not Sicily itself claimed rather as something which should not be too strictly subjected to the rule laid down , than as coming within the direct operation of the uti possidetis ? Did not we claim Naples , ( he might have added ) in the very first conference which took place after the alleged proposal , in direct contempt of the uti possidetis ? Why , sir , we have heard it said that exceptio probat regulam : but when the proofs of the rule are nothing but exceptions , the rule itself may reasonably be thought to be in some danger.—But if the noble lord 's argument is not of much avail in establishing the admission of the uti possidetis ; it does go some way towards proving the second proposition on this Subject for which I contend , that the uti possidetis was by no means so desirable for this country , as is all along taken for granted by those who are only busied in arguing for the fact of its having been proposed . It was not important for the sake of Hanover ; for Hanover was to be recovered , if at all , not by being included within its operation , but by being excepted out of it . And as to Sicily , there is no imaginable basis of negociation to which it would not have been more easy to reconcile our claim of Sicily , than that of the uti possidetis.—There are three different bases suggested in the course of the correspondence between Mr. Fox and M. Talleyrand , before this of the uti possidetis ; and there is besides , the status ante bellum , which no where comes in question : and I will venture to say that there is not one of all these bases upon which the determination—the just and wise and honourable determination—not to give up Sicily to France , might not be more satisfactorily supported , than upon that to which we appear to have attached so much 391 importance . 1st , The basis of the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens : that would keep Sicily out of the hands of France ; for , by the treaty of Amiens , France , so far from claiming Sicily , consented to evacuate Naples . 2d , The basis of `` what should be honourable to the contracting