, Three per Cent . Reduced £.70 0 0 Three per Cent . Consols 70 0 0 Navy Five per Cents 10 12 0 Being at an Interest of 4 14 7 The committee would be sensible of the advantageous nature of this contract for 1077 the public , by calling to mind the terms upon which last year 's loan had been negociated ; terms that were then considered advantageous . The loan of last year had been negociated at an interest of 4l . 19s . 7d . for every 100l . ; so that the public gained 5s . per cent . on the present loan.—Having stated the several items of Supply and Ways and Means , and explained to the house the terms of the loan , he should think he had fulfilled his duty if he had not thought it necessary to add another statement , to shew , that , notwithstanding the excess of the extraordinaries , the sum of 32 millions would be sufficient for the expenditure of the year , and for future expenditure , exclusive of subsidies and extraordinaries arising from the rise of the price of articles of stores , & c. He wished to put the committee in possession of the grounds upon which he supposed that the Ways and Means , offered by 32 millions , would be sufficient to cover the expenditure , with the exceptions he had stated . This he should shew , by deducting from the supplies all that was due on arrears , all that was due on subsidies , and the excess of extraordinaries , in which case there would remain , as he conceived , sufficient to provide for the same expenditure as in the present year ; and also , by deducting all of the Ways and Means of the present year that was extraordinary , and not available for a future year . The noble lord then entered into a statement to shew , that by a deduction of the supplies that were extraordinary in the votes of the present year , such as the payment of the Loyalty Loan , the subsidies to the emperor of Russia , to the king of Sweden , and to the king of Prussia , the remainder of the sum voted on credit , and the excess of the extraordinaries of the present year , the supplies to be prospectively to be raised would be reduced from the supplies of the present year , viz . 41,600,898l . to 38,100,130l . He was not aware that it was necessary for him to say any thing further on the subject ; and he should therefore move the first resolution.—On the question being put . wished to call the attention of the house to the statement of the noble lord . The noble lord had excluded from his consideration , in the first formation of his plan any estimate founded upon the subsidies that might be necessary , and yet scarcely a month had elapsed , when the noble lord came forward with a provision for subsidies to the amount of nearly one 1078 million . He asked , therefore , whether it was not a fallacy to leave out an item of expenditure , which followed so closely on the noble lord 's first statement in arranging any financial plan for the future . He could not conceive how he could have overlooked the excess of the extraordinaries of the present year , as he admitted , at the time of bringing forward his first statement . It could not have been for want of having the accounts made up , for that was regularly done in the offices . He knew of no way in Which such an excess could arise , except from the arrival of bills from abroad , as all the bills that had already arrived must have been entered in the offices , at the time the noble lord brought forward his plan . Was the house to suppose , that in the space of six months an excess of nearly 800,000l . had accrued in the extraordinary