of Amiens , had been in this instance revived . He was sorry to differ from his hon . friend , with respect to the policy of our supporting Prussia . The whole history of that power for the last 60 years , shewed , that her invariable policy was directed to her own aggrandizement . She had been the eternal enemy of Austria , and the uniform friend of all the different successive governments of France since the French revolution . He was glad to have observed in the address on the speech at the opening of the session , that there was none of that desponding language of exhausted means and dilapidated resources , used on other occasions , contained in it . The resources of the empire were said to remain unimpaired , and if they were unimpaired , it was owing to the measures of that great statesman now no more ( Mr. 339 Pitt ) , to whose politics he had himself been always attached . The sinking fund , which had been the work of that illustrious statesman , was that to which this country owed all its prosperity . It was the record of his services ; and well he might have said , when bequeathing such a boon to his country ; `` Non omnis moriar , Multaque pars mei vitabit ruinam . '' He hoped the honourable gentlemen opposite would not hereafter give way to such desponding language as was contained in the letter of the noble lord opposite ( Howick ) to the lord mayor , on the subject of the capture of Hamburgh . That noble lord appeared somewhat partial to these communications ; he did not mean to say , however , that he was influenced in that respect by the cacoethes scribendi . The hon . bart . commented with some severity upon the contents of the letter alluded to . He recommended to the noble lord , not to make such communications in future ; and concluded , by assuring the house of his gratitude for their indulgence , and that , though he had trespassed at some length upon their patience , he had not uttered a single sentiment that was not sincerely and conscientiously the result of his unbiassed judgment . rose , and spoke nearly as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; it was my wish to have spoken immediately after the hon . gent . ( Mr. Montague ) who preceded the hon . bart . ( Sir T. Turton ) , for the purpose of offering a few observations upon a speech abounding with classical quotations , and full of fanciful illustration ; but which , I confess , appears to me not to have contained the sort of reasoning likely to produce conviction upon the members of this house ; far less to convey sentiments agreeable to the friends of either of those illustrious men , whose loss we severally and deeply deplore . The hon . gent . has informed us , that having twenty years since taken his seat in the house of commons , he has been absent from it for the last ten : but , sir , one would have thought it impossible , that he should not have heard of the political transactions which have taken place within that period ; that he should not have known that the animosities and contentions of which he was witness , had long since ceased ; that the dissentions which he has endeavoured to revive are obsolete ; and that at a most critical period of the affairs of this country , one of those great rivals represented to his sovereign , however unsuccessfully , that the other was 340 the person most fit to be joined with him in the councils of his majesty . Had that advice been accepted , the destination of Mr. Fox would no doubt have been to that office from which he has so lately and unhappily been torn by the hand of death.—Neither , sir , was it necessary for the hon . gent . to recur to those invidious