Speaker desired to be informed , whether the prayer of the petition involved any application for a grant of public money ? Mr. Thornton replied , that it might be taken to have that effect , as the expences which the company had heretofore been enabled to defray by annual grants from parliament , would hereafter be to be defrayed by the government . The speaker then observed , that in any case of a direct application for public money , the house could not receive from any individual a petition , without the consent of the crown ; though , where the interests of his majesty were only indirectly concerned , such consent might be signified in any stage of the measure , which was to be founded on the petition . The house was therefore not precluded from receiving this petition . The petition was then brought up , and referred to a select committee.—Mr . Jacob observed , that an account had been moved for , and ordered on a former day , of the number of ships engaged and registered , in the British trade , and stated his desire to move for another paper , that would be supplemental to that , and was necessary in order to put the house in possession of the whole subject . The paper he proposed to move for , was , an Account of the number of British ships that had been captured by the enemy , and without being re-captured , had been admitted again to British Register . The practice was , to have such vessels taken into the enemy 's ports , where they were sold to neutrals , and afterwards were allowed to be replaced on the British Register . This practice he contended amounted to a premium to the enemy for the capture of British vessels , as the neutral would not give half the price for the ships if he had not the power of placing them again on the British Register Lord H. Petty was not aware of any particular objection to the motion , as a paper of a similar description was already on the table . It was then ordered , that there be laid before the house an Account of the number of British ships captured by the enemy , and afterwards without re-capture , 466 admitted to British Register , from the commencement of the present war to the 5th of January , 1807. seeing a noble lord ( Howick ) in his place , rose for the purpose of putting two or three questions to his lordship on certain points which appeared to him to require explanation . That noble lord , in his answer to a question from a learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) on a former night , stated , that his majesty 's ministers had , in the treaty which they had concluded with America , reserved to themselves the right of protecting the trade of this country against the measures of the enemy . If he understood the noble lord 's answer right , it amounted to this , that his majesty 's ministers had reserved the right to act for the protection of British trade , by the adoption of such measures towards neutrals , as they should submit to at the hands of France . If he was correct in his interpretation of his lordship 's answer , he wished to be informed whether , in the event of its being necessary to adopt more vigorous measures than were authorized by his Majesty 's proclamation , there was any thing in the late treaty with America , which would prevent his majesty 's ministers from resorting to such measures ? He was induced to ask this question because of the opposition that had been stated to the learned gent . for the production of a copy of his majesty 's proclamation . Besides , it would be desirable for the house to be informed upon this head , previous to the debate that was to take place on the learned gent . 's motion , and it was