did this require any immediate confirmation ; the proper time to adduce such proof would be when the measure , productive of such effects , had become the law of the land . The same might be said as to any evidence applicable to mere speculative propositions . After the resolutions their lordships had come to last year , it would not be consistent with their dignity to enter into such a mode of examining the fitness of their own deliberate determinations . said , that with regard 616 to the immediate question now before the house , he very much concurred with his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) , that no witnesses need at present be called . Whether in a future stage it would be right to have recourse to such assistance , it was not now necessary to enquire ; he should on this subject reserve his opinion for the proper occasion when it should be expedient to declare it . He was not disposed , however , to be equally silent on the concluding sentiment delivered by the noble earl who had just sat down , which , if adopted , would defeat the purposes of all parliamentary deliberation . He said , that because the house in the last session thought it expedient to give its opinion on the subject of the slave trade , it would be now inconsistent with its dignity to examine witnesses on the subject matter of this bill . This was to assert that their lordships were to be so bound by their former determination , that they were to be precluded from hearing testimony as to matters , however strongly urged by counsel , and however important to the decision on the merits of the present bill . Were the resolution passed during the last session to be considered in a more serious light than a bill which had gone through the progressive steps , until it was finally transmitted to the commons ? Such a bill might be rejected , and could , in such case , be cited as no authority by which the opinion of their lordships should be governed . It was obvious that such resolutions were not to prevent the exercise of their deliberative functions , and thus much he thought it necessary to say , that these functions might remain entire and unimpaired . perfectly agreed with his noble friend ( earl Grosvenor ) , and thought that the commentary of the noble lord who had just sat down , originated in a misapprehension of the terms employed . The noble earl did not say that the previous opinion declared , however solemnly , should preclude all examination of any future measure connected with the same subject ; but he said that when such a determination was made , that the trade was contrary to the broad principles of justice and humanity , it would not become the dignity of the house to enter into minute enquiries into the precise profits , of which the adventurers would be deprived . This was the sentiment expressed by the noble earl , and supported by the general tenour of his speech ; and , on his mind , they were 617 neither subversive of the constitutional privileges of their lordships , nor destructive of their deliberative functions in any particular . was of opinion that the counsel ought not to be allowed to call evidence in the present case . His reason was , that all the evidence necessary to illustrate the interests of the petitioners was before the house . Their lordships had materials enough before them to form their judgment . His royal highness , however , reserved to himself the right of considering whether it would not be necessary to hear evidence on other points . was then heard as counsel for the corporation of Liverpool . He asked leave to examine Mr. Foster , to shew the interest which the corporation of Liverpool had in the wet docks of that port.—Lord Grenville moved , that the next counsel be heard . Ordered.—Mr . Plumer was called in ,