of number of men , 5284 , and in point of charge 9,176l . There was thus an excess in this year , but still there was a nearer coincidence than in any other two years . It was only where the variation was considerable , that he should take any particular notice of it , leaving the less material points to be explained afterwards . If any gentlemen should wish for particular information about them . The scale of the establishment was nearly the same as in the last year , being at the rate of 800. men a regiment for cavalry ; and of battalions of 1200 men , 1000 , 800 , 600 , or 400 , for the infantry , according to the actual strength of the corps , as nearly as it could be estimated . He should consider the two first estimates , that of Guards and Garrisons , and that of the plantations together , as comprising the whole of the regular army at home and abroad . On this item there was an increase of 241,537l . This was a considerable increase , but it was owing 475 principally to the addition to the establishment of one new regiment of foot , the 101st , which was the only one of the Irish regiments , ordered to be raised some time since , that had been completed . There were also six garrison battalions , composed of the men raised under the Defence act , who had not volunteered for general service . Gentlemen were aware that no further proceedings were to be had under the defence act after the last year . These battalions were instituted to receive the men from the second battalions , who would engage for home service only . There were besides ten veteran battalions , the corps for garrison service in Canada , and the corps called the royal African , part of which was in Africa , and the other part in the West Indies ; and to the latter part of which an addition of two companies was made . There were also 11 companies of Sicilian troops attached to the regiments at present in Sicily , and commanded by British officers . It was expected , naturally , that the raising of this force would attach the natives of Sicily to the British standard , and that it would render their aid and their services available , in the best possible manner . There was an increase of the staff officers for foreign service , which had naturally arisen front the expeditions that had been sent out . There was an increase in the commissariat from the same cause ; and there was an additional charge of 110,000l . for the increased pay and allowances voted in the last year . The total amount of the increase in all the items was 439,732l . The amount of decrease which was to be deducted , was composed of the 25th dragoons in India , and the royal waggon train reduced to 4 companies , and 7 battalions of infantry ; the reductions on which amounted altogether to 81,771l . There was , besides , a saving of 30,000l . in the transport of troops from the Irish establishment . When the amount of these articles of decrease was deducted , there would remain a balance of increase of 241,537l . The next branch of the estimates was the Public Departments , in which there was an increase of 44,222l . Of this 40,000l . had arisen on account of the auditor of the exchequer , for exchequer bills , to make good a deficiency of 20,000l . from the last year , and the remainder for the current service . The charge of a number of offices had been taken from the extraordinaries of the army , and included in these estimates , on the principle that 476 it was desirable to reduce to the certainty of estimate , every thing of which an estimate could be formed . Of these offices , that of the commander-in-chief amounted to 7,560l . In addition to