satisfactory to every man that there should be even this stale tribute paid to those who had been formerly loaded with censure . But surely it would be too much to expect that any man who had ever regulated his conduct by , who had followed the footsteps of , or who had considered the name of Pitt as connected with the glory and happiness of England , could pass this part of his majesty 's speech unnoticed . Amidst the accusations that had been vented against the late administration , those against their foreign connections were not the least virulent . It had been said , that the continent had been lost by the confederacies which England had so ill put together . But 47 what was the nature of the system that had been substituted ? It seemed as if those who had happened to hear that a confederacy was a bad thing , had determined to repel every ally that might , by opposite conduct , have been attracted to us . But of this new system it would be worth while to trace the operation as well as the cause . On the first day of the first session of a new parliament , during whose existence the fate of the world might probably be decided , in whose time a struggle would , in all likelihood , take place , that would terminate either in total destruction , or complete safety , such a discussion was assuredly most important and most proper . The speech and address , which , at such a period as the present , were any thing but mere matters of form , might be considered in two distinct views . The first was as a mutual pledge between the sovereign and his people . Had it been possible to confine the speech and address to a description of the dangers of the country , and an enumeration of the best means of deliverance from those dangers , he would have been well content that the address should have gone up without a whisper of remark . But there was another view of the subject . The present was the constitutional opportunity afforded for both houses of parliament to express their opinion not only of the relations of government with foreign states , but of the relations of government with the country . Of this he begged to be understood that he was fully satisfied , whether when the official documents should be laid on the table it might or might not appear that there had been any remissness , or want of dexterity , or blameable attention to delusive promises , that the cause of this country against France would not admit of the smallest question . The only matter in dispute was not whether or not the cause was sufficiently strong , but whether or not the cause had been prosecuted in the best manner , and at the most proper time . If it could be proved ( which he did not in the least degree mean to insinuate ) , that the negociation had wilfully failed , he should be sorry that that circumstance should lead to the slightest hesitation in giving the most unqualified support to the war . In prosecuting his consideration of the subject , he could not acquit the late house of commons of an act of inconsiderate confidence . And here he must observe , that with every man in the house , he sincerely lamented 48 the absence and loss of that great man , with whom , in politics , he had so frequently differed ; but the memory of which differences ought no longer to exist . Those who were in habits of private friendship with that great man might deplore him more feelingly , but it was impossible that they could admire more than himself his transcendant talents—talents , the strength of which was sufficiently evinced by the awe and fear which his presence inspired in the breasts of his political opponents . Having stated thus much , he trusted he should be acquitted of any disrespectful imputation