gent . was so prone to . History recorded many instances of armies destroyed and empires ruined ; but the destruction of the Prussian empire was sudden and complete beyond parallel . A mighty monarch , possessing a vast army , distinguished for military reputation , was in one day reduced to seek safety in a precipitate flight , accompanied but by a few faithful followers of his broken fortunes . The hon . gent . had introduced into his speech the melancholy fate of the duke of Brunswick . That gallant prince , after receiving his death wound , was carried into his palace , in a litter ; but when all means of ease and safety were denied him there , he was carried beyond the frontier ; —he could go no further , and his brave heart burst . But persecution did not stop here . Cæsar was merciful when the battle was over , and those who had fallen , opposing his ambition , were sure at least of honourable burial . But the son of this brave prince was refused permission to deposit his venerable father 's remains in the vault 64 of his ancestors . This melancholy event had been omitted , only because there was no precedent for mentioning it in the king 's speech . It was not want of feeling ; for who that read in remote history of things like this , was able to withhold the tribute of a tear ? And how much more naturally did that tribute flow for distresses which happened in our own time , and which we almost saw with our own eyes ! When , to use the words of the poet , we see `` Darius great and good , fallen from his high estate and weltering in his blood ; '' what heart could be so callous as not to melt with sympathetic grief ! When the calamities were real , and happened in our own time , their affliction must fall upon us with a double weight . And was it to be supposed that those who were charged with the weight of government should be peculiarly insensible , when deprived of the stays and supports which they should otherwise reckon upon , when their best hopes were lost ? Their affliction was , indeed , most poignant ; but it was some consolation to them to be exempt from the bitter reflection that it was brought about by an interposition of theirs , or by any delay of their timely aid.—With regard , continued the noble lord , to the hon . gent . 's allusions to Hanover as the sole cause of the declaration of war by this country against Prussia , I am astonished that the hon . gent . could hazard such an unfounded statement . Indeed , if the hon . gent . had taken the trouble of looking at the terms of the declaration itself , he would have there seen , that , so far from Hanover being the only cause , the shutting of the rivers in the north of Germany against our commerce was the principal alleged ground of hostility , and upon that ground the house voted the address to his majesty , which approved the course pursued by government upon that occasion . But even supposing that the ports in the north of Germany were not closed against our shipping , was not the detention of Hanover by Prussia , upon such grounds as that power alleged , of such a nature as this government could not subscribe to ? Was it not such a claim , indeed , as our government could not allow any power to insist upon in a negociation , or to maintain without interruption ? Would the hon . gent . say that it was ? But , combining the detention of Hanover with the shutting up the ports I have already stated , would the hon . gent . as member of a cabinet , hesitate to advise his majesty to declare war against the 65 power which should be guilty of such