attention on the part of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) who originated the measure , but this attention was never employed to mislead any body , but merely to make the subject generally understood . He had never laboured to excite a prejudice or clamour , but merely to convince the understandings of all dispassionate persons . There certainly ought to be a fair time allowed for the discussion , but when he recollected how much time had been already given , and what notice the persons concerned had already had from the proceedings in the other house , he could not consent to postpone the second reading farther than to Tuesday next ; the hon . gent . would then have an opportunity of arguing the subject fully . thought it could only be from the multiplicity of business in which the noble lord ( Howick ) was engaged , that it had escaped his notice , that every measure that invention or artifice could devise to create a popular clamour was resorted to on this occasion . The church , the theatre , and the press , had laboured to 719 create a prejudice against the Slave Trade . It had even been maintained from the pulpil , that `` England could never expect to be victorious in war , while she persisted in such an abominable traffic . '' Now this doctrine , which certainly ought never to have come from such a place , had beer completely falisfied , for England never was more victorious by land and by sea than in the present reign , and in the present war ; and some of those victories had been obtained by men who , in another place boldly professed their opinion to be against this bill . The attempts to make a popular clamour against this trade were never so conspicious as during the late Election , when the public newspapers teemed with abuse of this trade , and when promises were required from the different candidates that they would oppose its continuance . There never had been any question agitated since that of parliamentary reform , in which so much industry had been exerted to raise a popular prejudice and clamour , and to make the trade an object of universal detestation . In every manufacturing town and borough in the kingdom , all those arts had been tried . It was not his intention to speak at present upon the general subject , as he would consider it disrespectful to the lords , if any bill which came down from their house should not at least be read a first time ; but as it was a subject respecting which former parliaments had expressed great doubts , and as the bill went to abrogate all the colonial laws of the country , he intreated that the house would give the measure the fullest and most serious consideration . begged leave to set right the hon . gent . who had last spoken ; and to inform him , that no one man , in the whole county he represented , ever asked him to pledge himself upon the subject of this bill . He could assure him , that if any man had asked him to pledge himself upon that , or any subject , he would have refused to accept of his vote . He should , therefore , vote quite free and uncontrouled for the abolition of the trade . He did not know what the hon . gent . might have met with in boroughs ; but as to cabinet measures , and cabinet ministers , he cared not for any measures which were so denominated . The time was , when a member would have been called to order for having hinted at such things as cabinet measures . in explanation , said , 720 he did not mean to express himself so generally as what the hon . gent . had supposed he had done . He rather meant to say , that there was scarcely a city or borough , that had not imposed