did the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) appear to him to have at all pressed any point at to counsel ; for he spoke rather in an air of triumph , as if he relied on the total abandonment of the petition , and that the house would hear no more of it . The absence of counsel on the circuit he thought very insufficient ground to allege for the postponement of a question of this nature ; for upon that ground all the petitions before the house might be postponed . regretted that the liberality of his right hon . friend should have prompted him in a former instance to consent to the postponement of this measure . But he recollected well the condition upon which that consent was given , although this condition seemed now so entirely forgotten by the noble lord . With 937 regard to the petition , if the petitioners would forego the aid of their counsel , he was sure his right hon . friend could , unaided by any counsel , have no hesitation to go to trial at once with them , notwithstanding all the confidence of their boasting , all the activity of their enquiries , and all the acrimony of their contrivances . contended that the learned gent . ( the attorney-general ) was not warranted from any part of the conduct of the petitioners , in imputing to them any description of fraud or stratagem.—After some farther conversation , the house divided ; for Mr. Sheridan 's motion 167 ; against it 12 ; majority 155 . The order for a ballot was then fixed for Tuesday the 14th of April . The house resolved itself into a committee of supply , to which the various accounts respecting the Irish Miscellaneous Services had been previously referred . Sir John Newport moved , and it was resolved by the committee , that the several sums in the respective estimates , be granted for his majesty 's further services to which they referred , for the year ending the 1st of January , 1808. observed upon the resolution voting a certain sum to the association for discountenancing vice and promoting the knowledge of religion and virtue , that however he might respect the individuals composing that body , he could not entirely approve of any self-created corporation , not relying upon their own voluntary contributions . said , that the grant now called for , was for the purpose of enabling the association to purchase a quantity of Bibles and Testaments , in order to retail them at a very low rate to the lower orders of the community . wished it to be generally understood , that the sums now called for , for the miscellaneous services of Ireland were in principle guaranteed by the union compact ; as to the association interested in the resolution now before the committee that association was incorporated before the union , and sanctioned uniformly by the parliament of Ireland , and most deservedly so , for the country had derived the most inestimable advantages from its unwearied zeal in the cause of religion and morality . thought the diffusion of Bibles and Testaments the best possible 938 way of promoting the moral and intellectual improvement of the lower orders in any country , but above all in Ireland . On the Resolution that a sum of 5000l . be granted for the Roman Catholic college , at Maynooth , in addition to the sum of 8,000l . annually , which additional grant was for the erection of other buildings , for the further accommodation of the students in that seminary , a short conversation took place . had no objection , as this establishment had been founded previous to the union , to granting the sum of 8,000l . as usual ; but as he looked upon the present proposed addition as the commencement of an increasing expenditure , which would tend to make that institution rival the university of Dublin , and tend to the establishment of the catholic religion , he felt it his duty to express