very material that the whole of it should be produced . Another point on which he desired to be informed , was whether lord Yarmouth had received any communication from Mr. Fox , or from any of his majesty 's ministers , previous to his first leaving France ; also the date of that noble lord 's communication with M. Talleyrand ; together with the date of his leaving Paris , and of his arrival in London . The first communication from lord Yarmouth to Mr. Secretary Fox certainly appeared dated the 13th of July , but he wished to know whether that was the date when the dispatch was addressed to Mr. Fox , or when it was drawn up . The next point related to a statement in an official note presented by lord Lauderdale to gen. Clarke , dated Aug. 6 , `` that intervening circumstances , which it was unnecessary to detail , had enabled his majesty to enter into a separate treaty . '' Now , it did not appear upon the face of the Papers what these circumstances were , and he wished to be informed respecting them . Another question he wished to ask , grew out of a passage in the dispatch of the 10th of September , from the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) to lord Lauderdale . The passage was , `` every effort was made at the outset of the negociation to obtain the restitution of Naples to his Sicilian majesty . '' He wished to know what those efforts had been '' and whether there were any documents to skew that they had been made , and whether there would be any objection to lay before the house the details of the reasons for departing from that claim , as said in that dispatch to be detailed in the correspondence of the foreign office , with lords Yarmouth and Lauderdale . The last question he had to put , related to the communication made by lord Lauderdale to M. Talleyrand , stating that he was authorized to negociate also for Russia on the same terms as had been communicated to M. Talleyrand by his excellency count Budberg . It did not appear on the face of the papers what these terms were ; and on an occasion in which the house was to be called on to decide upon the merits of the negociation and the rupture of it , he felt that it was absolutely necessary that they should be put in possession of the terms upon which it was proposed to treat . said , he was most willing to give every explanation on the subject of any part of the papers that were to be discussed an Monday , which might be thought 243 necessary for the perfect elucidation of that important subject . He rose therefore to answer the various topics of enquiry that had been touched upon by the hon . and learned gent . If he should not be able to answer them in the order in which they had occurred , or should omit to notice any particular question , he had only to beg of the learned gent . to remind him of the omission , and he should endeavour to satisfy the enquiry . The first question of the hon . and learned gent . was , whether there was any passage in any other letter from M. Talleyrand , similar to the very extraordinary interpolation , which appeared in the publication by the French government . His answer to this was , that there was not , in any letter received from M. Talleyrand , any passage bearing the most distant reference to the interpolation alluded to . To the next question , which related to the extract , No . 3 , he had only to answer , that the whole of the contents of that letter , which could throw any light upon the negociation , had been published ; and here he could not but observe , that the publication of the French government had rendered it unavoidable to publish