for the king of Sardinia , and at the same time had solemnly protested on the part of England against cessions in the West Indies , or elsewhere . [ No . 14 , p. 111 ] . That lord Yarmouth did not act without authority , in making these demands of France , if it could be otherwise supposed , is to be collected from the answer of Mr. Fox ; who expressly directs him to `` mention the questions of Na '' ples and Istria again , but not to state `` them as conclusive reasons against agree '' ing on preliminary articles . '' [ No . 15 , p . 112 . ] Where then is this abstract basis of the uti possidetis to be found , as indispensably necessary to further proceeding ? Not , sir , in any part of the papers , which I have so carefully searched ; not in the narrative of lord Yarmouth , which he has so candidly given to the house ; not in the able reasoning , or eloquent speech of my noble friend . After all I have read , and all I have heard , I am bound to say I do not find that the uti possidetis was , up to this period , the sine quâ non of negociation.—In a short time , sir , it will appear from the papers , that Sicily itself ceased to be the sine quâ non of negociation . For after the rejection of the absurd proposition relative to the exchange of the Hanse Towns for Sicily , a second proposal having been made by the French government , and an intimation held out , that if Sicily was not ceded for some equivalent , the meditated changes in Germany would be published , the Russian negociator M. d'Oubril requested that the English cabinet would temporize rather than abruptly terminate the negociation , and it was admitted that an equivalent might be found for Sicily . This is acknowledged in a dispatch from the English cabinet to lord Yarmouth , dated July 18 , [ p . 118 . ] and at the same time a compensation is named , which I confess it appears to me almost as unreasonable for us to expect that France should consent to , as it was extravagant in France to suggest the exchange of the Hanse Towns for the island of Sicily.—On the 20th of July , notwithstanding the warm and repeated remonstrances of lord Yarmouth , the separate treaty was signed by M. D'Oubril with France , the terms of which appear to have been highly disgraceful to that court , and injurious to the cause of her allies.—But , sir , here it may 347 not be improper to remark , in order that justice may be done to all parties ; which it is essential should be done , in order that we may obtain a just view of our situation ; in order that we may stand , both now and hereafter , clear before the world at large ; and especially that we may deserve from Providence , under whose aweful eye we act , that protection which we implore , I say it is but proper to remark that in signing a separate treaty with Russia , France did not violate any principle of good faith with this country . She had expressed from the beginning a determination to treat separately with the powers to whom she stood opposed , if she could effect it ; and in so doing she had neither deceived nor injured Great Britain ; nor , indeed , is want of good faith upon this score attributed to France in any part of the correspondence . With Russia it is impossible not to observe the case was different ; and certainly her plenipotentiary had acted in a manner most inconsistent with every principle of justice and honour . The situation of lord Yarmouth was thus rendered almost beyond precedent difficult and distressing , and I can not help saying that he had hitherto conducted himself in a manner which