which justify every opposition to the continuance of a system bottomed on injustice and inhumanity . Amongst those which I Shall take the liberty of stating to the house , the claims of plundered , persecuted Africa , shall not be forgotten . Nor shall I satisfy myself with viewing the question as to the mere circumstance of dragging these unhappy beings from home and country , and from relatives and friends , for transportation in a foreign land ; but shall extend my enquiry to the means and expedients by which they are obtained . The condition of savage life , sir , is sufficiently deplorable , without employing human ingenuity to aggravate its incidental calamities . Man , instructed and enlightened man , should at least endeavour to avoid increasing the miseries of the untutored , and not pervert the superiority of reason , by augmenting evils , which it is his duty to diminish . It has been said , that though you abolish this measure , the wars in Africa will still continue to be waged . It is unhappily the lot of civilized , as well as uncivilized life , that human contentions will prevail , and that the conflicting passions of nations , as well as of individuals , will be exasperated into mutual rancour and reciprocal hostility . Is it therefore because such is the unhappy condition of our natures , that means are to be used , and expedients resorted to , for the diabolical purpose of fomenting them ? Is it because it is impossible to subdue the lust of aggrandizement , or to circumscribe the unprincipled progress of rapine and aggression , that an unjust and inhuman pursuit must be continued ? and that the laws of civilized states , the laws of this our common country , shall encourage or countenance the inhuman slave-dealer , whilst he hangs on the rear of the army , which he has stimulated to carnage and slaughter , for the purpose of purchasing the flesh and blood of his fellow-creature , to satisfy the cravings of a sordid and criminal avarice ? Often has the poverty of the suffering African been the sole cause of his persecution , and often has his person been consigned to irremediable slavery , as an equivalent for the portion of brandy with which he has been drugged , to rob the mind of its reason , and the body of its liberty . Human nature is unfortunately prone to propensities , which frequently require the restrictions of 965 legislative wisdom , and the checks of salutary controul . Crimes , which , if committed at home , under the cognizance of those laws which restrict the criminal passions , would have excited the strongest sentiments of abhorrence , may be committed in Africa , without revolting the feelings of the scrupulous , at the same time that they stifle the conscientious remonstrances of the agents . I shall not disgust the house by a recital of those atrocities on the innocent and unoffending . We have heard enough of floating , dungeons , and the merciless treatment to which these unhappy children of Africa are subjected , in consequence of that cruel necessity which tears them from all the revered connections of life , from the social endearments of father , husband , and wife ; and which , not satisfied with this extreme of injustice and persecution , consigns them to a foreign shore , after a beastly exposure , to the disposal of the highest bidder , to be appreciated by him , not as his fellow being , endued with mind and feeling , but as an inanimate effect , on the profits of which he may voluntarily speculate . Will the house of commons tolerate a traffic always commencing in injustice , and frequently terminating in murder ? Will it lend its countenance to a system communicating misery to the whole continent of Africa , and entailing indelible dishonour on the character of Great Britain ? No ; the time has at length arrived , when the arm of the slave-dealer must be