an ideot , had he withstood his demand on any other ground than justice . He defied the whole world to prove that he had ever wounded the feelings of individuals for the purpose of extorting their votes . repelled the charge which the right hon . gent . had advanced against him . He declared that he never heard that the letter referred to was in the hands of any person , until about two months since , when he was informed by the secretary of the treasury that he had got such a letter , with his answer to it , which he had quite forgot to have ever written . That he had ever used any threat to the magistrates of Christ-church he most solemnly denied , and therefore the right hon . gent . ought not to rely on their information . Indeed , if such informers were to be trusted , they told some strange stories of the right hon . gent . himself . For the only time he saw those magistrates was at the house of a respectable inhabitant of Christ church who was present at the conversation ; and they stated that the right hon . gent . told them that he was not in opposition to government , that he never thwarted the measures of ministers , but that on the contrary , he was on the most intimate footing with many of the principal members of the government , and that he was assisting the chancellor of the exchequer ( a laugh . ) Would the right hon . gent . then advise that credit should be given to such authority ? But with reference to the question before the house , the right hon . gent . ought to have had the candour to state that these very magistrates voted , for 787 him , and yet they were never disturbed in the offices which they held under government , and yet that government was , according to the right hon . gent . 's sentiments , capable of abusing its power for the purposes of revenge and undue influence . thought it very singular that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) should , as he stated , have formed a resolution not to speak in the course of the debate , considering the important facts which he had alledged , and the written evidence which he had brought with him to support those facts . But really the right hon . gent . could not himself rely on the truth of such allegations , or he would not have neglected , with all the solicitude which he professed and felt to preserve the freedom of election , to bring them forward in the first instance ; for they were surely much stronger than the case to which the motion referred . But , in point of fact , it was not to be supposed that the hon . gent . would have declined to put these strong cases in the front line of his attack on ministers , if he thought they could have been maintained , much less that he should have determined not to state them at all , if he had not been irritated by something which fell from his noble friend below him ( lord Howick ) . Therefore this important communication from the right hon . gent . was not owing to an anxiety for public justice , or the maintenance of a free election , but to personal resentment.—After a few words from lord Howick , Mr. Rose , Mr. Asheton Smith , and Mr. Herbert , the house divided , when there appeared , For the motion 57 Against it 184 Majority against the motion ——127 List of the Minority . Baker , W. Huntley , lord , Barne , S. Jeffrey , J . Beach , H. Jenkinson , C. Biddulph , M. Joddrell , H. Bourne , W. Sturges Johnstone , G. Brodrick , hon . W. Knatchbull , sir E. Brook , lord Kynaston , P. Bruce , lord Lethbridge , T. B. Burrell