lord Howick , lord H. Petty , and Mr. Bennet , one of the parties interested in the petition , took a part , and concurred in the propriety of the speaker 's objections ; Mr. Bennet observing , that the proposed delay would interfere with the assize . Mr. Johnstone then proposed 236 the 5th of February ; but , after a few remarks from the speaker and lord H. Petty , the hon . gent . withdrew his motion , and the 3d of February was fixed for the consideration of this petition.—A petition from certain electors of Norfolk ; in the interest of Mr. Wodehouse , was laid on the table . This petition was read . It charged the candidates who were returned , Messrs. Coke and Windham , with having been guilty of treating , & c. Ordered to be taken into consideration on the 5th of February.—Lord Howick , adverting to what he had stated on a former day relative to the means of facilitating the progress of private bills , observed , that he had since consulted with those who were competent to form a correct opinion upon that subject , and that he should the next day move , that the house do make an order that , after fixing the time within which private petitions should be presented , the house should occupy itself until half after four o'clock each day in receiving the reports of private committees , and in forwarding private business . Mr. T. Grenville moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee of supply . Upon the speaker 's leaving the chair , there was a general cry of `` Mr. Hobhouse to the chair ! '' That hon . gent . accordingly took his seat at the table , and is therefore considered as chairman of the committees of supply and ways and means . ( first lord of the admiralty ) then rose . He said , that from the situation which he now held , it became his duty to submit to the consideration of the committee the necessary Naval Supplies proposed to be granted to his majesty . There being no particular circumstances in the Estimates which he deemed necessary to lay before the committee , that differed from those of the preceding year , he did not deem it necessary to detain the committee with any preliminary observations . He should confine himself entirely to stating , that what he had to propose to the house , as to the number of men to serve in his majesty 's navy , and the expence attending them , was precisely the same as had been voted last year . But although he declined making any observations at present , he should of course avail himself of his right to reply to any remarks that might be offered upon this subject . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving the following resolutions , which were agreed 237 to ; viz . 1 . `` That it is the opinion of this committee , that 120,000 men be employed for the sea service for the year 1807 , including 29,000 royal marines . 2 . That a sum , not exceeding 2,886,000l. , be granted to his majesty , for wages of the said 120,000 men for 13 months , at the rate of 1l . 17s . per man per month . 3 . That a sum , not exceeding 2,964,000l. , be granted to his majesty , for victuals for the said 120,000 men for 13 months , at the rate of 1l . 18s . per man per month . 4 . That a sum , not exceeding 4,680,000l. , be granted to his majesty , for the wear and tear of the ships in which the said 120,000 men are to serve , for 13 months , at the rate of 3l . per man per month . 5 . That a sum , not exceeding 390,000l. , be granted to his majesty , for ordnance for sea service on board the ships in which the