been the first to support them . I could allude to many illustrious instances , when high and distinguished characters , unhappily now no more , have shewn that those written records , and parliamentary usages , are the best bulwarks of our rights , and constitute that impartial law , which , like the forms of the constitution itself , conciliates liberty with order , and , from an apparent discordancy of parts , produces an harmony of the whole . The talents requisite for a due discharge of the arduous duties of a speaker of the house of commons are not of an ordinary description . It is necessary that he who is invested with that high office , should possess an impartiality that secures confidence , a dignity that commands respect , and a temper and affability that disarm contention . These qualities are , however , only the concomitants of others equally important ; a sound judgment , a cultivated understanding , a knowledge not merely of parliamentary forms , but of mankind and the world , are indispensable to the constitution of the authority of the speaker of this house . To a person possessed of these qualifications the house can not but be disposed to entrust the full exercise of their power , because they must be assured that they will be exerted for the general good . The object of their choice will derive from that power the means of relaxing , where occasion demands , the severity and strictness of their rules and orders.—Having thus , sir , described , however imperfectly , some of the requisites of the speaker of this house , I am aware of some others which ought to be possessed by the person who should fill that chair , and I should scarcely venture to propose any gentleman to a situation which requires so many qualities to fulfil it , on any impressions , or on any judgment of my own ; 5 but I am confident the house will go before me on this occasion . [ Hear ! hear ! ] It will be disposed to select for the chair a person rather from experience of the past , than from the recommendation of any individual . If , sir , the sight of that chair reminds me of the duties attached to , and the requisites to fill it , I am persuaded it will call to the recollection of the house the manner in which it has been filled . The difficulty under which I labour , consists not in the apprehension of what will be the collected sense of the house . In detailing the duties of a Speaker , and in proposing Mr. Abbot as a fit person to fulfil them— [ a general cry of hear ! hear ! ] the difficulty I feel , consists not in my apprehensions of an uniformity of opinion , but in the recollection of the very superior manner in which that right hon . gent . was proposed and supported in a former instance , by a learned gent . ( sir William Scott ) whom I do not now see in his place . But , I console myself with the reflection , that the experience of Mr. Abbot 's public character , and the general extension of that wisdom and knowledge he has evinced from his first taking his seat , make it less difficult for the house to dispense with ability on the part of the person who again proposes him . I am the less anxious concerning my own deficiency , in the manner I have stated the duties of the situation of speaker , because I am convinced the house will refer to the high character of the gentleman I have proposed , and give me credit for having passed by many topics of eulogium to which he has a just claim . I am not only conscious that the conduct of the right hon . gent . I have named , justifies much higher panegyric than I have passed upon him ; but l am free to