VOLUNTEERS.—Very difficult to form any Estimate of ; I will suppose so very small an amount as300,000 Barrack Establishment , & c. Charge43,718,000 INCOME . Produce of Taxes stated by Lord H. Petty at 32,000,000l . I will state at33,000,000 Land Tax unredeemed , and Tax on Pensions1,400,000 Malt550,000 Lottery450,000 Imprests100,000 Income35,500,000 Deficiency8,218,000 This statement leaves a deficiency of more than 8 millions . Will not the providing for that on a peace ( if nothing shall be 812 done towards it in mean time ) furnish sufficient employment for the wisest application of any means without the additional task being imposed on us of finding substitutes for taxes we are now about to appropriate ? Sir , exclusively of the mistakes and oversights already noticed , there is still one more which must have a considerable influence on the plan before us ; I mean estimating the future war expenditure so low as 38,677,000l . or that of 1806 , to which sum it is reduced by excluding subsidies to the amount of 1,500,000l and the sum requisite for the Loyalty Loan , as if there had not been in almost every year of war extra expences beyond those sums ; such charges will be found to have amounted in an average of the last twelve years to 2,744,000l . ; on an average of the last seven years to 3,934,000l . ; and in the last year to 5,188,000l . The noble lord wiil hardly tell us that a determination has been taken to give no more subsidies to princes on the continent , however tempting the occasion may be , notwithstanding the communication made to the French minister in the late Negociation , of the opinion entertained by our ministers of the rashness and folly of further coalition to reduce the power of France . A moderate and reasonable allowance for unforeseen expences will unavoidably increase the Supplementary Loans , and will compel necessarily the imposing taxes to a considerably larger amount than the noble lord has led us to expect . If on the degree of consideration we are allowed time for all the circumstances I have alluded to , it shall be thought expedient to decide now on pledging a part of the War Taxes , let gentlemen weigh well in their minds , whether , reflecting on all the disadvantages and objections I have stated to the collection of those under the management of the Customs and Excise , it may not be desirable rather to avail ourselves of the Income Tax to a limited amount . I am aware of the unpopularity of that ; notwithstanding which , under all the disadvantage of offering suggestions to government , I am willing to take a full share of ; for I sincerely believe that every man who spends a reasonable part of his income , will , at the end of the year , pay less in that shape than by any taxes on consumption . My entreaty to the noble lord however is , not that he will relinquish his plan , nor even that he will at present make any alteration in the detail of it ; I beseech him only to limit the experi- 813 ment to the present year ; it will answer all his purposes completely and effectually , and will afford him and his majesty 's other ministers opportunity to consider it more fully themselves , and to advise with others , as well as to the public to understand it better than they do now . With that entreaty I shall close what I mean to trouble the committee with ; observing only , that I am persuaded what is well intended by the noble lord as a relief to the people at present , will prove out of all proportion more mischievous to the permanent prosperity of the country . My anxiety for her prosperity is undiminished , which can not be felt more warmly by the noble lord or by his friends at the treasury , than it is by me . Lord Henry Petty said , he should have felt , considerable reluctance in