upon which we ought to treat with France , was that of actual possession . We had made several valuable conquests by means of our maritime superiority , whilst France had made great and extensive conquests on the continent . Those conquests 262 were , however , of a description totally distinct , and could not be exchanged with any prospect of advantage to either country . This country being a great maritime and colonial power , and France a great continental power , there could be no reciprocity of cession between the two powers , which could in any degree tend to their mutual advantage . The conquests made by this country could be of no use to France , unless she could become a great commercial and colonial power : the conquests made by France could be of no use to this country , unless she could become a great continental power . Thus , the state of actual possession appeared to me to be the only true basis of negociation between this country and France , the only basis upon which peace ought to be established , under the circumstances in which that negociation took place , the only basis on which it could rationally be founded , viewing the relative situation of the two countries , regarding also the situation of Europe , and the slender prospect of a peace concluded under such circumstances , producing any considerable interval of tranquillity , and for the attainment of which , therefore , no valuable sacrifices ought to be made by this country , because they could not ensure to us safety against the immediate renewal of the war . This was , therefore , the basis which I thought the only one which ought to be the foundation of a treaty of peace between this country and France , if such a treaty was to be attained , and this also was the opinion of those with whom I had the honour to act , amongst whom and myself the greatest and most perfect unanimity prevailed , previous to , and from the moment of , the commencement of the negociation to its close . During the whole procedure of that negociation , from the hour it began till the moment of its breaking off , we had but one opinion upon the subject , and unanimously concurred in all the steps taken during its progress . I have already observed that the state of actual possession was the only basis which appeared to his majesty 's ministers to be the fit and proper basis for our negociation with France . It will not , however , be supposed , that a negociation upon the basis of actual possession , was to exclude a discussion of equivalents to be given for certain cessions to be agreed upon . This is necessarily included in a negociation , taking for its basis the state of actual possession , inasmuch as it naturally arises out of the relations of 263 states , which come to be discussed in the progress of such a negociation . This too is the more necessary where a negociation involves the interests of allies , the procuring for whom of advantages , of course gives rise to a discussion as to the equivalents to be given , or the sacrifices to be made by the powers negociating , to procure advantageous cessions for their respective allies . My lords , when his majesty 's present ministers came into office , they found a treaty concluded by their predecessors with Russia , in which each party bound itself not to conclude peace , without the consent of the other . I am not about to question the wisdom of such a treaty ; on the contrary , I think it a wise measure . I am decidedly of opinion , that if what remains of Europe is to be maintained , if Europe is to be recovered , as I trust it will be recovered , it can only be by a firm bond of union , a strict alliance between this country and the powers