ought to ground the vote , not on the estimate , but on the effective . Upon reference to the estimates , the gross number of men was 334,180 . From this was to be deducted the number of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and privates , who amounted , in the proportion of about one-eighth , to about 41,095 , leaving 293,400 . This was the estimate of establishment ; but , looking to the effective , there was a further deduction to be made for a deficiency of 37,000 , which would reduce the actual force to 260,555 . He was always desirous to vote supplies to the full extent in which they could be made use of for the benefit of the country ; but he thought it too much to ask funds for 37,000 men , who were not in existence , nor likely to be so . If his majesty 's ministers could shew any probability that in any part of the year these 37,000 men would be in service , he would readily grant the vote ; but , if there were no prospect of that , though he held it to be the duty of the house to grant the fullest supplies that could be made use of for the benefit of the country , he could not in any case think it warrantable to grant a supply of this amount , without any prospect that it would be used . The total absence of ground for the demand was enough to render it indispensable with him to refuse the grant , however unwilling he was to do so . It was the duty of ministers to adopt measures calculated to carry the effective strength of the army to the height at which it ought to be ; for in all the discussions this subject had undergone , in all the diversity of opinions as to the means , this one principle , at least , was universally agreed upon , that the effective strength of the regular army ought to be carried considerably beyond its present amount . Nothing had occurred since the agitation of military subjects in that house , in March last , to induce any wish to diminish the force of the country . If our operations could not be directed towards the Continent , our troops might be employed in maritime attacks . It was true , that in March last the French armies were on the borders of Hungary , and that now they were on the banks of 483 the Vistula ; but this was not a circumstance which should lead us to be remiss in our exertions . If the internal security of the country were a matter of concern to the right hon . gent . opposite , ( and that right hon . gent . had formerly expressed himself very gloomily on that subject , ) he wished him to consider in what situation Great Britain might be placed , if the French emperor , having obtained his object in Poland , was enabled , either by peace or by war , to liberate his army from that country . Prussia had been moved from the military map of Europe.—The power of the enemy would envelope us from the Baltic to the extremity of Europe . If , therefore , at the period to which he had alluded , the right hon . gent . agreed that great exertions were necessary , every thing that had since happened , every thing that was now happening , should prompt him to increase those exertions . To what had the late ministers pledged themselves on this subject ? Not merely to a general augmentation of our military strength ; they had specifically stated the manner in which that strength should be effectually increased . When he had himself declared it necessary ( at the time when he had the honour of a seat on the opposite bench ) to add 20 or 25 thousand men to our army , the right hon . gent . ran before him on that subject . And when that right