. Such an indication of mind and feeling must afford gratification to any reflecting man , and diffuse the most salutary lessons throughout the country ; must shew to the people , that their legislators , and especially the higher order of their youth , were for–ward to assert the rights of the weak against the strong ; to vindicate the cause of the oppressed ; and that where a practice was found to prevail , inconsistent with huma–nity and justice , no consideration of profit could reconcile them to its continuance . The generous and humane principles which had been that day unfolded , were worthy of a British parliament to teach , and of a British people to learn in explanation , stated , that the instances of oppression and cru–elty which he had cited , had taken place in Carolina , when under the government of this country was convinced that the abolition of the African slave trade would not be attended with the injury apprehended to the West-India planters . The negro population of our colonies would , he was sure , be kept up without it . He had no estate in the British colonies . But in the Danish island of Santa Cruz he had an estate ; and there his Danish majesty , by 995 an edict in 1783 , put an end to the impor–tation of slaves , after the lapse of ten years ; and ever since then the negro population required no aid from African importation could only be induced to assent to the measure upon one principle , namely that of the modification proposed to be introduced in the commit–tee by his right hon . relation ( Mr. Ba–thurst ) , for postponing to a more distant pe–riod the final abolition , and for a gradual progress in the measure suggested , that a principle which he should wish to introduce into the bill , towards the final emancipation of the negroes , would be to declare every ne–gro child free , who shall be born in his majesty 's dominions after the 1st of January , 1810.—The question was now loudly called for , and the house divided . Ayes 283 , noes 16 , majority 267 . The house then resolved itself into a com–mittee pro formâ , and at half-past four adjourned The following is a list of the committee appointed to take into consideration the petition complaining of an undue return for the county of Mayo : J. Woolmore , A. H. Holdsworth , W. E. Lockhart , hon.G . Elliott , hon . C. H. Butler , hon . T. C. Onslow , P. C. Bruce , C. Leigh , J. D. Porcher , G. Skene , T. D Drake , lord R. S. Fitzgerald , T. Tyrwhitt ; nominees , hon . J. Butler , hon . T. Knox.—On the motion of lord Temple , the house resolved itself into a committee on the South Sea Trade bill . Counsel being declared to be in attendance on the part of the South Sea company , Mr. Cripps moved that they be called in . This produced a long discussion . On the one hand , it was contended by lord Temple Mr. Jacobs , Mr. Corry , Mr. Courtenay and Mr. C. Wynne , that no case had been made out to prove the necessity of the delay , which the hearing of counsel Must occasion . The petition from the South Sea company did not state , that they sustained any injury from the bill . Without a clear proof of injury could be shewn , they were not entitled to be heard by counsel . Their charter had been granted to them with this express limitation , that they should trade to the possessions of the king of Spain alone , as was demonstrated by the exceptions in that charter . One million and a half of 996 British property was at stake , the security of which depended on passing the bill with promptitude ; for if any of the valuable ships that had been freighted to Buenos Ayres should