myself upon your attention . It was not until the last question now in your hand , was about to be put and decided , that I could believe it to be the determination of his majesty 's ministers to suffer such a speech as we have just heard from the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr Whitbread ) to remain unanswered ; to suffer their own conduct in a transaction so momentous as that which we are this night considering , to go forth to the world under the imputations of their enemies abroad , and the inculpation of their friends at home , without an attempt to set themselves right 374 in public opinion.—A complete vindication I did not expect from them , because there are some particulars in their conduct of the negociation , with respect to which the hon . gent . has accused them but too justly : but as to the general result of the negociation itself , they have a case which I think they can maintain ; and which they owed it to themselves , to this house , and to the country , not to abandon in dumb despair , without an attempt to defend it against an attack so powerful , and coming from a quarter from which I think they must feel that attack with more than common severity.—If , indeed , the speech which has just been delivered had come from this side of the house , I could imagine that the ministers might have passed it over in silence ; that they might have considered the charge of not having done enough towards making peace , directed by us against them , as one which they could safely leave unnoticed ; as one to which we could not be supposed to have thought them seriously liable . I freely acknowledge that my suspicions of their conduct in the negociation were pointed quite another way.—But coming from one of their own body , from a friend and champion of their former politics , himself still apparently maintaining opinions which they—which the noble lord ( Howick ) especially , —has ( much to his own credit , and to the advantage of his country ) relinquished ; opinions which have dictated so many motions in this house for peace and for negociation in the course of the last 12 years ; many of them made by the noble lord himself , and all of them supported by him , and by the hon . gent . under circumstances much more unfavourable than those under which the late negociation has terminated ; coming , I say , from such a quarter , and urged not only with so much ability , but with such peculiar force , from long personal and political friendship , and from that former similarity of opinions , I do think the speech of the hon . gent . required an answer . And I should have thought also that the noble lord ( Howick ) himself would have sufficiently felt the pride and the comfort of the situation in which he now stands , the advocate for the justice of the cause of his country against France , not to have omitted an opportunity of vindicating that cause against the objections of his hon . friend.—Since , however , neither the noble lord himself , nor any of his colleagues , have thought it worth their while to endeavour 375 to counteract the impression which the hon . gent . 's speech is calculated to produce , I feel myself obliged ( though very reluctantly at this moment ) to state my opinion upon the question now before the house . I feel myself the more especially bound to do so , because agreeing with the hon . gent . in many of the premises which he has laid down , I am proportionably the more anxious to disclaim agreeing with him in his conclusions . I am anxious to repeat what I have before said upon this subject , that however the negociation may have been mis-managed , it has not , it