. Their interference in it increased in proportion as our maritime superiority grew on the destruction of the marine of the enemy . In times when maritime power was nearly ba- 637 lanced , every country carried on this trade in its own bottoms by means of convoys . It was thus carried on in time of peace . The restriction now imposed , while it would be very annoying to the enemy , would still allow to neutrals a gainful commerce , by making their ports the entrepôts between one enemy 's port and another . It was honourable to us as a great nation , that in proportion as the enemy was violent , we were moderate . Our moderation would be , besides the means of procuring us the supplies of the articles we wanted from the enemy , and of introducing our commodities among them . He would ask , whether the intervention of neutrals would not afford a great facility to what Buonaparte was most hostile to , the introduction of British goods into the countries under his controul , and our obtaining from those countries the supplies we wanted from them . The commerce from port to port , in a line of coast extending from the Elbe to Venice , with the exception of Portugal , could not be carried on by small craft , creeping along shore under the protection of batteries . Small craft could not creep from Amsterdam to Bourdeaux , from Bourdeaux to Barcelona , from thence to Leghorn , and from Leghorn to Venice . The number of vessels employed under the system of neutralization in this extent was very great , and the trade itself was of vital importance to France ; and was it to be contended , that the application of our maritime superiority to the prevention of this trade on so vast a line of coast , was a measure that would be attended with no effect , at a time when our cruizers were so numerous on every station , that no ship could move without the greatest risk of being captured ? The learned gent . then adverted to the opinion of an hon . and learned friend ( sir W. Scott ) who presided over the admiralty court , relative to the importance and extent of the coasting trade . This was an authority which the house would look to with respect . The opinion had been stated by that learned gent . in giving judgement in a cause tried before him , and the coasting trade was represented by him as one of the greatest accommodations to any country . Some conception might be formed of the importance of it , if gentlemen would suppose France to be possessed of the same naval superiority , which this country at present had , and that the coals of Newcastle were to be brought to the port of London , and every other necessary for the consumption of 638 this great metropolis , in neutral vessels . His hon . and learned friend , therefore , was not correct in stating that the interruption of the coasting trade would be no great injury to France , or that the order of council for that purpose signified nothing . That order was but one step , and an important step , of those that would , if necessary , be resorted to for retaliation . From the manner in which this subject had been treated , it might be supposed that no such measure as that of the enemy had ever been resorted to before . But in the administration of that illustrious statesman , now no more , ( Mr. Pitt ) and whose loss he regretted as much as any member of that house , much more rigorous measures had been resorted to by the enemy than the present . In the year 1797 , after the French had made peace with Austria , and the army , which had been arrogantly called the Army of England , had been collected at Brest , with a view to turn their whole