adhere to Russia was not only your avowed policy , but your bounden duty ; and whatever might be her wish , France could now less than ever entertain the hope that she should be able to effect the separation . The uti possidetis is mentioned in this dispatch as the basis on which his majesty had originally intended to treat ; and as the basis to which he still adheres : but the tone in which it is mentioned , is very different from that in which it had ever been talked of since lord Lauderdale 's first arrival at Paris . Its previous recognition is no longer made an indispensable preliminary to negociation ; and indeed how should it , when in the same dispatch we are informed that in the outset of the negociation every effort had been made by England to obtain the restitution of Naples to the king of the two Sicilies ? Further , it is recognized that in the original instructions to lord Yarmouth , Sicily , was a sine quâ non condition ; and , sir , I again repeat and maintain , that it was the only sine quâ non insisted upon , or even mentioned by Mr. Fox in his dispatch of the 26th of June ; the last he ever wrote . This alteration indeed now appears to have taken place ; that whereas at the solicitation of the Russian minister , compensation for Sicily had been admitted as possible ; the views of Russia had been ascertained on that point , and Sicily itself was again become not only essential , but indispensable to any arrangements for peace , with both the allied powers.—Sir , I contend that a new turn was now given to the negociation , and that this dispatch was calculated to effect that which ought to 360 have been effected in the very outset ; and accordingly by lord Lauderdale 's answer , which is dated on the 18th of Sept. ( No . 49. p. 184 ) we find that he had at length come to the discussion of terms . A conference with M. Talleyrand is there detailed , in which it appears not Only that `` if the difficulties in respect of form could `` be got over , that he did not think any `` material objections to terms would oc '' cur , but that the interests of Russia `` might be treated for by lord Lauderdale `` himself , '' waving all formalities on the subject ; and thereby removing the only difficulty which had occurred to Mr. Fox in his early correspondence with M. Talleyrand against an immediate and avowed negociation.—Sir , the difficulty of the basis of actual possession was removed : but the French minister was given to understand that there would be a rigid adherence to the terms which had been communicated to him both for England and Russia . Sir , on that I shall , for the present , make no observations ; but I must remark that the note presented by lord Lauderdale to M. Talleyrand , dated Sept. 13th , ( p. 186 ) preparatory to this conference , fully bears out the argument I have founded on the dispatch of Mr. Windham , and lord Lauderdale 's answer to that dispatch . Would to God , sir , that at the first arrival of the English plenipotentiary at Paris , he had been instructed to hold such a conference as the one just observed upon ! Then there was time to have discussed , considered , referred , conciliated , and agreed . Events were now pressing forward which cut off the possibility of further communication , which extinguished all hope of softening acrimonious feelings , of reconciling opposite and jarring interests , and finally restoring tranquillity to the world . And why not then as well as now ? if the previous recognition of an abstract principle was necessary then , why was it abandoned now ? and if abandoned now , why had any stress been laid upon it at all ? In a former part of