and in the year 1826 , the amount of the debt would exceed the aggregate of his Sinking Fund by 6 millions . The Stockholder would prefer a Sinking Fund of 11 millions , and a loan of 12 millions , to a Sinking Fund of 26 millions , and a loan of 32 millions , which would create a capital of from 50 to 60 millions . However the noble lord might mask his principles under the machinery of this bill , the machinery was calculated to take the money out of the pockets of the country , and to dilapidate its resources—He had thought it his duty to submit his views on this subject to the house , not with any intention of derogating from the merit of the noble lord 's plan , for he felt a sincere respect for that noble lord , and he felt the reverse of any wish to detract from the value of his proposition . But though he had explained at some length his objections to the plan of the noble lord , he was still anxious to submit them in a more precise form to the house , in the shape of Resolutions . He had as high an opinion of the resources of the country as the noble lord ; and he was happy to receive from the noble lord on a former night , his liberal testimony , not only to the extent of the resources of the country , but to the transcendent merits of the great statesman who had laid the foundation of the system which had been so strongly fortified by the vigorous financial measures adopted by the noble lord last session , as well as by the efficient operation of the measures instituted by a noble member of another house ( lord Sidmouth ) at the conclusion of the late war , and at the commencement of the present . With this system the brightest hopes , and best future prospects of the country were intimately connected . He had said in a former session , that , as far as a powerful navy , a powerful army , though not so powerful as under better and wiser regulations it might have been ; and as far as legitimate , steady , and unbounded resources were concerned , no country had ever been handed over by any ministers to their successors in a more triumphant situation than this country at the late change . Whatever might be the want of authenticity in the statement , as coming from him , he had met with a considerable personal rebuke . But he had to express his gratitude to the noble lord for bearing out all his statements , 738 which were rather below than over the truth . If he had then stated what the noble lord did now , that the war might be carried on by the system of double loans without any great increase of the public burthens , he might have been open to animadversion , but certainly his nerves were not equal to that statement . He had then only to submit his Resolutions to the house , which he hoped they would receive with the same indulgence with which they had heard him . He offered them rather as his objections to the system of the noble lord , than as principles upon which he should be disposed to found any system . If they were incorrect , the noble lord would be able to expose the fallacy of them.—Tbe noble lord then concluded with moving his first Resolution , proposing that the debate should be adjourned to Monday next.—The following is a copy of the said Resolutions . did not feel it necessary to say more than a few words on the present occasion , because it was neither desirable for the house nor for himself that he should follow the noble lord through his very able seeech , and the clear view he had given of his objections to the New Financial System that had been submitted to the house on a former night . It was