if there had been nothing else to object to . But the petition insisted that the house should proceed with severity , with regard to one against whom nothing had been proved . If the petition could not , in point of form , be withdrawn , then , supposing it to be rejected , the petitioners had full time to present a fresh petition on Monday . This they would do if they were really in earnest , and only wished for justice . If they did not do this , then it would be clear that they were not in pursuit of justice , but only intended to insult the house . said there was nothing in point of form which would prevent the withdrawing of the petition . stated , that the petition had been put into his hands , and that he had promised to present it , without having looked at it immediately . He had some doubts after reading it , but having shewn it to some friends of his , members of the house , he had been told by them that it would not be improper to present it . As to that part which related to the proceeding of the house , it was rather a narrative than an accusation . The would insist and demand had been caught at in rather an extraordinary way . All that the petitioners insisted upon and demanded was , that the house should , act upon its own orders . This was the way in which he understood them . The evidence he knew nothing of ; but he was not prepared to view the petition in that offensive light in which it appeared to some ; and therefore did not feel satisfied that he ought to withdraw it , or confess that he was liable to the imputation of carelessness thrown out against him . put it earnestly to the hon . gent . whether it would not be adviseable to withdraw the petition , as by such a prudent proceeding , extremes upon either side would be avoided , the dignity of the house would not be compromised , and the right of petition would not be intrenched upon . He could not agree with the hon . mover , that the words demand and insist , were merely used as urging the necessary consequences in a clear deduction ; for what man , for instance , ever similarly applied such words as to insist and demand that two and two made four ? Did Euclid , he asked , ever insist and demand that the three angles of a triangle were equal to two right ones ? He besought the hon . member to relieve the embarrassment of the house by withdrawing the petition . did not think that the petition , being once presented , could be well withdrawn . He thought the words objected to were not of such moment , and believed that they were to be imputed to ignorance or inadvertence . was for rejecting the petition . No man was more a friend to the subject 's undoubted right of petition than he was ; but he was also a friend to the cause of that house 's dignity and honour . In rejecting the petition , he thought he not only consulted the respect of that house , but the dignity of the great body that created it . The people suffered from any insult cast upon its representative body , and no portion of constituents should be allowed to violate the common forms of decency and decorum due from all constituents to the commons house of parliament . did not think it quite fair that an opinion hazarded by him in private , upon a casual glance of the petition , should be adduced as an authority in that house ; he should not , however , shrink in public from any opinion he had maintained in private ; he did not think the words of the petition so objectionable : the words alarm and regret , in its commencement , were by no