—Sir , I think I need not detain the house by adding much to the argument here so conclusively stated ; but supposing an act to have passed , which should direct that in each parish or district no more should be raised for the relief of its poor than what had been raised in the year preceding ; that that sum should have been necessarily and unavoidably expended in ten months , or upon a certain given number of paupers ; all other cases of distress which might arise after that period , must be totally neglected ; and yet it would be difficult to distinguish between the right to relief possessed by those who should have received it before the fund was exhausted , and those who might make application for relief after it was gone.—Besides , sir , instances might occur wherein the obedience 872 to such a statute might be productive of the most terrible mischief . I have myself witnessed such an instance . It was the case of a parish afflicted with a contagious fever ; wherein , if it had not been possible to have raised a sum of money equal to the exigency of the case ; not only the inhabitants of that parish would have been almost exterminated , but the scourge itself must have spread throughout the whole of the adjacent district . In short , sir , if legal relief be allowed at all , it appears to me , as well as to both the writers quoted , that it must be made co-extensive with the necessity to which it is to be applied.—The next plan we have to consider is Mr. Malthus 's own : `` He proposes a regulation to be made , declaring that no child born from any marriage taking place after the expiration of a year from the date of the law ; and no illegitimate child born two years from the same date , should ever be entitled to parish assistance . '' [ vol . ii . p . 396 . ] It is unnecessary to state the details wherein he gives an account of the method whereby he would have such a law promulgated . By this measure the poor-laws would absolutely cease , after the expiration of a very short period , as to the rising generation , But putting all other considerations aside , what a scene of confusion would ensue during the interval which must elapse , till the present generation should have all passed away , and the condition of all your people should have become the same . Divided as they would be into two distinct classes , the one possessing a claim upon you , the other none ; what end would there be to their discontent , jealousies , and quarrel ! what jarring , wrangling , and conflict ! what difficulties of proof and discrimination in the first instance , and what harshness and severity in the second after proof should have been obtained ! —Sir , I am perfectly certain , that if the legislature could be induced to pass a law pregnant with such cruelty , within two years after the commencement of its operation it must be repealed . Neither of these plans then , in my estimation , hold out any rational prospect of success towards the gradual abolition of the poor-laws.—But , sir , supposing any plan for that purpose to be adopted , we must , before we venture upon it , anticipate its consequences ; and in order to enable us to do so , we must look a little back into our history , and see what was the condition of society before the 873 enactment of any law at all for the relief of the poor . Sir , we shall find that as the feudal system passed away , and the villein ceased to look up to , and depend upon his lord for support , poor began to be known : and there being no legal provision for their support , they obtained alms in the character of beggars . Mendicity