of Accounts , & c. A Message was sent to the house by the house of lords , announcing that their lordships had passed a bill , entitled , An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade , and to which they desired the concurrence of the house ; the bill being laid upon the table , rose and moved , that this Bill be read a first time ; upon which in a maiden speech , said , that he could not suffer a measure of such great and critical importance to pass even over this stage without remark : although in seeking to impress upon the house the duty of giving to it the most calm and solemn deliberation , he should be careful to abstain from any argument concerning the principle or provisions of the bill , for which he knew there would be another and a fitter opportunity . It was a bill that , without question , put to risk our West India commerce , a most important resource of the empire , and of peculiar value at the present moment : nothing that had passed in another house of parliament ; nothing in the form of resolutions or opinions of a former parliament ; no popular sentiment out of doors , however assiduously and enthusiastically excited , ought to affect their deliberations . To this parliament , to which they were called , the question came unembarrassed and unprejudged , and to many of the members of that house its temperate discussion must be novel . They were not a commitium , a mere organ of the voice of the multitude , but a deliberate body , limited in their number that they might the better deliberate , bound to maintain the rights , and to consult the interests and the wishes of the people , but bound to decide as their consciences should dictate for the good of the whole , after full and free discussion . He trusted , therefore , that gentlemen would come to this subject with minds impressed with its importance , and open to its calm and dispassioned investigation . He was aware of the disadvantages he must encounter in contending with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) ; he could not for a moment pretend to ascend the heights on which the confidence of that house , due to the hon . gent 's talents and virtues , had entrenched him ; but if he would descend and fight this battle upon the level plain of fact 718 and experience , he , ( Mr. H. ) should feel it his duty to assume the courage to meet him , and to oppose at every step a measure which he believed in his heart to be grounded on a delusive promise of good which it never would accomplish , and to be pregnant with inevitable , immediate , and extensive mischief . agreed with the hon . gent . in the great importance of the present bill . It was indeed important in the highest degree , not merely to the cause of humanity and justice , but it was also highly important to the real interests of the West India merchants themselves . It certainly would never be argued in that house , that the West India Islands were not an important part of the British empire , and that their interests did not deserve the most serious consideration . When the bill should come seriously to be discussed , it would be considered not only on the ground of humanity , but also of sound policy , as it affected the West India Islands , and the general interests of the empire . He , therefore , wished as much as any man , that this important subject should be considered with calmness and due deliberation . The hon . gent . had spoken of pains taken to raise a popular clamour against the Slave Trade : he , however , knew of no such practices . He knew , indeed , that there had been a most laudable and persevering