, to move that it be printed , and the second reading fixed for this day three weeks.—The house having resumed , the report was received , and the chairman obtained leave to bring in the bill moved for by the lord advocate . On the motion of lord Henry Petty the house resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of granting relief to the West India Trade , Mr. Hobhouse in the chair . stated to the committee , that as the subject which he was about to bring under their consideration , was so generally known , and the principles upon which the measures he proposed to adopt were grounded were so obvious , that it would be necessary for him to trouble the committee with a very few words indeed . The great stock of sugar on hand , arising partly from the situation of the continent , and partly from other circumstances , called for legislative interference , and the house he was sure , would take the necessary measures for that purpose . The object of the resolutions he had to propose was , to encourage the exportation of sugars , and the consumption of rum . The first he proposed to do by allowing bounties , and permitting sugars , which might be taken out of the warehouses for home consumption , to be returned to the warehouses for exportation , with proper provisions to prevent their being taken out again for home consumption , without paying the necessary duties . This regulation would have the effect of inducing foreigners to make this country the depot for the supply of the continent . The other object was to be effected by laying an additional duty on brandy . This was the article of regulation 841 to which he had alluded in opening the ways and means for the year ; and he trusted the house would agree in the propriety of adopting it . Upon all due consideration of the subject , it appeared , that brandies would bear an addition of 2s . 6d . per gallon on all brandies imported for home consumption , and of ls . per gallon on brandies imported for re-exportation . The noble lord moved the following resolutions : `` That a bounty of ten shillings per cwt . be allowed on the exportation of all double-refined sugar , over and above the allowances now made on the exportation of refined sugars . That a bounty of two shillings per cwt . be allowed on the exportation of all raw and muscovado sugars , under the price of forty shillings per cwt . ; and of one shilling per cwt . on all raw and muscovado sugars , of between forty and forty-five shillings per cwt . ; whenever it shall appear by the notices in the London Gazette that the average prices for the antecedent quarter have been of the respective amounts stated . That an additional duty of two shillings and sixpence per gallon shall be imposed on brandy or foreign spirits , imported for home consumption : and of one shilling per gallon on all brandies imported for the purpose of re-exportation . '' The resolutions were agreed to , and the report was ordered to received to-morrow . A new writ was ordered for the county of Armagh , in the room of viscount Acheson , now earl of Gosford.— Sir Charles Price presented a petition from the governor and company of merchants trading to the South Seas and other parts of America and for encouraging the Fishery , 'taking notice of the bill for repealing so much of an act , made in the ninth year of queen Anne , as vests in the South Sea Company , or Corporation , by the said act erected , the sole and exclusive privilege of carrying on trade and traffick to and from any part whatsoever of South America , or in the South Seas , which now are , or may at any time hereafter be , in the possession of his majesty , his heirs , or