not the hopes of many gallant officers who already anticipated victory at the head of their brigades , disappointed , because the rank of a favourite of that right hon . gent . ( colonel Craufurd ) to whom he meant no disrespect , was not entitled to command them ? —He had before observed , that in the speech , all notice of war seemed studiously to have been passed over , and yet some debts of gratitude remained to be paid ; some acts of heroism had been displayed , which , had it been for no other purpose than to shew that the British army already possessed the character which the right hon . gent . only wished it did possess , might surely have been mentioned . To the records of parliament , the historian looked for his materials . It was cruel to deprive the hero of the honourable reward of his military achievements , and it was disgraceful that government should dislike to sprinkle over the gloom of despondency with some of those achievements . It was true , they might say , that these achievements were not of their planning ; but this was a period when party feelings should not withhold every glorious incitement to great actions . On these grounds , on the deficiency of that which ought to have been recorded in the speech , it was impossible for him to satisfy his feelings with the continuation of that omission in the address . The usual form in similar instances , had been to endeavour to render the answer to the speech a vehicle for such sentiments as it might be wished to add ; but the present speech was so contrived , that there was not a niche in which the additional sentiments of parliament could be properly placed , although many important points had been disregarded . There were many topics on which amendment to the address might be introduced , so many that he preferred substituting a new address altogether , leaving it to the option of the house which to adopt . He therefore proposed , by way of amendment , to omit the whole of the address 55 subsequent to the words `` his majesty 's commons , '' and to introduce the following : — '' To assure his majesty that it is with increased affection , attachment , and loyalty , that his majesty 's faithful commons meet his majesty in this ninth parliament of his majesty 's assembling . And that amidst all those evils and pressures of war , and those tremendous and unparalleled successes of a formidable and unrelenting enemy , which render the present crisis peculiarly awful and alarming , the first and most fervent prayer of his majesty 's faithful commons is , that it may please Divine Providence to grant to this favoured country the prolongation of a life and of a reign , the value and the blessings of which , each succeeding year teaches us more highly to appreciate.—And to express to his majesty our unshaken determination to stand by his majesty throughout all the difficulties and dangers of the times ; in defence of the laws and liberties of this realm ; in defence of his majesty 's sacred person and government ; and of a throne endeared to all classes of his majesty 's subjects by the virtues of the sovereign who adorns it.—To offer to his majesty our humble and affectionate condolence on that share of the public calamities of Europe which has come home to the personal and domestic feelings of his majesty and his royal family , by the death of that gallant and illustrious prince the late duke of Brunswick , a prince connected by such near alliances with his majesty 's royal house , and with the throne of these kingdoms.—That while we most sensibly participate in the deep and poignant grief with which his majesty contemplates the issue of the late campaign on the continent , we studiously abstain from suggesting to his majesty , as a topic of consolation , what we well know his majesty