found to require . In the present situation of affairs , the circumstances of the continental nations must necessarily bear hard on many branches of commerce , but on none more heavily than upon our West-India trade . It was ascertained that there were at present in the port of London alone , between 80 and 239 90,000 hogsheads of Sugar upon hand . The quantity in the same situation in the out-ports was proportionably great : so that the Sugars on hand in the whole of England amounted to 150 or 160,000 hogsheads . This statement alone would be sufficient to convince the house of the propriety of taking some measures for the relief of so important a branch of the national commerce . It might not be amiss here to state , that it was not in contemplation to submit any proposition for the introduction of sugar and molasses into breweries and distilleries , to the exclusion of grain . The object was to allow the use of them upon principles of fair competition , not of exclusion . All the parties too , whose interests might be concerned , whether brewers , distillers , or others , would have an opportunity of making out their cases before the committee . Having premised thus much , the noble lord concluded by moving , `` That a committee be appointed to consider of the expediency of permitting the use of Sugar and Molasses in the Distillery and Brewery , for a time to be limited , under the circumstances now affecting the trade of the British colonies in the West Indies ; and to report the same , with their observations and opinions thereon , to the house . '' expressed an earnest wish , that this important subject should not be hastily decided upon , but that sufficient time should be afforded for a mature consideration of all the great interests connected with it . was disposed to afford all the parties whose interests might be concerned , a full opportunity of being heard , and it was with that view that he had adopted the mode he had just proposed , of appointing a committee before which all such parties might be heard . But from the circumstances he had stated , it would be obvious that some immediate relief was necessary , and that his object would he defeated by any considerable delay . hoped that those gentlemen who proposed to bring forward this measure , would consider well what effect it might have on the value of lands and the interests of agriculture in this country . He was aware that there might be many circumstances which would require of the legislature to attend particularly to particular branches of the property and trade of the country ; but he did hope that , in the 240 measure to be brought forward , no predilection would be shewn for any one class of landed proprietors . The committee which had sat last session , had thrown much light upon the subject , and he trusted , therefore , that the whole of the case would be attended to in the present instance . He had thought it necessary to say thus much , in order that the house should not be considered as pledged to the measure , from the circumstance of this early stage of the business passing without any observation upon it.—The committee was appointed accordingly . pursuant to notice , begged leave to call the attention of the house to the state of the Woollen Manufacture of the country , and of the laws relating to that important subject . A committee had been appointed last session to consider of the matter , and had taken a large mass of evidence upon every part of the case . It had been the intention of the gentlemen who promoted that enquiry , to follow up the investigation by some legislative measure , which might provide some remedy for all the inconveniences resulting from the operation of the statutes then in existence . The dissolution of parliament , however , by precluding the house from