to his majesty , thanking his majesty for his most gracious communication , and expressing the readiness of that house to concur in such measures as might be necessary to enable his majesty to make good the said sum.—Ordered . rose for the purpose of moving his Resolutions on Finance , pursuant to his former notice . He did not propose to enter into any detailed observations on his plan , till his calculations should be before the house , and should then content himself with shewing that a considerable saving would accrue from the adoption of his views , without any inconvenience whatever , The necessity stated by the noble lord ; on a former ocasion , of giving an advantage to the stockholder , by increasing the amount of the sinking fund , would be met by his plan . If it should be necessary to increase the sinking fund , that might be done at any time , and any to amount , by a loan , which would bring a large sum into the market , and keep up the price of stocks . If he could spew this , he should hope to 1071 ade the house to adopt his plan , and the ruinous consequences of that of noble lord . By his mode , he proposed to take advantage of the war taxes during the war , and to mortgage them only at the end of the war , and then to charge the war debt upon the war taxes . By this plan there would be a smaller amount of permanent debt , and a larger sinking fund created , than by the new one proposed by the noble lord . In this case , the supplementary loans would not be felt during the war , and the amount of the war loan would be but 11 millions annually , the interest of which he proposed to provide for in part out of the proceeds of the sinking fund . If the noble lord should , on looking into his calculations , think them worthy of his attention , he should be happy to furnish him with every information on the subject ; and he had no doubt that he could prove to him , that his own ideas could be better carried into effect by this , than by the new plan . The hon . baronet concluded with moving the following Resolutions : . `` That , in the New Plan of Finance , it is proposed to mortgage , during each year of war , a certain portion of the War Taxes , to provide for the payment of the Interest and Sinking Fund of part of the Loan , which shall be made in that year ; and also to provide what shall be further wanted for the Public Service by a Supplementary Loan . '' `` That , the War , Expenditure being stated at 32,000,000l. , it will be necessary , in addition to the War Taxes unpledged , to make Loans in the first year to the amount of 12,000,000l . in order to meet that expenditure , and Loans to a larger amount in each subsequent year . '' . `` That if no part of the War Taxes ere to be pledged , a Loan of 11,000,000l.annually would be sufficient for this purpose.—That the amount of the present nking Fund is 8,331,709l. , and therefore Annual Interest of a Loan to that amount might be provided , by appropriating for that purpose the Interest of Debt redeemed annually , without causing any diminution in the present amount of that Fund.—That the interest of 2,668,291l . Being the difference between the present amount of the Sinking Fund , and the sum of 11,000,000l. , with the usual Siniking , Fund of one per cent . upon the nominal capital , would be 177,886l . per annum , supposing the 3 per cents . to continue at 60 : and that if it should at any time be thought 1072 expedient to appropriate for the interest of such sum , viz . 2,668,291l. , a