present.—The motion was accordingly withdrawn . The house at its meeting , proceeded , pursuant to the order of the day , to a ballot for a committee , to try and determine the merits of the petition complaining of the election and return for the borough of Malden . The members returned upon the reduced list , and who were sworn as the committee , are the following : R. M. Phillips , esq . ; L. P. Jones , esq . ; hon . W. E. Eden ; W. Biddulph , esq . ; B . Hall , esq . ; W. L. Hughes , esq . ; lord Clive ; sir G. Heathcote ; hon . H. Caulfield ; lord Forbes R. Benyon , esq . ; J . 464 M'Donald , esq . ; sir W. Lemon ; nominees ; Hervey C. Combe , esq . ; John Simeon , esq.—Mr . J. Smith , having been returned for the town of Nottingham , and the borough of Midhurst , informed the house , that he had made his election to sit for Nottingham ; and a new writ was ordered for the borough of Midhurst , in the room of Mr. Smith . Another writ was also ordered for the borough of Midhurst , in the room of the right hon . W. Wickham , who having been returned for that borough , and Callington , had made his election to sit for Callington.—The adjourned debate , on the motion for enlarging the time for receiving recognizances , on the petition against the return of the right hon . H. Grattan , was resumed , on the motion of Mr. S. Bourne , and the time ordered to be enlarged to the 10th of February.—The Secretary at War presented , pursuant to orders of the house , an Account of the effective strength of his majesty 's regular militia forces ; also , an account of the number of men raised for the regular army in each month , since the 1st of Jan. 1805 , exclusive of foreign levies or colonial corps . On the motion that they be laid on the table , lord Castlereagh submitted to the right hon . gent . whether it would not be for the convenience of the house to defer the printing of these papers , until after the discussion of the Army Estimates to-morrow . The papers were then ordered to be laid on the table.—Mr . G. Johnstone adverted to a practice that had been recommended in a former session , and had been acted upon , of having duplicates of papers presented , so that when one copy should be taken off to the printer 's , another should lie on the table for the use of members . The hon . member submitted , whether it would not be desirable to adopt a similar regulation . The Speaker observed , that it might be for the convenience of the house to come to some understanding on this head . The practice adverted to had prevailed to a considerable extent , though not universally , in a former session . It was for the house to decide how its convenience would be promoted by such a practice , and if they were to come to any understanding on the subject , the clerks in the public offices would take care to regulate their conduct accordingly . There were some papers on the table which had been presented in that form , but the practice had not been observed in all . Lord H. Petty admitted that it would be desirable that the practice should be con- 465 formed to in every instance in which it could be carried into effect , but was apprehensive that it might not be possible to act upon it in all.—Mr . H. Thornton presented a Petition from the directors of the Sierra Leone Company , praying for leave to bring in a bill for re-investing in his majesty the possessions that had been granted to that company , and to limit the duration of the company . The