gent . said he would contend for it , that that court could not refuse such application , because the time limited by law was 6 years . Now , those voters had exercised this elective capacity only 5 years , and consequently the time for confirming a doubtful franchise was not yet expired . But there was another circumstance : the petitioner did not know of the illegality of two of the voters objected to , till long after the beginning of the term , and yet it was objected to him by the sitting member , that the petitioner did not apply to the court of king 's bench against those voters , of the validity of whose franchise the petitioner had not at that time any doubt . He then moved , that the order of the day for hearing the Thetford Election petition be discharged contended that the question then before the house was not whether the king 's bench would receive or reject any 419 application that might be made to it on behalf of the petitioner , but whether that house would , in this so comparatively unimportant a case , make a precedent that might in all future cases of this kind be productive of consequences the most serious : five years ago , the persons objected to voted for the petitioner ; and was the house now to be told , that this was the first time the petitioner had discovered those alleged inadequacies ? After a five years ' dream , he , the petitioner awaked , and discovered for the first time , that certain persons who had voted for him upon a former occasion , now that they voted against him , were from the beginning incompetent to vote . There was one fact , that he could not pass by . It had been said , that four or more voters were objected to . He ( Mr. M. ) assured the house , that there were not more than two objected to at the time of voting , upon the ground of not being franchised , as the third was objected to not upon this ground , but as having some employment in the post-office . He said that , anxiously as he waited for the decision of that house upon what he would call a vexatious proceeding , he should , however , bow to that decision with unfeigned humility and respect said , that he ought not to be anxious to speak on a question apparently agitating the feelings of two gentlemen , for each of whom he felt so much respect . He should , however , remove all such personal considerations from his mind , and consider merely the simple fact of a petitioner asking for a more distant day than that already fixed upon for hearing his petition ; though in the case of petitions the granting a further day was by no means an unusual indulgence , yet he was , upon the general principle , an enemy to delay in such cases . But he thought the present case sufficiently exempted from the general rule by its peculiar circumstances , the petitioner desires a further day as indispensable to the object of his petition—the sitting member , on the other hand , does not shew that any possible inconvenience can arise to him from this delay . It was objected , too , that the petitioner did not make an earlier application to the king 's bench . The election took place on the 4th of November , and the day next but one was the first day of term , and yet it was asked why the petitioner did not prepare all the necessaries for an application to a court of law between the 4th and 6th 420 of November , though he was not at that time apprised of the inadequacy to vote of two of the persons objected to . He should think it a monstrous injustice to refuse the application for a longer day conceived that the house was now about to exercise a judicial function