, nor to be founded in equity or wisdom.—We now come to a period when the news of M. D'Oubril 's conduct had reached England , together with the account of the step lord Yarmouth had consequently taken , and there is submitted to us a dispatch [ No . 26 , p. 129 ] bearing Mr. Fox 's signature which unfolds the sentiments and views of the English cabinet at this juncture.—I can not refrain from remarking by the way , that it is extraordinary to find M. D'Oubril 's conduct in signing the separate treaty always referred to the threat held out about the affair of Germany ; whereas the French minister from the beginning of the first correspondence with Mr. Fox always insisted that Russia had shown a disposition to negotiate separately , and lord Yarmouth himself says , ( p. 122 ) `` that from the first `` hour he met M. D'Oubril in France he `` thought he was come determined to `` make a peace good or bad , with or with '' out Great Britain . `` —Sir , there is something to me unintelligible in the conduct of the Russian plenipotentiary in the whole of this affair , and it would be improper perhaps to ask , or to give any explanation upon the subject at this moment . But to this I think there must be an universal assent , that no effort was left unemployed by lord Yarmouth to prevent M. D'Oubril from taking the step so justly deprecated . 351 —In this situation of things it was judged adviseable to add another minister to the earl of Yarmouth ; and the earl of Lauderdale was selected for the purpose ; a person perfectly qualified for any station where talents , activity , and integrity are required , and whom from motives of personal regard and friendship I should have wished to see placed in situations of eminence and distinction . If I shall be compelled hereafter to disapprove of that part of the negociation in which he was principally concerned , lord Lauderdale may no doubt appeal to his instructions as furnishing at once the best vindication , and the highest authority for his conduct.—About the same period we have been given to understand by lord Yarmouth , an impression was created in France most unfavourable to the issue of the conferences , by an event which was deemed to have taken place , I mean the political death of Mr. Fox . Alas ! sir , how fresh causes of grief and lamentation for the loss of that illustrious man daily arise ! how much more than ever are we now bound to deplore his untimely death ! but was it unnatural that the French should conceive it probable his death would make a considerable difference in the British councils as to the great object of peace ? Sir , notwithstanding , my noble friend , who has been during the whole course of his parliamentary life for 20 years the zealous advocate , and the Most able and eloquent supporter of those enlightened and glorious principles which actuated Mr. Fox ; notwithstanding , I say , he and others of his warmest friends and admirers were to be found amongst the advisers of his majesty , was it surprising that the French government should be somewhat diffident of other servants of the crown , who , whatever their sentiments might now be , had certainly upon former occasions not evinced the readiest disposition for peace with the chief of the French government . Sir , from my soul , I believe that every member of the English cabinet was sincerely desirous of peace . I have publicly expressed that conviction , and I repeat it : but am I to be surprised that France had not the same confidence as myself ? and ought not peculiar caution to have been taken at a juncture so critical , to avoid giving the slightest appearance of a change of sentiment on the part of this country ? The path was plain and obvious ; I do not think it