member of this , who had been governors of colonies , but they also were refused . It had been insinuated , that the evidence proposed was the offspring of self-interest and party opinion ; and , after all this , to talk of candour and justice , what was it but a mere mockery of the name ? The noble lord had made various calculations , and drawn inferences from them , but the papers he had read his calculations from , were not before the house ; he had never seen them , and therefore he could only consider all the arguments deduced from those papers to be mere gratuitous assertions , and in some instances he knew them not to be founded in fact ; and he would have proved this to have been the case , had the opportunity of calling in evidence not been refused . He much questioned whether the noble lord had received any information upon the subject . It appeared to him that he had mistaken the arguments of one counsel for another , and that his lordship had so blended the two subjects , as not to have drawn proper conclusions from them . This was a subject of magnitude in a commercial point of view ; for it was no small matter of capital which employed two millions , with 40,000 tons of shipping , and 4,000 seamen ; but all this had been treated as if unworthy of notice . The noble lord had argued as if the African trade was injurious to the navy ; but it was unfair to infer the loss of seamen in the African trade , in as much as many of them were afterwards pressed in the West Indies ; so that there was no more argument to prove the loss of men on board these ships , from this circumstance occurring , than of seamen , in ships from the East Indies or elsewhere , coming home in time of war . Had evidence been gone into , he should have proved that the seamen , on board these ships , coming from Africa to the West Indies , were not in such a state as had been represented by the noble lord ; and that so far from that mortality taking place , there had been no more mortality on board these ships than on board men of war ; and that a greater mortality was experienced in carry- 959 ing troops in transports from hence to the West Indies , than happened in the ships going from thence to Africa and the West Indies . But from the manner in which this question had been treated , he confessed he had no expectation that justice would he done by the production of documents . One of the papers the noble lord produced , had formerly been laid on the table of the house , and consisted of the opinions of certain governors in the West Indies ; and yet he now objected to the vivâ voce evidence of two most respectable men , the successors of these very governors , and who would have stated differently . So much for the feeling and candour of the noble lord and his friends ! The noble lord had then proceeded to state the disproportion between the males and females in the West Indies , and , without informing the house whence be drew his conclusions , asserted a variation very different from the counsel at the bar , who would have proved by evidence the disproportion to have been betwixt four or five to one . From particular instances , the noble lord had drawn general conclusions ; he had also thrown the greatest defamation and slander on the West-India planters with respect to their treatment of the female slaves , in cases of pregnancy , and after child-birth . But can it be supposed that the planters should be so adverse , not only to the dictates of humanity , but to their own interest ? for every female that had a child , thereby became more valuable to the owner