had expressly stated that it was intended in future to send it from India . stated that that very possibly might have been a system , had it not been for the discussions that had arisen upon the subject . observed , that when gentlemen proposed a delay of two or three days , they did not seem to understand the course of the treasury . A million of money would be due on Friday next , and it was necessary to have the vote passed before that time . said , that if any information injurious to the country could be conveyed to the enemy by printing these papers , he would have opposed the motion . But the printing of the Ordnance Estimates had led him to believe , that no danger of this sort could reasonably be apprehended from printing the Army Estimates . The printing of the Ordnance Estimates had been advantageous , in as much as it had led to an investigation , the result of which , in his opinion , had done great honour to the Ordnance Board . When he said so , he begged it to be understood , that he had no particular connection with any member of it . The ground on which he would vote for printing these Estimates was , that it was impossible for every member to read them at the table before Wednesday , even supposing that they had begun from the time of presenting them . No man could contend that the house could be fully informed as to the contents of the papers , unless they were printed . But it was presumed that all who came to this house to give their votes , were in full possession of the nature and merits of the case . Whether or not they could be printed , so as to afford sufficient time for the house to be prepared to discuss them on Wednesday he could not say , but he was satisfied that the attempt ought to be made . thought , that when the secretary at war had declared , that to print these estimates would be to convey dangerous information to the enemy , it was the duty of every independent member to resist the motion . said , he had moved for the printing of the Abstract rather than for 460 the whole of the papers , from the feeling and information with which his former official habits possessed him . The Abstract conveyed the complete substance of the Estimates , but treated less of the detail . The only information which the papers could convey to the enemy , was the quantity of our military force , as divided into three heads , Guards and Garrisons ; Forces in the Plantations ; and Forces in India . The abstract stated the gross force ; the Estimates , the regiments of which that force was composed . The statement therefore , of the right hon . secretary , that the estimates would convey more dangerous information to the enemy than the abstract , was unfounded . The Secretary at War denied having positively asserted that great danger would result from the information which the printing of the Estimates would convey to the enemy . He had spoken doubtfully . In every discussion in that house there was some danger , for every discussion made a disclosure to the enemy in a certain degree . The question always was , how could the house execute its duty consistently with the object of concealing from the enemy what it was desirable to conceal from them ? The estimates , by being more minute in the detail than the abstract , must necessarily convey to the enemy more information . would not have trespassed further on the time of the house , had it not been with a view to do justice to himself in repelling the insinuations of a noble lord , who had hinted that he said one thing while he meant another . His object was not to occasion delay , but to examine minutely those papers . He would