lord , felt that there were many of his charges which it was impossible for him to retaliate . Two hours ago he was ready to remove that part of the noble lord 's accusation , which reproached him with taciturnity ; and certainly the mass a extraneous matter which the noble lord had introduced into his speech , had increased the subject of reproach ; because , it was impossible for him to follow the noble lord through the whole of his arguments . From all that had been said by him in former debates , he did not conceive that it would be necessary for him to express himself much at length , and should therefore in this instance adhere to taciturnity by being as brief as possible . It would generally seem , that one long speed imposed the necessity of another nearly as long to answer it : but here the noble lord had imposed upon him the taciturnity he complained of , because he was not at that late hour so much to consider the time that might be spent in a reply , as the time that remained to be spent . When he had opened his measure in detail to the house , he had been obliged to do so in a speech or considerable length , a thing to which he always felt a reluctance , but the noble lord 's incidental speech of three hours kept that in countenance . The noble lord had only touched lightly upon the topics which he had intimated his intention of discussing more at length on some future day . In replying to what had been said incidentally by the noble lord , he should first recur to that which was still fresh in the recollection of the house , and which the noble lord had no right to advert to , because it did not belong to the question before the committee . He should refer to that point as a specimen of the noble lord 's reasoning . It would make the house distrust similar assertions which the noble lord might again make the foundation of the most extraordinary conclusions . The no- 493 ble lord had set out with a fact which was not founded . He had stated , that his majesty 's ministers had received the accounts of the destination of the expedition to Buenos Ayres , from St. Helena , early in the month of June , and then he went on to argue what great things might have been done if ministers had acted in the manner he would have pointed out . In answer to this argument he should first say , that it was not early in the month , as the noble lord stated , but it was upon the 24th of June that government received this information , and it certainly was a piece of information that nobody could have expected them to anticipate . The noble lord might speak of preparing expeditions , and sending them to sea in 10 days , but it must be recollected that the 3 regiments he spoke of must go over in ships , and that those ships must have ample stores and provisions on board , and be vessels proper to send troops in to such a distance . If the expedition was only across the channel , there were plenty of vessels that might have been easily got ready for that purpose ; but when it was recollected that they were to cross the Atlantic , to look for another expedition ; and if they could not find it , or should discover that it had been unsuccessful , to recross it again , to look for a place of safety ; it would not be supposed that such a description of ships could be got ready and fitted out in so short a time . The noble lord would perhaps have sent them over in air-balloons , or some such other expeditious mode of conveyance . The noble lord was equally incorrect in this statement about the passage of the Narcissus : he had