soldier to a pension on a legal right , and not on the recommendation of his superior officer , on which alone it could with safety rest . These pensions were from 6d . to 1s . 6d . a day ; and it was true , a discretionary power was vested in the Board of Kilmainham , as to the individual amount . But the warrant went on to declare , that no non-commissioned officer or soldier should be allowed to claim of right any such pension , whose disability arose from vice or misconduct . It followed , therefore , that every one who was not discharged from the consequences of vice or misconduct , had a claim which a court of justice must confirm ; and this without any limitation of time , without any consideration whether he had served 2 days or 21 years . What the effect of pensions granted by right , and not on the recommendation of his superior officer , would have on the mind of the soldier , and what effect the disbursements of such large sums would have on the finances of the country , it was unnecessary for him to point out.—The next objectionable point in the Warrant arose out of the answer to the question proposed that night by him to the right hon . gent . The right hon . gent . stated that none of the soldiers who had served 21 years had beer discharged , but that he considered them as entitled to all the advantages of his measure . By that measure , a soldier who had served 21 years , was entitled to retire on a pension of 1s . a day , or 18l . 5s . a year . If he remained in the service , he 490 was to receive an addition to his pay , of a halfpenny a day , or 15s . a year ; and another addition of a halfpenny a day , on every succeeding year in which he might choose to continue in the army . Now , it would he found that the men who had served 21 years , were generally under 50 years of age . If , therefore , they continued in the army , it was probable that on the average they might do so for 17 years . The first additional 15s . to their yearly pay would therefore be worth between 12l . and 13l . sterling . The next year 's 15s . would be only fractionally less valuable , and so on . The effect of this system would be to crush the country with the enormous expence , unless it was arrested by the hand of parliament . Let the house also consider the effect of this system of pensions on the men sent early in life to the East and West Indies : it ordained , that the soldier who had served 14 years in India , should be entitled to his discharge , and the same pensions as the man who had served 21 years in other circumstances . The climate of the East-Indies was healthy . Suppose that a soldier went out at 18 years of age . At 32 , according to the right hon . gent . 's view of the subject , he would become a veteran , and be entitled to retire on a pension of 18l . 5s . which , on the average , he would probably receive for 28 years . Now , he would put it to the house , how it was possible , under such a system , to contend with the evils by which we were threatened ? He would trace the operation one step farther . A great number of these men would stay in the army , suppose for 8 additional years ; he would then be entitled to an accumulated pension of 27l.7s . 6d . ; and the probable duration of his life , being 22 years , a bounty to the amount of that sum of 27l . 7s . 6d . would thus be