thinking would follow ; for is it not well known , that the newly imported negroes are not calculated , at least for a length of time , to diminish the labours of those who are actually employed in clearing and cultivating the new grounds ? What source of consolation could it be to the old negroes to behold fresh importations of their unhappy countrymen , doomed to endure similar slavery with themselves ? The only effect this could produce , would be that of sowing the seeds of continual insurrection . But the prohibition to import fresh negroes , could not be fairly adduced as a motive why the old ones should revolt . It was proved by experience and fact , that in those islands , where there was no regular supply of fresh negroes , no insurrection ever took place . With respect to the general security of the islands , the danger does not arise from those negroes who have been long settled in them , and used to their masters , but from those who have been freshly imported , and are smarting under recent wrongs . The case of the island of St. Domingo has been cited by the anti-abolitionists , as an example of caution . I , sir , in my turn , would beg leave to cite the events which took place in that island , as a warning how we encourage successive importations ; for , is it not well known , that in that ill-fated island , there had been unusually large importations from Africa , previous to the insurrections and intestine commotions which prevailed ? Other causes , indeed ; might have co-operated , and have had their effect ; the passions of men had been set loose and inflamed , at the commencement of the French revolution , throughout every 953 part of that empire : hence St. Domingo became a prey to intestine commotions , and was divided into different political parties , each of which in their turn endeavoured to avail themselves of the assistance of the blacks ; but the fresh and large importations from Africa which were carried on during that period , so far from diminishing , tended greatly to increase the danger . If , indeed , it were proposed by the present measure , that the negroes should at once be emancipated , I acknowledge that there would be just reason to apprehend scenes of terror ; but nothing of this sort is in contemplation . It has been stated , that endeavours have already been made to excite the slaves at Jamaica into insurrection , from the example of St. Domingo . I allow it possible , that emissaries from the latter island may have been sent to Jamaica ; but as the best means to render abortive such attempts , I would say , attach your negroes of Jamaica to your service by good treatment and a kind system ; at any rate , new importations would not diminish , but rather increase the danger of insurrection . Experience confirms the fact . In Surinam , when a Dutch colony , the masters made use of the most rigorous treatment towards their slaves , and there insurrections broke out ; whereas , in the islands where the negroes have been treated with kind usage , they have even protected their masters , when threatened with attack . But , on this subject we , who are advocates for the abolition of this traffic , have been branded as theorist and enthusiasts , whilst we have , almost exclusively , fact and experience to allege , in opposition to the objections of the anti-abolitionists.—But , it has been also objected , that this measure will tend to diminish the white population in the islands , and that it will discourage those who go out from this country to the islands as book keepers and overseers , with the hope of procuring plantations and making their fortunes ; but the expectation of making large fortunes , can not be considered as the main inducement for such persons to go from