, he should still persist in his motion , he should not object to it . He doubted , however , whether the mode adopted by the learned gent . was the proper one to attain his object . This letter was not preserved in any of the public offices . However , there could be no doubt that a document in the possession of his majesty 's servants would be produced , if his majesty should lay his commands upon him for that purpose . To the whole of the doctrine laid down by the learned gent . as to the heinous nature of the offence , if his majesty 's ministers were to introduce any false assertion into a declaration bearing Ins majesty 's signature , he fully subscribed . But when his majesty 's ministers laid papers before the house , they were bound upon their responsibility to lay the whole that bore any reference to the case . He took that occasion to repeat , what he as expressly declared before , that the whole of the remainder of that letter had no reference whatever to the overture for negotiation . When he said this , he meant none that he knew of . He could not tell what reference to that overture might be discovered by the ingenuity of the gentlemen opposite in the expressions of civility , which it might be found to contain , but he could positively assert , that it contained no direct reference whatever to that subject . As to the other ground upon which the learned gent . had thought proper to 247 rest his motion , he could not discover any weight in it . When the learned gent . had argued , that that house should regard with jealousy a correspondence conducted under such circumstances , did the learned gent . mean to say , that there was any thing criminal in the expressions of reciprocal civility that appeared in these communications ? Did he mean to say , that , when such a correspondence had taken place , it was reprehensible in persons who had formerly been acquainted , to recall some of the feelings of past intimacy , and give way to friendly enquiries respecting mutual connections and acquaintances ? Did he mean to assert , that it was criminal in persons under such circumstances , to cultivate a disposition of mutual conciliation , with the desirable view of finally accommodating the differences between the two nations ? He had stated before , that this letter contained nothing relative to the case before the house , and it would be for the house to decide , whether it should be produced . Of one thing be was clearly satisfied , that there was not , in any letter or document written by the illustrious person now no more , ( Mr. Fox ) a single expression that in the slightest degree committed the honour or dignity of his sovereign . He had but one word more to add by way of explanation . He admitted that the passage , quoted by the learned gent . from the note of lord Lauderdale , would seem to refer to something antecedent to the signature of the treaty of M. d'Oubril . It might have arisen from some inaccuracy in the language of the note , but certainly no communication relative to a separate negociation had been sent by his majesty 's ministers until after the signature of the treaty of July 20 . It was , previously to that event , proposed that Russia and Great Britain should treat provisionally with France , that the two treaties should go on together , and that neither should be signed until both were brought to a conclusion . The circumstance might possibly have arisen from the communication from the court of Russia , that M. d'Oubril was to be sent to Paris . observed , that the fact at issue between the two governments was not with respect to the first overture , but to the basis of negociation . His majesty 's declaration stated , that the overture