him on the days mentioned . Wallis had told them that the warrants would be out in consequence of the petition being postponed , and that those who went out of the way would get money to do so . W. had asked him what he meant to do ; but he would not tell him . W. said , every one in danger might go away . Witness being asked what he meant by that ? he said that he imagined the danger referred to was of those , who had voted being bad votes.—Daniel Richardson , spoke to the same circumstances . He himself had no occasion to go out of the way . The witness was pressed to explain what he meant by that danger ; or , why it should have been proposed that any should go out of the way . He gave no precise answer . At last he dropped down overcome with fatigue or agitation , and was carried out.—Ann Richardson spoke to the conversation of Wallis , at the Peacock and the Barley Mow . She added , that he said money to 1068 the extent of 6 or 7 guineas would be given to those who would go out of the way . Wallis had given 5ss . a day to her husband , James , & c. for the loss of their time the days they met him ; but at last he declined making them any more allowances , as , he said , he had lost 7l . in the lottery.—J . Balam said he had seen Wallis on the 8th of Jan. , who had requested him to speak to Sperring to keep out of the way , and that Mr. Sheridan would find the money . He had been at the house of Burgess with Wallies , Pullen , and Sperring ; that Burgess gave him 5l for his loss of time . Sperring had told him , that he had voted for Paull and Hood , on the first day in his own name , and on a subsequent day had voted for S. in the name of Bryan , giving a different description of his abode . Sperring said , he received 10s . from Stephen Taylor , in the presence of Burgess . Wallis said , he was employed by Burgess . When pressed to state why he was to keep away , or make others do so , he could state no particular reason . He said , he had given information to Mr. Paull 's agent , of what he had mentioned . He had seen Mr. Powell frequently , had told him what had passed when he saw Burgess , and Powell had taken down what he had to say.—Christ . Richardson knows Balam . He had gone to see Burgess , and met Wallis coming out of Burgess 's house in Curzon-street . He went with one Gallant and Wallis to a house in Half-moon street , when Wallis told them that when the petition was postponed their services would be of no force , and those who chose might go out of the way . The witness had no reason to keep out of the way . He said , he had communicated to Mr. Powell what he did in trying to see Burgess , and in meeting Wallis . It was one John Balam that took him to look for Burgess ; and the object was to see whether Burgess would offer them any money to keep out of the way . They did not see Burgess . He had seen Mr. Powell a day or two after , and Powell had given him 10s . for his loss of time the two days he went with Balam to Curzon-street . He had gone from Carey-street , where Mr. Paull 's committee sat . He had seen one Percy at the committee in Carey-street , who knew he had been at Burgess 's , and who , after he had gone the first day , encouraged him to go back to see what Burgess would say .