being read a second time , were agreed to by the house . The subsequent Resolutions were postponed . The house having resolved it- 851 self into a committee of Ways and Means , conformably with his notice of yesterday , moved the following Resolutions , 1 . `` That towards raising the supply granted to his majesty , an additional duty of 2s . 6d . be charged upon every gallon of foreign brandy , spirits , aqua vitæ , or strong waters ( other than rum , spirits , or aqua vitæ , of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America ) , imported into Great Britain , or taken out of any warehouse in . which the same may have been secured for home consumption . 2 . That an additional duty of 1s . be charged upon every gallon of foreign brandy , spirits , aqua vitæ , or strong waters ( other than rum , spirits , or aqua vitæ , of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America ) , imported into Great Britain , and exported therefrom , or taken out of any warehouse in which the same may have been secured for exportation to parts beyond the seas , ( except to Ireland ) . 3 . That the said duties shall be charged on all foreign brandy , spirits , aqua vitæ , or strong waters , for which all the duties charged or chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the 19th day of February , 1807 . '' observed , that , the duly on brandy was at present 13s . 6d . per gallon , and would by this additional duty be raised to 16s . ; that the original cost was but 2s . 6d . per gallon , and that such a high duty , compared with the prime cost of the article , would become an extreme temptation to smuggling , and would not operate as any material relief to the West India trade . Besides , he did not think the regulations for the prevention of smuggling would be as effectual as was expected . stated , that the system of rewards to vigilant and active revenue officers , would have a very beneficial effect , and that the West India merchants were of opinion , that the addition to the duty on foreign spirits would afford them relief . was of opinion , that this additional duty on brandy continued , with the preference to be given by the public boards to the consumption of rum , would be of material assistance to the West India trade.—The resolutions were then agreed to . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the bill for making the Freehold Estates of persons 852 who die in debt , assets for the payment of their simple contract debts . On the question for the second reading being put , rose with regret to oppose any Measure brought forward by the hon . and learned gent . who was the author of the bill . He lamented that he had not heard the statement of that hon . and learned member , when he obtained leave to bring in this measure ; but he had read the bill since it had been printed , and objected to it because it went to alter the whole of the law of landed property in this country . If he understood it right , its object was to make all cases of simple contract debts of men who should die in debt , without making any will providing for such debts , a charge upon their real estates . This would change the whole law of landed property , which was coeval with the constitution . There were various ways of charging landed property by mortgages and other legal instruments , and there were sufficient processes for recovering of simple contract debts . Whenever any change bad been made in the common law , it had been generally for the worse . He did not see any urgent