of documents and papers will not be injurious to yourselves ; but you have no right to set up that as an argument for a publication , which may tend to reveal something the knowledge of which by an enemy may be injurious to your ally . The forms of our constitution require in certain cases the publication of the documents which have passed between our government and that of a foreign state , and if an inconvenience to ourselves sometimes arises from this practice , it is overbalanced by the benefits resulting from that constitution ; but you have no right to set up the forms of your constitution as a reason for publishing what may tend to injure your ally . Conceiving , therefore , that the omissions in these papers are fully justified , and that the papers themselves are sufficiently ample to give every information relative to the negociation , I shall not enter into a detail , which is already in your lordships ' possession . My object is to move an address to his majesty , humbly and gratefully acknowledging his majesty 's desire to restore to his subjects the blessings of peace , assuring his majesty of our conviction that the failure of the negociation entered into for that purpose did not arise from any failure in his majesty 's paternal regard for the welfare of his people , but is wholly to be attributed to the exorbitant demands and ambitious views of France , and pledging ourselves to concur , in every effort , to support his majesty in the continuance of 261 the contest . I will now , my lords , briefly notice a few of the leading principles which characterize the Negociation , which is the subject of our discussion . There can be no doubt that peace was desirable , if a peace could be obtained consistently with the honour and the interests of this country . It must always be desirable to put an end to the calamities of war , and every state actuated by enlightened views of policy , will necessarily consider the prosecution of war as the means of obtaining an honourable , a secure , and a permanent peace ; a peace which shall ensure safety against the renewal of war , and safety in the conduct of it in the event of its renewal . There may be cases in which a nation , actuated by views of sound policy , may think it advisable to make great sacrifices for the purpose of obtaining a peace , which bears every promise of being permanent . If we look back to the treaties of peace formerly concluded by this country , we find that though , of course , they could not be considered as permanent , yet that , they produced a considerable interval of tranquillity , an interval which might then be fairly calculated upon , and which , inasmuch as it served to recruit and increase the resources of the country , was worth making sacrifices to obtain . In this view of the subject , and with the moral certainty of obtaining a considerable interval of tranquillity , valuable sacrifices , I do not mean merely valuable in point of finance , of commerce , or of revenue , but valuable in point of strength , might consistently with sound policy and expediency be made for the purpose of obtaining a treaty of peace . But those who consider the state of Europe for 6 years , or I may say for 13 or 14 years past , must be convinced that there was no rational hope of any considerable interval of tranquillity following a treaty of peace with France . It became therefore an object in this negociation , to seek out for an equivalent to set up against that want of permanence , which must attend any peace made under such circumstances . Valuable sacrifices could not be made to obtain an unstable and insecure peace . I was therefore , my lords , of opinion , and still am of opinion , that the only basis