received any direction or authority whatever for that purpose , had accordingly issued their warrant to the marshal of the high court of admiralty for taking him into custody ; that , as captain sir Home Popham is a member of this house , their lordships had thought it a respect due to the house , to inform them of his commitment , and to lay before them a copy of the warrant , by virtue of which he is now in custody . And Mr. Grenville delivered in at the table , a copy of the warrant to the marshal of the admiralty , 931 to take into his custody the said captain sir Home Popham : and the said copy was read . Ordered , that what Mr. Grenville hath now communicated to the house , and also the said copy , be entered in the journal of this house.—The house having , upon the motion of sir J. Newport , resolved into a committee of ways and means , the .right hon . bart . proposed a resolution for discontinuing certain duties , and enacting others in their room . He read over a list of new duties which he proposed to impose , namely , upon every man whose house and land was above the value of 4l . per annum , and less than 7l . one shilling and sixpence a year ; if more than 7l . and less than 10l. , two shillings , if not liable to the hearth tax ; if more than 10l . and less than 40l , . three-pence in the pound ; and for every pound above 40l. , four-pence in the pound , if not liable to the window tax . He also stated his proposed scale of taxation upon windows and hearths , and concluded with observing , that it was the intention in all matters of personal taxation to make bachelors pay double as much as married men . Upon the paper manufactory the right hon . baronet proposed to impose a tax according to the number of vats used by the manufacturer , instead of mills , which were heretofore the criteria , and which had led to a great loss of revenue . There were several duties heretofore annual , which the right hon . baronet announced his intention of proposing to be made permanent . In answer to a question from colonel Barry , the right hon . baronet stated , that an increased tax upon horses was meant to be imposed upon those who had four or more horses , unless for purposes of agriculture , but that the increase was not to go lower.—The resolution was then agreed to . moved the reading of the order for the second reading of the mutiny bill on Tuesday next , with a view , as the noble lord stated , to move the postponement of this order to a future day . The propriety of this postponement in the absence of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) would , he had no doubt , be readily admitted . But there were other objects which rendered further delay necessary , in order to afford time for the preparation of some additional clauses which it was intended to bring forward . It would be remembered by many members , that in the year 1793 , a clause was inserted in the 932 Irish mutiny bill , allowing catholics to hold a certain rank in the army , and this clause it was now proposed to make general . It was also proposed that all catholics in the army should be allowed the free exercise of their religion . This was , no doubt , the practice already ; but it was understood that it would afford much more satisfaction if it were made the law . In addition to these there were other clauses of less moment which it was proposed to submit to the house . Such were the reasons which urged the noble lord to move a further postponement of this measure . asked , whether it was