of raising the expences of war within the year might become oppressive , and proper to be got rid of . He was therefore prepared to say , that a maximum might be put to the Sinking Fund in time of peace , and that even in time of war it might be proper at some period to limit it , and to apply the surplus to prevent war taxes , from being pushed to the extreme . It was difficult to say at what point all the bearings of this question might be made to meet . That was too nice a question for him to discuss here . But the noble lord having built his system upon calculations involving that principle , it became the duty of every man to examine the point , and to state his motive for differing with the noble lord , or for supporting him . He was actuated , not by a wish to differ from the noble lord , but by a fear , that the su- 727 perstructure which the noble lord 's plan went to rear , was not built upon any solid foundation . Any one who looked to such an extended system of warfare as the present , must be convinced , that it would be unwise not to prepare ourselves to follow it to an indefinite length . He was not displeased that the noble lord had thought it right to go the length of calculation , upon a probable duration of 20 years . But it was too much to incorporate the calculation of the expences of such a length of time into arrangements to be adopted at present . It was impossible that parliament could now provide for occasions so distant , and events so uncertain , without involving itself in infinite contradictions and embarrassments . He therefore owned , he wished the arrangements for the present year had been built on an extensive view without calling upon parliament to adopt arrangements of the same extent , which it was impossible it could do with information or judgment . He admitted that unless data were assumed , it was impossible to reason , or to arrive at any determination . But what he feared was , that by the assumption of fallacious data , far from being enabled to proceed consistently , through a series of 20 years , we should be led into continual errors . The noble lord , in looking to so small an expenditure as 32,000,000l . hoped not only to be able to cover that expenditure , but to provide for its incidental excesses . But the expenditure of 32,000,000l . was an expenditure cut down from 41,000,000l . and in putting it forward as the probable amount of our war expenditure , the noble lord should take care not to mislead the country as to the amount of the burthens it would have to bear . He was sure the noble lord must have derived from the source with which he was so honourably connected , principles which would be very far from disposing him from rendering his countrymen the `` Penitus toto divisos orbe Britannos . '' He was sure the noble lord would be sorry to think that we should be prevented from cooperating , even by money , to the exertions which might still be made for the deliverance of the world from the common enemy . If the noble lord had looked to the average expence of the last war under this head ; if he had looked to the average expences of the last four years in particular , he would have found that there was an annual contingent charge of 3,700,000l . for expences , 728 which he had left wholly out of his calculation ; and therefore , on this ground , he was sorry , without entering into the prospect of 20 years , that the noble lord had calculated for the present circumstances only . There were at the present time very strong motives for calculating on a different plan . He thought it too much to calculate ,