upon the persons upon whom those vessels and implements should be found . By these means , if not altogether extinguished , the evil would be greatly checked . With a view to this object , a large peace establishment would be highly beneficial : and if chargeable in one view , it would be economical in another , as it would be the means of improving the revenue , which would go to defray its expences . These were the grounds of his hope , and he held forth 815 only a hope , that this plan would answer the ends proposed . Here he would take occasion to give some explanation with respect to the property tax , which he was supposed to have pledged himself to repeal . That was not the nature of his pledge , but that the means for repealing it would exist , and that parliament would be free to consider the propriety of applying them . His own opinion was inclined to concur with that of the right hon . gent. , that a small portion of the property tax would be less burthensome than those taxes on consumption , which , though less immediately felt , were ultimately more burthensome and less productive , as being charged with a profit by every person through whose hands the article passed , and diminished in a similar succession by every hand employed in the collection . The propriety of the continuance of such a small property tax , would , however , remain to be regulated by the public feeling , and the public convenience at the time . He agreed with him as to the difficulty of continuing the war taxes . One thing however the right hon . gent . was mistaken in . There were no war taxes on foreign goods for exportation . He allowed it was impossible to calculate precisely on the redemption of the mortgaged taxes in 14 years . But from a moderate calculation that would be the period of redemption . If from the rise of stocks , the sinking fund upon these war loans should be slower in operation , it would be larger in amount ; there would then be only 4 per cent . for interest , and 6 for sinking fund . There would be besides a great advantage in the terms of future loans , so that what would be lost in one way would be gained in another , and as the whole was to be comprehended in one general account , a rise in the funds would be upon the whole beneficial . As to the objection made by the noble lord and the right hon . gent . opposite , and made elsewhere also , that this system of borrowing money at compound interest was attended with double expence , that was true ; but the charge was more than compensated by the comparative benefits that would be afforded by preventing the exhausting of the country , and by renovating and invigorating its resources . If the country was in that state , as the right hon . gent . opposite argued , that the increase of taxation would diminish the consumption and the produce of the tax , we were in that situation , that a perseverance in the 816 old system would wear away from under our feet the ground upon which we stood , it was absolutely necessary to adopt some plan to prevent additional taxation , and this was the only plan that would answer that object . The best mode of judging the merits of this plan was to compare it with that of the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) . It was objected to this plan , that it went to legislate for the future ; that it assumed a certain amount of expenditure , and that too low an amount , without taking into the calculation , the means of judging of the real amount of the wants that would be provided for . Nothing was more futile than this objection , as the plan would lend itself to