date , but would assure the hon . gent . and the house , that if upon enquiry he found that to be the case , the account should be presented . The information called for by the hon . gent . was such , that however he might differ from him as to the result to be drawn front it , he thought it ought , and could not with propriety be kept from the house . As the hon . gent . had with so much candour stated , that the opinion entertained by him last session on this subject remained unaltered , he thought it not amiss to declare , that upon the best reflection he could bestow upon the question , he could see no reason for changing the opinion he had on that occasion expressed of the propriety of granting the exemptions to the property of foreigners in the funds . He was confirmed in the opinion , when he considered the small assistance that could be derived from extending the tax to such property , and the indirect but great mischief that would result from adopting the suggestions of the hon . gent . At the same time he was ready to admit , that whenever the question was brought forward , he should be open to the arguments that he knew would be ably urged by the hon . gent . As to the expediency of bringing forward motions without any prospect of success , and the beneficial consequences of repeated discussions , he trusted that the present session of parliament would afford an instance ( the Abolition of the Slave Trade ) of the advantages and happy results of discussions upon reiterated motions.—The account was then ordered up to the latest period , to which it could be made out . The order of the day for the third reading of the bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade , being read , rose , and observed , that however the preamble of this bill might set out , that the African Slave Trade was unjust , inhuman , and impolitic , and , however it might be considered unjust , inhuman , and impolitic , to emancipate the Slaves in the West Indies , yet he considered the present measure would be the means of producing , in the West India Islands , all the horrors of a revolution that could possibly be conceived . The Abolition of the African Trade , he considered , should go hand in hand with that in the West India Islands ; and however desirable an object the total abolition of the trade might be , he yet considered this instantaneous abolition , not only dangerous in itself , but likely to be productive of no particular good . As the bill stood at present , he could not give his assent to it , however he might be inclined to support it upon general principles ; had it been a different description of bill , and went gradually to a general abolition of this trade , it should then have met with his hearty concurrence . He felt , that any attempt to withstand the present enthusiasm upon this subject would be in vain ; but he could not help remarking , that when a legislature acted enthusiastically , they did not always act wisely , and he did not think that in the faithful and conscientious discharge of their duty , the opposers of this measure had much to answer for . denied that the support which had been given to this measure , was to be attributed to mere feelings of enthusiasm . Mere enthusiasm was not calculated to last for 20 years , during which period this measure had been under discussion . It was , on the contrary , in his opinion , founded clearly on the grounds of justice and humanity , as well as upon a mature consideration of the present state of the West Indies . When a member of the house of commons in the year 1792 , he voted for a gradual abolition ,