placed the capture of Buenos Ayres at the end of the month of July , instead of the beginning of it , and had made the Narcissus arrive in England at the beginning of the month of September , instead of the end . He believed it would be found , upon examination , that the Narcissus was 8 weeks on her passage , instead of 5 ; and , as she was a single frigate , a good sailer , and coming with good news ( which would induce the captain not to make any deviation in his course ) , it was not probable that any force could by possibility have been sent from England , which could have arrived there before the 12th of August , if it was to be believed that the place was then retaken . These were tolerable specimens of the sort of facts upon which the noble lord grounded his reasoning.—The noble lord had , however , dwelt at very great length 494 on the details of the expence of the new system , and upon this expence he founded his principal objections to it ; but the noble lord had certainly forgot , that most of the gentlemen in that house had heard him before speak at great length upon that subject , but with very little success ; for after arguing at great length , that the expence of raising men by that means would be ruinous , he , in the very same breath , contended , that no men would be raised by it . This was a circumstance which was certainly fresh in the recollection of many gentlemen in that house . He had often heard it said , that there was nothing so fallacious as an account ; he thought that he might also say , there was nothing more fallacious than a calculation . He therefore should not follow the noble lord in all his calculations ; he should content himself with shewing the fallacy of the basis upon which the noble lord had formed his calculation . He began by reckoning the life of a soldier discharged from service , and who had encountered hardships , and the variety of climates , to be worth 21 years , according to the calculation of the insurance offices for the lives of those who had lived at home and in a different manner . If the house would but grant the noble lord his basis , his arguments and his calculations might be very well ; but when the basis was removed as fallacious , they must fall with it . In arguing about the expences of the new system , the gentlemen on the other side always appeared to consider , that this increase of expence had been merely adopted for the purpose of obtaining recruits ; he , however , had always stated that it was a bare act of justice due to the brave men who had spent their lives in the service of the country . Expence , however , was merely a relative term , and must be considered in relation to the object of it . A hundred pounds might be a great deal for one object , and a hundred thousand nothing for another object . The argument of expence , however , did not appear to have so much weight with the gentlemen on the other side when it was connected with the Volunteer establishment , which was a greater favourite with them , from supposing that it was one of their own measures . No reduction had been proposed in the number of the Volunteers , but merely in certain expences , which were exorbitantly extravagant . The great body of the volunteers must have themselves perceived the extravagance of the 495 former expences , as a number of favourite corps had been given large extra allowances superior to what were given to the volunteers in general . The striking off these extra allowances to favourite corps of volunteers was a saving to the public of between 3 and 400,000l . ; but the same gentlemen that