whom he then acted , were so dull of intellect , and that matters were then so skilfully conducted , that they could not discover the influence that was at that time made use of ? Whenever the authority of office was glaringly or imperatively exercised over any one in matters of election , it was the duty of every independent member of parliament to expose it , but they had uniformly abstained from calling the attention of the house to the conduct of any individual in such cases . Would gentlemen , however , say , that during that time there was never any interference of a minister , of a secretary of state , or of a secretary of the treasury ? He did not mean to justify himself , or those connected with him , merely by a declaration that others did the like ; but it was fit that the attention of the house should be called to the quarter from which these complaints proceeded . However , it was said that a person might not speak to a person who was not in office for his vote and interest . What , if a man had a particular friend , a near relation , or a person with whom he was acquainted by means of their both being in offices under the crown , he was not to be spoken to ? a man was to apply for support , or the furtherance of his friend 's interest to every man in England but those with whom he was acquainted ; he was to be allowed to apply to every one that could not , or would not be of service to him , but if he came near the door of his friend or those who were likely to assist him he must cry , `` Procul , O ! procul este , profani ! '' He must not presume to use his influence , or ask for any friendship there . Now , he recollected that on a former occasion , a letter was written on the business of an election at Canterbury ; he had a copy of it in his 783 pocket , signed George Rose . Here he read the letter . That letter called upon Mr. Smith , who was in the barrack department , to use his influence with Mr. Baldock , a contractor for the ordnance office , in favour of a particular candidate . We might adopt some forms of regulation , but it was impossible entirely to prevent people in office , any more than out of office , from soliciting a friend to support another friend of their own at an election . There was another instance in which the same gentleman was concerned—a Westminster election , where it was stated that two accounts were kept , one for the treasury , and another for lord Hood ; but of these two instances no notice was taken in parliament . There was another instance , however , where the same gentleman was also concerned , concerning which a motion was made in that house , that was for a committee to inquire into abuses , as far as related to the mitigation of penalties or suspension of a prosecution under the excise laws , in consequence of what had been done at an election for Westminster ; but this motion was lost , and those members of the present parliament who had then a seat in that house , and voted against the motion , could hardly think the present a censurable case . But here a gentleman , a member of that house , who was also in office , had not only a friend , but a near relation , who was a candidate for a seat in that house , and he wrote to another friend simply in a friendly way , with the word `` private , '' written on the letter also , to endeavour to forward the interest of his relation . This was the very head and front of his offending . Great stress , however ,