in what he was about to say . In order to judge correctly of the situation in which the country now found , itself , it was necessary to revert to the last confederacy . After the dissolution of that confederacy , and considering the state in which Prussia and Russia stood , what was the clear and obvious policy of France , and what was the clear and obvious policy of England ? He would state it fairly . No man could hesitate in saying , that unfortunate as that confederacy was , broken and disjointed as it might be , yet were its scattered limbs not without life and vigour . It was the clear and obvious policy of England to unite those divided parts , and to endeavour to produce and energetic whole . On the other hand , it was the clear and obvious policy of France to effect a complete dismemberment of the confederation , and if that could not be completely accomplished in reality , at least to accomplish it in appearance . Now , what had been the conduct of the two powers ? Prussia signed a treaty of access to the confederacy just previous to its dissolution ; an unequivocal proof of the disposition of the court of Berlin , manifested still more strongly by the declaration since published . Subsequently , however , Prussia was forced into measures , which brought upon her the prompt resentment of this country . But at the time that the house of commons approved of that resentment , did they know that a negociation was carrying on with France , for the restoration of that which Prussia had seized ? There were two distinct questions . If it were simply asked , would you go to war for the recovery of that unjustly wrested from you ? the answer would be , yes ; but if a negociation were carrying on to obtain the same object in another quarter , then the war would be superfluous . Even were this principle doubtful , yet , coupled with the certainty that it 49 was the interest of this country to preserve Prussia , to retain her as an enemy to France , and to put up with , or overlook any conduct that might involve Great Britain in a contest with her , it became established and irresistible . The house would see what were the dreadful consequences of an original error in this respect ; consequences which were now felt too late . While we were in the incongruous situation to which it gave rise , a war commenced between Prussia and France , undeniably instigated by the demands made by this country , through her negociator at Paris . It was true , Hanover was not the sole cause of this rupture , but it was the main one , as the subsequent declaration of Prussia proved . The conduct of Great Britain to Prussia was therefore thus : Prussia , unable to resist the power of France , encroached upon us ; we had however the option to pass over the just cause of complaint which we possessed in consequence , and leave untouched the only power in Europe which appeared capable of being the germ of an alliance hostile to the ambitious views of France . But the conduct of his majesty 's ministers had been the converse of their policy . By that conduct , Prussia had been compelled to act without our advice and assistance , and to plunge into a war , of which , if our advice could not have prevented it , our assistance might at least have meliorated the termination . He did not mean to cast the slightest imputation on the diplomatic character of the noble lord employed by government on this occasion ( lord Morpeth ) ; no man was better fitted for the office , both from the qualities of his head and heart , and because no man had been a more constant advocate for the justice of the cause of this country : but would any man of common reflection say