measures of greater extremity , if such should be found necessary . The adoption of moderate measures in the first instance , would be creditable to the national character , and in the national character consisted , in a great degree , the national strength . If the enemy should persist in their decree , and attempt to enforce it , then he was convinced that the country had sufficient means , and his majesty , sufficient vigour , to resort to 640 such measures as should be deemed necessary for a complete retaliation . On all these grounds , he thought that no good reason had been stated for the production of the paper . was of opinion , that this country ought always to assert its claims to its full rights , but , at the same time , he did not think that , in the present circumstances of Europe , it should exercise them to their full extent . If the whole colonial trade was to be stopped , he would ask the learned gent . whether he thought it would be more injurious to France than Great Britain ? Above one half of the colonial produce consumed in France was British colonial produce . What inconvenience , therefore , might not result , if the trade that supplied France with that produce was to be put a stop to ? If the measure proposed by the learned gent . were to be adopted , the only effect of it would be , that it would be injurious to that already suffering class of the community , the West-India merchants and planters , and irritating to neutrals , and the whole of the remaining civilized states of the world . He was of opinion consequently , that no gound had been laid for the production of the paper . rose to make a few observations , just to shew the grounds of the vote he meant to give on the motion of his learned friend . It did not appear to him that any arguments of any weight had been brought forward to resist the able arguments of his learned friend , and certainly no parliamentary objection had been started to the production of a paper , which was already in the hands of every body in the country . The hon . and learned gent . opposite ( sir J. Nicholls ) , who was justly entitled to the confidence of that house and of the country , had not produced any sufficient objection against the motion of his learned friend , and , as that hon . and learned gent . was so fully competent to decide upon this question , he did not suppose that any hon . member who should follow him , would be more successful in the arguments he might bring forward . The right of war he was ready to admit was a prerogative of the crown , but then it was subject to the controul of parliament . He contended that his learned friend opposite was bound to make out a case , to shew that the papers ought not to be produced , before he could call upon him , or his hon and learned friend near him to make out a case of the paramount necessity for its pro- 641 duction . If , however , they were so called on , their difficulty would not be great , because they could shew that the measure that had been resorted to was inadequate to its professed object . Whatever objection there might be to the production of the paper , on the ground of the adequacy of the measure , or of the delicacy of his majesty 's ministers on the subject , they would more properly apply to the proceeding that was to be grounded upon the production of the paper . This question was one of too much importance for any man to bring forward lightly ; or unless he could state sufficient ground for the production of the paper . He derived some consolation from the argument of the learned gent . opposite