noble lord to state , whether , by the bill for abolishing the Slave trade , he meant the African Slave trade , or the trade in general . The noble lord , he understood , had admitted that the bill was to extend to the African trade only . He thought , however , that their lordships would , upon consideration , find that this mode of proceeding was impracticable , 259 and that , if they consented to put an end to the trade on the coast of Africa , the application of the same principle would necessarily compel them to extend the abolition to the West-India Islands . expressed his anxious wish to see the odious traffic in human beings every where abolished . observed , that he had not opposed the first reading of the bill , because he always considered that proceeding a matter of form , and wished to reserve what he had to say until the subsequent stages of the bill . For the same reason , he should not oppose the motion for printing the bill . As , however , other noble lords had thought fit to bring the subject of the Slave Trade in some degree into discussion , his royal highness would just take the liberty of observing , that he had frequently given his opinion on that important question since he had had a seat in parliament , and his opinion was well known to the house and to the public . His sentiments , he assured their lordships , still remained unaltered , and it would require very great and very unexpected arguments indeed to induce him to change his mind on a subject which he had so maturely considered.—The bill was then read a first time , and ordered to be printed . The order of the day being read for summoning their lordships to take into consideration the Papers relative to the late Negociation with France , rose , and spoke as follows : My lords , having had the honour of presenting to your lordships the Papers relative to the late Negociation between this country and France , it now becomes my duty to move your lordships to address his majesty on the result of that negociation . I do not think it necessary to enter into any lengthened detail upon a subject which is already so fully and amply before your lordships by means of the papers on the table . The documents which are in your lordships ' hands , are fuller and more ample than have been presented to parliament on any former occasion of a similar nature , certainly more so than in those cases respecting which it has formerly been my duty to present papers to parliament . It would not , perhaps , have been advisable that these papers should be so minute in their details , had it not been for the very full , though not equally correct statement published by the French government . It 260 will nevertheless be perceived by your lordships , that there are several omissions in the papers , omissions which could not be supplied without injury to this country or to our allies . It must be evident , that the instructions given to our minister for the regulation of his conduct during the negociation with which he was intrusted , could not be given amongst these documents , without the risk of injury to our interests . To reveal the instructions given to a minister employed to negociate a peace , must necessarily reveal the value which we set upon possessions or upon cessions , and the motives which actuate the government in consenting to give up , or desiring to retain the one , or to insist upon the other : a species of information , which it is evident must be of inestimable advantage to the enemy . It is not merely , however , with respect to ourselves that it becomes important to omit certain documents , but also with a view to the interests of our allies . It is not enough that the publication