restrictions upon the representatives returned . thought it necessary , that a bill of such general interest should not be rapidly carried through its different stages , but that sufficient time should be given for the consideration of the measure . On which account , he concluded , that the proper time to debate the question would be on the second reading of the bill , which he hoped would be fixed for a day sufficiently distant to admit of members being furnished with every information on this important subject . was almost persuaded , that from the number of years which had elapsed since the first discussion of this bill , and from the frequent debates which had since taken place on this subject , as well as the decision of the last parliament , there would be no necessity to postpone its consideration to a more remote period than Tuesday next . was of opinion this period would not be sufficient to admit a meeting of those merchants , who were , above all others , concerned in the present measure ; and therefore requested the noble lord would put off the second reading until this day fortnight . hoped the humane movers of this salutary and merciful measure , would persevere in bringing it , as soon as convenient , again before the house . It had already been submitted , for above a month or six weeks , to the public , during its discussion in the upper house , from which it had come with every recommendation . As that house undoubtedly contained many of the most enlightened and virtuous statesmen , this was a consideration , which he hoped would have its due weight with gentlemen . He concluded with expressing a wish , that the second reading of the bill should not meet with any unnecessary delay . thought with the hon . gent . near him ( Mr. Hibbert ) that time should be given to consider the consequences arising from the passing of the bill just now read . This bill , he was of opinion , would not effect the abolition of the Slave Trade , but rather would become the ruin of the British Colonies in the West Indies , 721 and consequently of our finances in that part of the world . As to the argument resorted to by the noble lord who proposed the motion , he conceived it to be very defective , inasmuch as he was not , nor could he devise how he should be , bound to conform to the decision of the last parliament . thought it necessary to defer the second reading to a more remote day . In which opinion he was supported by Mr. Lethbridge . said , that ; though the uniform enemy of the Slave Trade , and that from a conviction of its injustice , inhumanity , as well as impolicy , yet , when an innovation was about to be made on the private properties of a considerable portion of this commercial country , he could not think the suggested delay of a fortnight unreasonable . He should , if the house divided on this point , certainly vote for the postponement , and therefore could not be content without expressing himself as he had done , lest he might be supposed an enemy to the abolition of this detestable traffic . objected to the day intended for the second reading of the bill , and was at a loss to conjecture the reason of his noble friend 's wishing thus to hurry the bill through its stages . He conceived it would be prudent , in a case of this importance , to furnish the house with a printed account of the evidence in the other house . It should be remembered , that this bill was introduced with the blanks filled up ; and in this respect , not similar to other bills , on their first reading , which originate in this house . From these circumstances , he was induced to hope the noble lord would concur with him in deferring