the way of presenting the navy estimates for the future to that house . He , however , did not think the gentleman equally satisfactory in explain–ing why this additional grant of seamen had not been moved for when the 120,000 men were voted . He could not reconcile it to his mind that it was satisfactory to hear that the first lord of the admiralty did not know upon the 30th of September the number of seamen in the service . He was , however , glad to hear this promise of detail , and hoped it would be extended to articles of expenditure , as well as of sup–ply ; he hoped that the estimates might be printed , and did not see why ( if the measures suggested by the commission of revi–sion were censurable ) the right hon . gent . acceded to them the indulgence of six mouths ' grace . thought it no ground for not continuing the commission of review , to say that its suggestions were not appro–ved of by his majesty 's ministers , because nothing was more possible than that that commission might suggest measures as 533 wise as his majesty 's ministers could do . said , that the commission of revision had never been recommended by the commissioners of naval enquiry . He thought , however , his right hon . friend right in not putting an abrupt close to the proceedings of the commission , particular–ly as it had been stated that the said pro–ceedings would be brought to their desired issue within six months . With respect to what had fallen from a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) , as to the facility of stating the accounts in the form proposed , he begged leave to ask why the gentleman himself had not before adopted a method so easy and so desireable ? said , that when he applied upon a former occasion for the ac–counts of repairs done in ship-merchants ' yards , the answer he received from gentlemen then in power was , that it was a thing impossible to be effected . denied that he had said that the commissioners of review had been recommended by the naval enquiry commissioners . to prove the justice of his al–legations , was willing to lay before the house a minute statement of all the char–ges for the last 8 or 10 years he was in office . asked , if it was fair or consistent , in the same instant , to censure him for laying the accounts before the committee in the usual way , and when he pro–posed a fuller and more satisfactory way of doing the same , to charge him with neglect , because he had not sooner made the discovery . As to granting a longer existence to the commissioners , he did not feel that it involved him in dilemma : the commissioners required time to wind up their labour , and he should have thought it a waste of all the former time and expence , if they were not continued the six months longer . was astonished at the suspicion which seemed to be entertained by the gentlemen on the other side , that because he wished to have the accounts of the navy laid before parliament in a more detailed and intelligible shape than they had hitherto been , he therefore meant any 534 reflection upon those who had preceded him in office . He could assure gentlemen that he had no intention whetever to act with any such hostility . The right hon . gentleman who had just sat down had sta–ted , that such accounts as he desired for the information of parliament , were made out in the offices for several years back , and had gone out of the house to produce a paper to shew that ; but all that he could say to that was , that he could never find such accounts in any of the offices . The old and ordinary mode of making out the accounts was all that he could discover