duty he owed to his constituents . Whatever might have been supposed , the inhabitants of the town of Liverpool were by no means unanimous in resisting the abolition of the slave trade . The noble lord had so ably discussed the general principles of the measure , that he had very little in addition to offer : one obvious effect he would notice , namely , that where the comforts of life were easily acquired , nature would fulfil her own designs , and the multiplication of the species would be secured . From excess of misery , disappointing these her benevolent intentions , the slave trade at first was resorted to ; and when it became the interest of the planters to promote the happiness of this laborious class , the obstruction to the increase would be removed and the population would answer all the beneficial purposes conducive to the prosperity of these settlements . It would banish that horrid maxim so familiar on the islands , that it is better to buy than to breed slaves ; and the principles of humanity would be so fortunately blended with the notions of commercial policy , that the felicity of that unfortunate class of beings would be finally consulted . So far was he from thinking that the islands would be sacrificed by this measure , that he was sanguine enough to believe it would be their salvation . He remembered that the Restriction bill was as much opposed as the present measure of total abolition ; and yet the house had heard from counsel at the bar the other night , that those restrictions had been productive of essential benefits . He could not help strongly condemning that branch of this disgraceful traffic ; which supplied the Africans on the coasts with the means of vice and debauchery , in furnishing them with brandy and fire-arms in exchange for their slaves . He had been doubtful it the gradual abolition of the trade would not be preferable to any sudden interruption to it ; not , indeed , for the sake of those whose fortunes , whether as merchants or planters , were involved in it , but for the sake of the immediate objects of it . He was fearful , that when these were brought to the coasts , and no market was found , they might be massacred on the shores of their country . Feeling this apprehension , he enquired what would be the time necessary to ap-prize the native slave merchants and prevent this calamity , and he was told that a 962 notice of six or nine months was competent for this purpose . The time , therefore , mentioned in the bill would be sufficient in Africa ; and in the West Indies , they had been already aware of the proceedings in that house , and had been , from regard to their own interests , preparing for the event . He did not think he should discharge his duty to his constituents , if he did not urge the claim the West-India merchants had on the public for compensation . But he hoped that the merchants of Great Britain would find in a more extended commerce , a more lasting compensation than a pecuniary one could bestow . It was natural , under the pressure of our present heavy expenditure , to look to the East and to the West for resources to support us through our present arduous struggle . We ought to oppose a great colonial to a great continental power . He thought that our East-India possessions were inseparable from the interests of Great Britain , as a free and independent nation , but there ought to be no exclusive trade in the East-India company . The trade of India ought to be thrown open to the whole body of British merchants . He saw no reason why the harbours of India should be open to the whole world , and shut against British merchants . He hoped the same enlightened policy , which had so eminently distinguished the measures of the present administration , would