. It was asserted that there had been only a trifling reduction in the number of the Volunteers , and yet the computation was professedly made , not from the effective returns , but from the nominal establishment . How was it possible that the Volunteers should not be diminished , when those entering after the 24th of June last were to receive no pay at all ? Under this circumstance a deficiency was a necessary consequence ; and the wisdom of ministers had proposed to supply this by the Training bill , which it now appeared was wholly inoperative . Then , as to the recruiting , the facts stated by the right hon . gent . were entirely different from those 504 which were to be collected from the papers on the table . He might have an accurate account in his pocket , but it would have been more respectful if he had submitted it to the examination of the house . The right hon . the secretary at war had said , that the new mode of recruiting could not be deemed to have commenced until Oct. and Nov. last , and in the former month 1156 , in the latter 1064 men were obtained , or in the total 2220 . Such it appeared in the two favoured months , and in the same of last year no fewer men than 3103 had been acquired , being an excess of 883 men . Such were the advantages of this boasted system . Yet it was not the fair way to govern the estimate by the most favoured periods . In Feb. of last year , 1282 were added , being above 100 more than were produced by the ordinary recruiting ; and by the other mode which was described as suspended , no fewer than 830 were supplied . In the next month the number was 1312 , an excess of 200 upon the new way , and further from Mr. Pitt 's bill 891 ; in April 1088 , and in May 1100 ; and these were four months of last year , by the regular recruiting under Mr. Pitt 's bill , when more men were obtained than in the favoured months of the new mode ; yet this was the scheme by which double the supply was stated to be obtained , not indeed by the accounts on the table of the house , but by other estimates , in the pocket of the right hon . gent . Thus on the Training bill nothing was to be said ; regarding the Volunteers , there was exposed what was worse than nothing ; and the last object , the recruiting , had completely disappointed the expectations of its supporters . The right hon . gent . indulged himself in frequent appeals to the committee . It was true , that such addresses had a certain influence on candid minds ; but he should recollect that these expedients might be carried too far , and even to an extent that neither the house nor the public would patiently bear . On the present plan , the Chelsea allowance , which had so long been the reward of long service and indigent merit , was to be given to those not entitled to such remuneration . He ( Mr. Perceval ) was very apprehensive that such prodigality would be injurious to military discipline . He could not help lamenting that his majesty had been advised to give directions , on the subject of the recruiting , contrary to the established law of the land . The cavalry were now raised for 7 years , and the artillery for five years , 505 but this was not the law . For the former 12 years , for the latter 7 , was the oath of service required , and it was not decent that ministers should anticipate the decisions of parliament , and undertake for such alterations in the term of the service . Then the wording of the conditions on which the service was to be obtained , was careless and inaccurate . If