absurdity to think to find out that his majesty 's present ministers had dime something wrong , for to that , and that only , the right hon . gentleman 's argument would come . All he wanted to know was , whether there was any passage in the letter which referred to any other basis than the treaty of Amiens . As the noble lord had stated that there was no reference to any such basis contained in it , and the noble lord had also declared , that he was satisfied to take the argument upon the papers , as at present before the house , he had no objection , with the permission of the house , to withdraw his motion . begged leave to say a few words on something that had fallen from the learned gent . in a former part of the debate , before the motion should be disposed of . That learned gent . had desired to be informed whether he had received any communication from his majesty 's government before he left France . To this he had to answer that he had not received any communication whatever , Here he begged to state to the house the reason why he had been selected to be the bearer of the communication to Mr. Fox . The letters that had passed between Mr. Fox and M. Talleyrand , had usually been accompanied with private letters . In some 250 of these , Mr. Fox had strongly solicited his ( lord Yarmouth 's ) release from France , where he hed been detained as a prisoner of war three years . He had not himself had the honour of being intimately acquainted with Mr. Fox , and for his kind exertions to obtain his enlargement , he was indebted to good offices with that minister , from a , quarter to which , he must ever look with gratitude and respect . M. Talleyrand imagined , from the interest , Mr. Fox had taken he this application , that the person for whom it was exerted would be most likely to possess his confidence , and therefore it had been that he was very properly selected from the other gentlemen , who were coming over at the same time , to be the bearer of the communication to Mr. Fox . M. Talleyrand always gave him to understand , that the actual state of possession , subject to subsequent exchanges upon equivalents , was the basis of the negociation . M. Talleyrand had also often stated to him , that the basis of the treaty , of Amiens would be a source of endless quarrels ; and that the status quo ante bellum would be liable to the same objection , and that therefore the state of actual possession , subject to exchanges upon just equivalents , was the only basis that could lead to any solid peace . He had also been the bearer of dispatches to France , and when he returned to Paris , the French government continued to consider the state of actual possession as the basis of the negociation , until some circumstances , which it was not necessary to detail to the house , led them to depart from it , and then they objected to it , as if we wanted to make the basis the treaty.—After a few words from Mr. Perceval , the motion was allowed to be withdrawn . This day the house met , conformably to adjournment.—It was or–dered , on the motion of lord Walsingham , that no petitions for private bills be received after the 27th of February next . Also , that no reports from the Judges , upon petitions for private bills be recei–ved after the first day after the Easter recess.—Mr . Hobhouse brought up from the commons a bill for amending and explain–ing the act for regulating the Trial of Contested Elections.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of the secretary of state for Ireland , presented the 32d Report of the trial Com 251 missioners of Accounts , which was ordered to be printed .