ground of objection to the enlargement of this catholic seminary , that it operated to the prejudice of the University of Dublin . The house , by adverting to the Journals of the Irish house of commons , would find , that it was a growing practice with the Roman Catholic 1080 gentry in Ireland , to send their sons to that university , previous to the foundation of the Maynooth seminary . On a former occasion , when these estimates were submitted to a committee of the house , he had argued on the great and numerous benefits which would arise from the joint education of both Roman Catholics and Protestants , in the same university . It was affirmed by the right hon . baronet opposite , ( sir J. Newport , ) that , from the shortness of the period since the relaxation of the penal statute , which precluded the education of a catholic in the university of Dublin , it could not be expected that a great number of catholic students should have embraced that opportunity . But the actual number , whether great or small , could not affect the question ; if the opportunity was taken advantage of by any catholics , however few , it went to prove , that in their minds there existed no prejudice against a participation with their protestant countrymen in the same collegiate education . The Journals of the Irish house of commons gave important information upon that point . In perusing them he had found , that at the period when the measure of founding the Maynooth seminary was submitted to the Irish parliament , the Catholics themselves presented a petition against the inexpediency of excluding the Protestants from the option of being educated there . The prayer of that petition was grounded on the great national benefits a communion of opinion and mutual good-will were so likely to produce . They certainly felt , what every true friend to England and Ireland must feel , that friendship and conciliation would follow , from the professors of the two religions being associated in their education ; and it was with no light source of regret that the circumstances of the case made it necessary to declare , that the opportunity of effecting such beneficial consequences was suffered to escape . Had the public money been at that time expended in enlarging the university of Dublin , instead of adopting the policy of a separate institution , a great object would have been obtained , the benefits arising from which , would be found every day to increase . Indeed it was not saying too much , to assume , that the interests of the Protestant university appeared sacrificed to the advancement of the Catholic seminary . Within a few years , the professors of the latter institution were doubled ; that is , from 9 professors originally , there were now 18 : and for this in- 1081 crease there was no distinct notice ever given to the house . With respect to the other , or contiguous seminary for the education of laymen , there was something in the formation of it very inconsistent ; inasmuch as the private subscriptions on which the parliamentary grant for the education of Catholic clergy was founded , were altogether applied to its support ; and thus that annual grant , which was intended only as an aid , had now become the primary and only fund for defraying the expences attending the education of the priesthood . In the University of Dublin , provision was only made for 100 persons , including fellows , senior and junior scholars , and sizers ; whilst the public were called on to defray the expences of 200 Roman Catholic professors and students in the seminary at Maynooth . The question then was , to what description of persons was this preference given ? To a class of subjects , who , in their religious tenets , withhold from their lawful sovereign the admission of his supremacy . But , it had been contended , that it was wise to prevent the