. It would be satisfactory , he hoped , to the noble lord to find , the country might be relieved without embarrassing the war taxes , and that the 13,800,00l . which he proposed to appropriate to the Supplementary Loans to that object . This Supplementary Loan began at so low an amount as 200,000l . It seemed to be intended as a sort of small charge for the War Taxes ; but when it would have reached its 14th year , this little gentleman would have out grown its parent , and would have amounted to 20,000,000l . The whole amount of the average want at the end of ten years , would be but 7,733,000l . There were to meet this Ways and Means to the amount of 3,200,000l . Thus there would be to be provided only a Loan of 4,500,000l . It would be madness , after the facility of provision he had shewn , to go to the Jews to borrow , and to find the interest of the Loans . In 1816 , the Sinking Fund would not only be capable of furnishing the aid now looked for from it , but also a large sum in addition . Adding , therefore the average annual want of 400,000l . to the loan of the year , and carrying the interest and Sinking Fund of it , amounting to 33,000l . to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund to be replaced by the Sinking Fund as soon as it should afford surplus applicable to this purpose , the whole difficulty would be met . Thus instead of 204,000,000l . of Supplementary loan , only 4,500,000l . would be added to the gross amount of the permanent debt , and only an amount of 33,000l . interest and Sinking Fund , to the permanent charge . The whole of the complicated machinery of the noble lord 's plan , raised story after story , and crowned with cumbrous scaffolding , which threatened to fall and crush the country with its ruins , would thus be dispensed with . There was another principle , which might , as it appeared to him , be applied to the object of the noble lord , namely , that when the amount of the Sinking Fund should exceed the interest of the unredeemed debt , no provision should be made by new taxes for the interest of the loan , but that it should be provided for out of the interest of the 735 debt redeemed in that year . This arrangement would not interfere with the commissioners for the Redemption of the Debt , because they would still have a large sum to bring into the market ; which would keep up the price of stocks . It was one thing to divert the fund in the hands of the commissioners to this purpose , and another to apply the interest of the sums redeemed in the year to the same end . The effect of such a system would be , that the debt would remain stationary during a war , but that the Sinking Fund would again be progressive towards the final redemption of the debt on the conclusion of peace , whilst the system of the noble lord would produce a declining Sinking Fund after it had arrived at its maximum . By the tables of the noble lord it appeared that the Sinking Fund was in the present year 8,515,042l . and that it would be in the year 1811 , 11,140,274l . or 140,000l . more than the loan of that year . If this principle , therefore , of which he was not the parent , though he felt it his duty to mention it as one mode of proceeding , were to be acted upon , and the government would go on for four years , it would exhibit the country to the enemy in that proud situation in which it might carry on the war for any number of years without increasing its debt , and at the end of such war might revert 21 millions of War Taxes