possession of the house , there was no occasion to go into a committee for the purpose of further investigation . What further had the house to learn ? The hon . baronet had read the papers once , and some of them even twice , and had made his observations upon them . What , then , could be gained by going into a committee ? And he would ask , whether such a breach of privilege had been proved , as rendered the matter worthy of investigation by a committee of privileges ? It had been stated , that he had said that the petition had been too long delayed . He had said so , and avowed it . It was signed , he observed , by several members of parliament , and these might have brought forward the business without any petition , and ought to have done it the first moment it was possible . Such was the anxiety of the house to consider questions of privilege , that they had the pecedence of every other business , and this question might have been discussed even before his majesty 's speech . The inference he drew from this was , that they did not think this breach of privilege as one of much consequence , and had accordingly allowed it to sleep for a time for some purpose or other . It had been said , he did not know with what truth , that it was in order to find the right petition ; which an hon . member had signed , supposing it to be another petition , and he was sorry he was not present , for if he had been in the house , he thought it possible he would have confessed that he did not know what he had signed . His hon . friend ( Mr. Fremantle ) had observed , that he had no previous notice of the charge which it was meant to bring against him . But what could be said of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery , ) who had brought a most serious charge against an hon . member , not only without notice , but even in his absence ? A more indecorous , a more unprecedented proceeding , and a conduct more improper from one gentleman to another never was witnessed.— ( A loud cry of order , order . ) rose and said , that during the long time that he had sat in parliament , he never heard more improper 767 and more unparliamentary language from one gentleman to another . He called upon the Chair to say whether that was proper language to use in that house . said , that certainly in the sense in which the hon . gent . understood them , the words might as well have been spared . in continuation asked , whether it could be thought that it was his object to make two gentlemen quarrel ? If his words could be supposed to have that tendency , the hon . gent . had to be sure very much mended the matter . He would not , however , be led away by the broad hint Which the hon . gent . had thrown out . A right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Rose ) had said on a former night , that this was unprecedented conduct on the part of government . Such a petition as this might , indeed , be called unprecedented , and yet after all the search of the right hon . gent . he could find nothing but this charge , which in truth amounted to nothing . If it had been brought in as an illustration of something else , as other illustrations had been made use of , then it might have been good for something , but as it stood now it was nothing . What was the letter ? It was one by which his hon . friend begged a favour of another person . To be sure ; if he had been an older