have no objection to grant some money on account , if it was wanted immediately , as had been said by the secretary of the treasury . But his object was , from a careful examination of the contents of the papers , to see whether there was not room for reform in the expenditure . The first argument of the secretary at war was futile , and his second was not better . What was his objection ? Why , that these papers would convey information to the enemy . Of what could they convey information ? Delay was not his object . He was anxious to see how far the numerous pledges economy which the gentlemen on the other side had made such a bluster about while in opposition , had been redeemed . Their conduct might not perhaps come to be discussed on the 461 present occasion . But other opportunities would occur , when it would appear that they had not attended to that economy about which they had formerly talked so much , but that they had granted new and extravagant salaries to themselves— ( hear ! hear ! ) On the principal points in these papers there could not in the present circumstances be much saving . But a great deal of saving might be made in many contingent particulars . It was to the extraordinaries of the army that he wished to turn his attention in a particular manner . On that point he wanted to be fully informed , and that was the reason why he desired the whole of these papers to be printed . observed , that he now understood , from the hon . gent . that he wished not for delay , but that all he wanted was to be fully informed on this subject , in order to see whether ministers had acted up to those principles of economy which they had formerly professed , and whether they had shewn an inclination to redeem their pledges to the public . If that was the ground on which the hon . gent . rested his motion , he would be inclined to withdraw his opposition . He was anxious that all the measures of the administration should be carefully and minutely examined and canvassed . The hon . gent . had said that they had wasted the public money , and granted new and exorbitant salaries to themselves . He wished that their conduct should be sifted to the bottom , and hoped that since these charges had been preferred , they would be speedily brought forward , that the house and the country might have an opportunity of judging of their validity . Now , if it should be understood that the discussion of the Army Estimates should not be delayed , though the papers should not be printed in time , he had no objection to withdraw his opposition with this reservation . The noble lord on the other side had said that the abstract would answer his purpose . If more was wanted , it was unfortunate that the motion had not been made sooner . The hon . gent . had given no notice of it , and he was not prepared to say how far the danger of communicating information to the enemy might be increased by printing the whole of the papers . If , therefore , the hon . gent . would postpone his motion till to-morrow , an opportunity would be afforded of comparing the papers . [ The secretary at war here mentioned to him , that the only difference was in the greater particularity of the de 462 tails ] . His hon . friend had informed him , that there was no material difference , and therefore he would agree to the motion , it being understood that there should be no delay of the discussion ; for to that he could not consent . observed , that he would not oppose the vote of such a sum as might be immediately wanted , and this he conceived would remove all inconvenience . said , that every