to the West Indies . What ! to be torn from the bosom of his family at the midnight hour , and in the unsuspecting security of sleep , and be transported in chains to eternal slavery , and this is the gracious boon of the slave captains to the wretched inhabitants of that ill-fated country ! I admire their ideas of humanity . O amiable philanthro–pists ! O benevolent crusaders ! thus to become voluntary missionaries in this peri- 976 lous pilgrimage , purely to impart happiness to the sable sons of sorrow ! But how is this kindness returned ? —by ingratitude , worse than the sin of witchcraft . The African is so stupid and so sulky , that he neither perceives nor acknowledges the blessings thus conferred upon him . But how presumptuous is man to square the happiness of other beings by any ideal standard of his own ! To what absurdity , as well as cruelty , would this lead ! I re–member seeing a poacher in a warren sewing up the mouth of his ferret to prevent it in–juring the fur of the rabbits , and upon my remonstrating against the cruelty , he posi–tively asserted that the animal liked the operation . Great stress has been laid upon the opinions of governors , and par–ticularly those of the two gentlemen last in the government of Jamaica . Sir , I have long known the character of those excellent officers to be in the highest degree re–spectable . But the situation of governor does in a great degree prevent the possi–bility of obtaining accurate information . Every thing he hears must be through an interested medium . On his visits be would see nothing but cheerfulness . Every face whether white or black , would be dressed in holiday smiles—he would never hear the secrets of the prison house . Besides , the domestic slaves and the artizans , being under the immediate eye of the master , are free from the tyranny of the driver . If governors in general are liable to be de–ceived by appearances , those who have been in that situation pending this question can not be less so ; the higher you go in rank for information , the lower you de–scend in the scale of evidence ; what you might gain in weight of authority , you would lose in weight of testimony . Here the hon . general stated several striking facts illustrative of the cruelty exercised upon slaves , which had fallen under his own observation , during the former war in the British Province of South Carolina . These instances I adduce , ( said he ) as bearing upon the general question of the slave trade ; but which I disclaim as having any reference to the West-India traders , and planters , for whom I unfeignedly pro–fess a high respect ; for many of them , in–dividually , sincere personal regard ; and particularly my hon . friend on the opposite side ( Mr. Barham ) , who has manifested the disinterestedness of his manly mind , by voting for the abolition of the slave trade , though evidently injurious to his personal 977 interest . But the oppression I have wit–nessed , tends to shew the dangers of trusting man with unlimited power over his fellow man , particularly where the base and low are `` clothed with a little brief authority . '' The impression has ever since rested upon my mind ; for , `` taught by that Power that pities me , I learned to pity them . '' But a new and monstrous doctrine has lately sprung up , that the slave trade is justified by Scripture : what shall we say to the presumption , that calls down the divine attributes of Justice and Mercy , in aid of this unhallowed traffic ? will any one pre–sume to say , that the black man is not called into existence , by the same fiat of Omnipotence , that has summoned the white man from the dust , to bear the image of his Maker ?