machiavelian tricks of the court of Saint Cloud could be effectually opposed only by the candour and manly simplicity of Mr. Fox . He did not look upon a negociation on the basis of the treaty of Amiens , as so very alarming as it was described to be out of doors . Though Bonaparte might gain ships and colonies and commerce , he could never gain a growth of English sailors , and therefore we had nothing to fear . The superior skill and elegance of our fabrics would always secure the commerce and manufactures of our country . He was of opinion , that the assassin whom Mr. Fox denounced , was a spy of the French government , like Mehée de la Touche . Only three points were agreed upon in the long negociation that had taken place , the integrity of the Turkish Empire , the cession of Hanover , and the right of Great Britain to interfere with the arrangements of the Continent . We refused , however , to treat further without Russia , and on what ground ? We had no treaty with Russia , except the treaty of concert . That was a treaty of subsidy and of military operations . In this sense it could not be in force , for since the battle of Austerlitz , no Russian army had acted , and therefore no subsidy could be claimed . The basis of the uti possidetis , subject to exchange and cession , had been acted upon . It was impossible to imagine any thing so vague as the principle of a peace honourable to both parties ; for the honour of each , and what that honour required , was entirely in its own conception . He condemned the employing of a person , not used to diplomatic transactions , in the conduct of the negociation . If an experienced person had been employed , the basis would have been early acknowledged , or the negociation would have been broken off . The negociation was meant but to entrap ; and hence the aversion to written documents . The proposition to indemnify the king of Naples by the seizure of the Hanse Towns , ought to have been rejected with indigna- 338 tion . He thought the reasons assigned by the noble lord for producing his full powers , ought to acquit ministers on that ground . The noble lord said , in his first note to general Clarke , that he was ready to discuss the basis of a general peace . Hence it was to be inferred , that the basis was not considered as settled . He should have thought that lord Lauderdale would have been instructed to bring this matter to a conclusion . Till the 20th of April absolutely nothing was done , and the whole six months passed in negociation were nugatory . Though it might be a question , whether M. d'Oubril had exceeded his powers in concluding the treaty he had signed , there could be no doubt that he had authority to treat separately ; and there were even rumours that negociations were going on at Petersburgh at the present moment . He thought we should consider , therefore , whether Russia had a claim on us for all this attention , amounting to a refusal to make peace without her , even when there could be no assurance that she was as decidedly with us . As to the question respecting Hanover , there was no Briton that was not prepared to make any sacrifice for its recovery , if the loss of his majesty 's electoral dominions would produce a wrinkle on the brow of his declining years . He could not agree with the noble lord , that , if we had secured Sicily and Dalmatia , we might have given up all our other conquests . He saw no reason why we should not have claimed Naples as well as Sicily . It appeared to him extraordinary , that the question of indemnity for the king of Sardinia , who had been abandoned at the treaty