near so considerable as it was 12 months ago . But all these notwithstanding the silence of the speech , must be the subject of future discussion parliament.—There were also some other 24 topics not alluded to in the speech , to which should call the attention of their lordships . He would say nothing at present of the expeditions which sailed from the enemy 's ports , two of which had committed such devastation in the West Indies ; but he could not be silent on the subject of the expeditions which had been fitted out from this country . One of these remained three months in the Downs—a delay perfectly inexplicable to him , but for which however it was possible ministers , when the subject came to be discussed , might be able to adduce sufficient reasons . Causes had been assigned for this delay by rumour which could scarcely become the subject of debate in that house , but to which he could not avoid alluding . It had been said that difficulties had arisen in consequence of the appointment of an officer to the chief command of a rank inferior to that from which officers for commands in chief were usually taken . This was a point which he could not argue in that house , but when such men as general Spencer , and sir Arthur Wellesley , officers who had been engaged in service in almost every part of the world , were passed over in order to give a command to an officer of inferior rank , it naturally excited some surprise , and might not exactly accord with the feelings of officers of superior rank , who had been engaged in a variety of service ; not that he meant to insinuate that the officer appointed to the command to which he had alluded was not perfectly fitted for that situation by talents and military . skill.—He would next come to the most material point alluded to in the speech from the throne . With respect to the disasters winch had fallen upon Prussia , he agreed with his noble friend , that there could be but one feeling in the house . With respect to the cause of those disasters , it was impossible that any two men could differ . It arose from the narrow policy in which Prussia had . Encircled herself . Had his Prussian majesty , or those who advised him , consulted history , they would have discovered that they who lent their aid to have others devoured , would be at last devoured themselves . He approved as much as any of his majesty 's ministers , of the proceedings which had been adopted towards Prussia on account of her unjust aggression upon Hanover , and the measures which she submitted to against the commerce of this country . He approved also of the manner in which we suspended our particular quarrel , when she 25 was on the point of being involved with France , though he could not account for the delay which took place in communicating with her . No direct communication with . Prussia appeared to have taken place until hostilities were on the eve of commencing . This was to him a subject of great regret . He lamented that a communication with her had not been opened sooner ; that no disposition had been manifested to assist or encourage her , when it was evident that a war between her and France was not to be avoided . It was not until October that ministers had though proper to endeavour to open a communication with Prussia , and the noble lord ( Morpeth ) , to whom they confided this important mission , than whom they could not have selected one more proper , was , from the unhappy events which occurred , unable to fulfil it . They afterwards thought proper to send out a military mission , at th head of which was a noble lord ( Hutchinson ) , a member of that house . This , however was not until 3 weeks after the