of statutes , bearing testimony to the constant direction of the care of the government towards that object : till , at last , the work was complete.—But , sir , as if it were to confound the speculations of human wisdom , 866 and to humble the pride of man , these schemes , reared upon a foundation apparently so solid , by workmen so able , have been inadequate to the object they had in view . It is an assertion now pretty generally made , that the system of our poor-laws has served to degrade those whom it was intended to exalt , to destroy the spirit of independence , throughout our land ; to hold out hopes which can not be realized ; to encourage idleness and vice ; and to produce a superfluous population , the offspring of improvidence , and the early victim of misery and want . That which in speculation ought to have been our glory , has been turned to our reproach , A committee of this house , appointed to enquire into the state of the poor of Ireland ( where great wretchedness is said to prevail ) and to suggest some remedy , have solemnly rejected the system of your poor-laws , as likely , not only to be exceedingly oppressive to the land-owner , but to aggravate the distress of those for whose relief they would be enacted.—Sir , there has been a great revolution in the public mind . Till within a very few years of the period in which I am speaking , the 43d of Elizabeth was , if I may be allowed the expression , considered as the bible on this subject . Many persons observing the rapid increase of the burthens imposed by that statute , have projected plans of reform , and the legislature has adopted many new acts : but they have all proceeded upon the same principle . No one ever ventured to surmise that the system itself was radically defective and vicious : and even the last projector , Mr. Pitt , to whose benevolent intention I wish to bear sincere testimony ; proceeded upon the supposition that the base upon which we had so long stood was stable and sound . His plan proved abortive , and indeed in most of its parts it was , I am confident , absolutely impracticable . I might presume to mention myself as having , about the same time , and before , at a still earlier date , proposed to the house the adoption of some regulations , which I then thought would be beneficial . The house did not , in either instance , think proper to pass them : and , sir , having now in view objects of a much more extensive nature , it is not my intention again to revive those regulations . But , sir , the period is arrived , in which I think it seems , by common consent , to be admitted , that some steps must be taken . You have lately had severe visitations from the hand 867 of Providence , which have roused your attention to the state of your community . It has been said , that those calamities have been greatly increased by the depression they have occasioned of the character of your labouring poor . It has been said , that necessity having overcome the honest pride which formerly withheld a man from resorting to parochial relief , he no longer cares to recover his independence , but now voluntarily resorts to that assistance which he would before have indignantly avoided.—That such was the effect during the continuance of scarcity ( and even since it has ceased ) no man can deny : but , sir , I am willing to believe , and not without ground , that that effect is gradually wearing off ; that the mind of the labouring class is recovering its elasticity , and that the proper pride of independence has , in a degree at least , resumed its place.—Sir , by the accurate returns which have of late