would be more than economy ; it would be worse than parsimony ; keep the Roman catholic at home ; home education will promote alle- 940 giance ; foreign education can engender no great loyalty ; kept at home and taught to love his country , he must revere its government . thought the institution highly impolitic , and maintained that catholicism in Ireland should be discouraged rather than upheld . warmly supported the institution , and illustrated its policy , by an allusion to a certain occurrence in the French revolution , at the expulsion of the priests , and the consequent degradation of the protestant clergy . approved of the principle of the institution.—The resolutions were then agreed to , and on the house resuming , the report was ordered to be received on Monday . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Slave Trade Abolition Bill . suggested the propriety of deferring the hearing of counsel till Monday , on the ground that on the first reading of the bill , it was understood that the whole of this day was to be occupied with this most important question , and that at that hour of the evening it was not likely there would be such an attendance to hear the arguments of counsel with patience and decorum , as the magnitude of the measure required . was as much disposed as any man to consider this as a question of great importance : perhaps it was the most important that had ever been submitted to a legislative body ; but when the louse was told that this was an inconvenient hour to hear counsel , and to hear counsel alone , for it was understood that no debate was to follow , he did not see how such an assertion could be supported . He certainly regretted that such a delay had occurred , which was to be attributed to the unexpected time that had been occupied by the public business that had been brought forward on that evening . It was not a very late hour , and he was of opinion , that there was a fuller attendance at that time than could be expected at the hour proposed by the hon . gent . opposite.—Gen . Gascoyne declaring that he did not mean to persevere in his recommendation of postponement , counsel were then called in , in the following order : Mr. Dallas , for the merchants and planters of Jamaica ; Mr. Alexander , for the 941 merchants of London trading to Africa ; Mr. Scarlett , for the merchants and planters of Trinidad ; Mr. Clarke , for the mayor , corporation , and merchants of Liverpool . After Mr. Dallas had pleaded at considerable length , he prayed , that evidence might be called in to prove the truth of his assertions . He was then ordered to withdraw , and gen. Gascoyne moved , that evidence should be called to the bar . Mr. Fuller seconded the motion . was persuaded , that the hon . gent . could not believe that the motion would be acceded to . Not any thing that the counsel had stated was new to the house , except one point , the relative situation of St. Domingo and Jamaica , and this was a mere matter of opinion . If after so many years of enquiry , the house still went on to investigate this subject , they would never come to a decision . deemed it extremely unfair to prevent evidence from being heard in support of the opinions of the learned counsel . As to what the noble lord said about opinion , what was the state of this country ? Was it not governed by opinion ? Was not the admiralty influenced by the opinion of a noble earl , a near connection of the noble lord 's ( earl St. Vincent ) , who had the other evening made a speech on this subject in the house of lords ? He was desirous of hearing the evidence of those who were acquainted with