an undescribed character ( sous un caractère queloonque ) in 68 order to treat with us upon the subsisting differences between the two courts , and upon other matters of importance . Immediate measures were taken to facilitate the journey of baron Jacobi . That no intimation of the views of Prussia had been sooner received by our ambassador at Paris , was not at all attributable to any want of diligence , ability , and activity displayed on the part of the noble lord who conducted that mission in a manner so eminently worthy of his character , and so well calculated , had an appropriate disposition existed on the part of the enemy , to bring it to an amicable conclusion . But no opportunity offered to that noble lord to ascertain the altered views of Prussia . When , however , the intelligence of the alteration reached this country , ministers were not slow to act upon it . Baron Jacobi , whose proposals to this country turned out , after all , to be quite unsatisfactory , did not reach Hamburgh until the 1st of October , nor arrive in London until the 10th ; nor communicate his propositions to his majesty 's ministers until the 11th ; and the battle of Auerstadt , it will be recollected , was fought on the 14th of that month.—From this statement , the house and the country will be enabled to appreciate the hon . gent . 's censure upon the conduct of his majesty 's ministers in this transaction . That the conduct of Prussia towards the British government was not such as allowed the latter the least opportunity of affording her any timely or effectual assistance , must be obvious . But still more unaccountable was the course pursued by that court with regard to Russia her ally , who was pledged by treaty to assist her . The resolution of Prussia actually to commence hostilities was first communicated to the Russian government , by count Krusemark , who was dispatched with that intelligence to St. Petersburgh , which he did not reach until the 30th of September . The moment the tidings were conveyed to the magnanimous sovereign of Russia , orders were issued to set the troops in motion , and on the 5th of October an army was marched off under general Benigsen . Such was the procrastination of Prussia , even towards a court with whom she had no differences to adjust , from whom she had a right to call for immediate aid , and such was the course that rendered not only this country , but Russia , unable to afford her any effectual assistance ! Upon all the points referred to relative to Prussia , I believe I have satisfac- 69 torily replied to the hon . gent . I will add , that it was the inclination and purpose of ministers to afford every assistance and advice in their power to aid the cause and to restore the interests of Prussia . The hon . gent . has said , that we have sent a minister to that court when the war was over . But I beg it to be remembered , that we could scarcely have expected that the battle of Auerstadt would have produced such direful consequences as have since arisen . I also beg to state , that the delay which took place in the departure of a noble lord ( Hutchinson ) was owing to two causes , first , that the noble lord was not in England when it was deemed adviseable to send him to the continent ; and secondly , that he did not clearly understand my first message to him . But when the mistake was removed , no time was lost in his lordship 's departure , and I feel confident that the selection of this nobleman for such a mission , is a measure not likely to be found fault with by any man.—Now , as to the hon . gent . 's remarks upon the negociation , he has declined to enter fully into the subject