printed , the certain consequence would be , that they would get into the newspapers , and the enemy would thus become acquainted with the distribution of our whole military force . could not possibly listen in silence to the attack again made by the hon . gent . on the Board of Ordnance , otherwise he should not have risen on the present occasion : for , two years ago , he had himself moved that the Army Estimates should be printed . Not being aware of any difference in the circumstances of that period and the present , he should feel it his duty to support the hon . gent . 's motion . With regard to what the hon . gent . had again said , in implication of the board of ordnance , the state of the case was precisely this , a large equipment of stores and ordnance was sent for from the island of Ceylon . It was particularly demanded by the commanding officer , that English gunpowder should be sent out , because , as be stated , the powder in the island was so bad , that not only an immediate supply was necessary , but also a future annual supply . He had on a former occasion told the hon . 455 gent . that it was not intended by the board to send an annual supply : but in an immediate supply could the hon . gent . see nothing but a question of money ? When ordnance was sent to a distant possession , would it have been expedient , by withholding ammunition , to risk the lives and honour of his majesty 's troops , and the security of that possession , for a small and temporary saving ? The order for the powder must first have been sent to the continent of India , and the powder have been thence transmitted to Ceylon ; and who could have insured its arrival at the time of the arrival of the ordnance ? Therefore , although he allowed that powder was dearer in this country than in India , yet he defended the policy of sending it in this instance , and maintained that the board of ordnance stood completely exculpated , and were undeserving of the severe censure which the hon . gent . had thought proper to pass upon them . In future , assuredly , the powder for Ceylon would be procured from India . As to the question before the house , no inconvenience had arisen from the printing of the army estimates two years ago ; none was likely to arise in the present instance , and he should therefore vote for their being printed . in answer to the first objection made to the motion by the right hon . secretary , namely , that the estimates were extremely voluminous , declared , that that was the very circumstance which induced the hon . gent . who had just sat down , two years ago to move for their being printed ; it not being possible for each member to have recourse to the sole copy , which was on the table of the house . As to dangerous disclosures , the Abstract , which on that evening had been ordered to be printed , would convey to the enemy all the information that they could possibly obtain from the estimates , for that abstract stated the amount of our military force in different parts of the world . He could not help thinking , that the change in the side of the house on which some hon . gentlemen sat , had made a wonderful difference in their sentiments on the policy of producing and printing papers . As no mischievous effects had resulted from the printing of the estimates , he should certainly support the motion . thought the motion was only an indirect attempt to put off the debate on the Army Estimates ; for it must 456 be evident to every member of the house , that it was impossible those estimates could be printed by Wednesday . He