on the basis of the uti possidetis came from France . The overture contained in the letter which his learned friend moved for , referred to 248 the basis of the treaty of Amiens . It was also to be observed that the French government had uniformly throughout denied having acceded to the basis of the uti possidetis . The question , therefore , to be ascertained was , whether France had at any time , and if she had , when , consented to that basis . On the face of the papers there did not appear any basis but the treaty of Amiens , to have been proposed by the French government ; whereas his majesty 's declaration positively asserted , that the first overture had come from France to negociate on the basis of actual possession . The noble lord , therefore , could not but be sensible of the necessity of setting this variance right , because , though the French government had shuffled on almost every other subject , they had uniformly held out on this . Upon this fact , therefore , the two governments were committed , and he must say , that the declaration was not borne out by the papers . He could not conceive how this could be got over , if no other documents could be produced , unless perhaps it should be said that there was no negociation , till that second negociation commenced when lord Yarmouth was sent over . He thought it essential that every document should be produced , that could throw any light upon this subject , because he thought every other part of the negotiation comparatively unimportant . Upon the decision of this fact , as to the basis of the negociation , it appeared to him that the faith of the two governments would stand or fall ; and therefore he was of opinion , that every light should be afforded to the house upon the subject . stated that there were certainly no papers that could be produced in which the uti possidetis was recognized formally by the French government . That fact however was established in the communications with the French government , and clearly supported by the authority of lord Yarmouth 's word . He had no objection to rest the whole of the case on the papers then on the table , and he felt no apprehension , that when the subject should come to be discussed on Monday , he should prove by arguments founded on these papers , that every statement in his majesty 's declaration was fully borne out by the documents on the table . did not mean to insinuate that lord Yarmouth 's word was not a sufficient authority , but he would not admit 249 that he had not a right to question whether the interpretation of the words in which the basis was supposed to be contained , was correct or not . rose just to make a single observation . When his noble friend had assured the learned gentleman that no part of the remainder of the letter for which he had moved had any reference to the case , it appeared to him that his word might have been taken . As to the point upon which the learned gent . seemed , to be so anxious for information , that was precisely the case that was to be discussed on Monday next . He was only surprized that the learned gent . should have expected to discover in some other part of the letter a basis different from that contained in the part that has been extracted . If the learned gent . Had looked , a little farther into it , he might , perhaps , have found wherewith to satisfy his curiosity . All that part of the letter that related to the case , had been submitted to his majesty , and certainly there was no necessity for laying any more of it before parliament . pleaded guilty to the absurdity charged upon him by the right hon . gent. , if it was an