means unparliamentary terms , to express the sensations of petitioners produced by any antecedent act of that house ; the other words so much complained of , insist or demand , seemed to be misunderstood , they were addressed to the house as in its judicial capacity . fully concurred with an hon , gent . as to the necessity of dismissing from their minds every consideration that tended to irritate or influence . He was aware that it was necessary to hear with temper , in order to decide with firmness . He had gone through the election contest without heat , intemperance , or animosity upon his part , and he should not now be hurried to abandon that moderation to which he had been recently so much indebted . He flattered himself that he had the good fortune to have the best wishes of the hon . member who presented the petition ; he had been benefited by his intercourse , and had occasionally been honoured with the enjoyment of his hospitality ; he did therefore think that the hon . gent . would have done more justice to his well-known candour , if he had in his application to different friends upon the subject , had some previous communication with him ( Mr. S. ) , before he had presented a charge in which he was so per- 1038 sonally involved . He was still more at a loss to account for this omission , when he recollected that a noble lord ( Folkestone ) had done so upon a similar occasion . As to the petition now before the house , he believed he had given the strongest proof in his power of his earnest anxiety , that the prayer of that petition should be promptly acceded to , and that all practicable dispatch should be resorted to , in order to facilitate enquiry the most strict and extensive into the grounds of all allegations complaining of a breach of the privileges of that house , or relating to any conduct of his , touching the late election of Westminster . As to the wording of the petition , he had two reasons for not wishing to reject it on that head ; his parliamentary conduct was evidence that he had been uniformly a zealous advocate for the subject 's right of petition , and would now be the last man in that house to reject a petition for having indiscreetly made use of hot and hasty words ; but he had another and a paramount reason for not rejecting the petition , and that was , that he believed in his soul , that if that petition went to a committee of privileges , it would be to the chagrin and utter disappointment of the petitioners themselves . He argued against the inconsistency of coaxing an hon . member to withdraw his petition , in order not to compromise the dignity of the house , as such solicitation went effectually to compromise it ; and denied that the house could ever feel a difficulty in a question that involved the assertion of its honour . though in a very small Minority upon a former night , against the , right hon . gent. , felt it now equally incombent upon him to resist the motion that gentleman had seconded ; he thought the language of the petition extremely indecorous . The petitioners complained of their being disfranchised , and the two reasons upon which they grounded that opinion , were truly extraordinary . The first was , that one of their representatives was engaged in the service of his king and country , and could not attend to his duties as a senator . This circumstance , if it constituted either disqualification or disfranchisement was well known to them at the time they elected him for Westminster . The other reason was , that in consequence of the decision of this house , their legal representative was prevented from immediately taking his place in this house . If this could be considered as a cause of disfranchisement , 1039 it most certainly existed ,