. He was convinced from reflection , and the conversation of sensible people , that a radical change of measures was absolutely necessary to the salvation of the country . A rigid economy would be that radical change . It had not yet been tried , and he recommended it as the first and easiest expedient . The hon . gent . concluded by moving this resolution : `` That the `` assignment of a salary to any member of `` the house as , chairman of the committee `` of Ways and Means , is unnecessary , and , `` in the present circumstances of the `` country , inexpedient . `` —It was some time before the motion was seconded . A member having however given it that formal claim to consideration , rose . He thanked his hon . friend for the favourable sentiments he entertained of his majesty 's ministers , who , he assured him , were determined to practise the economy recommended in his majesty 's speech . He exceedingly regretted , however , that the motion of his hon . friend was of such a sort as placed him under the necessity of appearing to resist that disposition , which had been manifested by his majesty , with regard to public economy . He felt as strongly as his hon . friend , or as any one , the necessity of economy , and of confining within the narrowest possible limits the supplies for those efforts which were now more than ever requisite . But feeling the obligation imposed by the pledges which had been given , he was sure that it was not his majesty 's intention to limit an expence which was necessary for the due execution of a laborious and indispensable duty . This was not one of the points to which that economy could be properly applied . His hon . friend had fallen into two mistakes . He had alluded to a person , as appointed to this duty , for which , indeed , none could be better qualified . But the fact was , that no such appointment had been made . It was only when the house was in a particular committee , and when a call was made for such a person , that the appointment of a chairman took place . There had as yet been no such committee , nor had there been any such call . His hon . friend had fallen into another mistake . No salary was at present fixed for the place . Since the revolution , till of late years , there had been a salary attached to it , which had been paid out of the civil list . But the 231 house thinking it inconsistent with their privileges , that the person who discharged a duty in which they were particularly concerned , should be paid in this manner , abolished the practice , and at the end of every session voted such a remuneration as to them seemed proper . If then his hon . friend had any objection to this , it would come better at the end of the session , when the vote of remuneration should be proposed . But what were the duties of this office ? It was necessary that the person who held it , should be prepared with a full knowledge of the business of the house , and all its public duties , and that he should be acquainted with , and explain its orders when in a committee . He was bound to attend from the sitting of the house to its rising ; all which would require time , attention , ability , and a great deal of personal labour . In every respect his hon . friend ( Mr. Hobhouse ) was well qualified ; and certainly , whoever performed the duty well , was entitled to some remuneration . But his hon . friend supposed that the duty might be performed by other officers of the crown , who had abundance of leisure for it . All he would say to that