3422 were procured for rank , and 1073 were mere boys ; leaving only 707 men as the produce of their boasted exertions , which could possibly be considered a beneficial acquisition to the army . Let these vain and illusive attempts be compared , not with the promises , but with the advantageous effects of the measures of his right hon . friend , and he could entertain no fear that the consequence would meet the wishes a every friend to the military strength of the country . The hon . and learned gent . loudly complained that his right hon . friend had changed his opinion : before , the Additional Force bill was to raise money , now it was to raise men . No doubt it was for this duplex object . If you had the men from the parochial districts , the force was augmented ; if you had not the men , the money was obtained . Such a plan was , in the sequel , found to be destructive of the regular recruiting ; and , if men were procured by it , they were either boys , or men deficient in stature , and of course not suited to the public service . With these objections to it , the scheme had been very properly abandoned . In this situation of things it was , that the prudent expedients of his right hon . friend were resorted to , which have attracted so violent an opposition from the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) . Whatever assistance the noble lord should require from the papers , with ministers to assist him in detecting their errors , should be supplied ; but he ( lord H ) must protest against the charge , so frequently repeated , that his right hon . friend had at any time declared , that any sudden and extensive addition to the public force could by such means be acquired . He could confidently appeal to every gentleman who heard his right hon . friend , that no such pretensions were made ; on the contrary , it was urged , that all that could be expected from the measure was a gradual and progressive improvement , derived principally from the amelioration of the condition of the army , and from the conviction in the public mind , of the increased respectability of our military establishments . After this explanation , he hoped he should hear no more of any precipitate effects , and that debates in that 509 house would not be needlessly protracted by calling for elucidations of subjects which had been so often discussed . How , then , did the real question before the committee actually stand ? An opportunity of Comparison could only at present be afforded from the 20th of October ; as the regulations were pursued , more means would be supplied . The hon . and learned gent . had talked of February , March , and April , and many other periods , but no comparison could be made , as the information before the committee was limited to October . Availing himself , then , of all the intelligence received on the subject , the relative effect appeared thus : the regular recruiting in 1805 , from the 20th of October to the 15th of the present month , produced 1208 men ; under the new measures , 2155 in the same interval were obtained , yielding an addition of 947 men . But the learned gent . said , that this was an unfair comparison , because the recruiting , at the former period was obstructed by the Parish bill . It would be in the recollection of many gentlemen , that the hon . and learned gent . had before said , that there could exist no such obstruction . He ( lord H. ) could not avoid complimenting the hon . and learned gent . on this unexpected and happy exercise of his discernment ; he would , for the sake of further illustration , next advert to a time when , from the great scarcity