. This measure these great men left as a legacy to this house and to their country : the success of it lay near their hearts , and was one of the last wishes expressed by my illustrious predecessor . Upon this great question , which was nothing less than to give peace and happiness to Africa , all other differences for a moment subsided : `` Concidunt venti , fugiuntque nubes . '' This is a subject which is most worthy of the attention of the house of commons , and I trust it will be successfully carried lamented , that on this subject he had to contend not only against argument but prejudice , and without that evidence , which , if admitted , would have shewn the dangerous tendency of the present measure . He declared himself , upon every view of the subject , and after mature 957 consideration , confirmed in his former opinion . But that opinion had not been fairly represented . The noble lord had said , that there was an individual so charmed with the slave trade , that even if it were abolished , he would move for its re-establishment ; but his ( gen. Gascoyne 's ) words were to this effect ; that seeing all the consequences which resulted from the slave trade , and the flourishing state of the colonies , and that no other method had been found out for bringing them into that state but the cultivation by slaves , and that under this system our navy and commerce had so flourished , he should , rather than that our colonies should remain uncultivated , wish the slave trade to be continued . Had the noble lord been candid enough to have agreed to the production of evidence , he could not have denied this statement ; but having rejected that evidence , which the learned counsel had offered to produce to substantiate their allegations , nothing remained but matters of mere assertion and opinion . This was a question of great importance to the commercial interests of the country in general , and to the town of Liverpool in particular . The noble lord had first adverted to the evidence which had been given in the year 1792 , with respect to enormities in this trade then existing ; but what proof had he brought forward of any thing similar now ? The noble lord had stated what had been the case 20 , and in some instances 40 or 50 years ago , and quoted them as present existing evils . He had stated many of those evils which formerly existed in the middle passage , before the restrictions and regulations of late years had been adopted . He had made an appeal to the passions whilst he excluded the evidence of existing facts . There was no one who would say that slavery was better than freedom ; at the same time , looking at this subject as a matter of policy , it was requisite to consider , first of all , what immediately related to ourselves , rather than what respected others . The noble lord had even applied the epithets of robbers , murderers , & c. , and that not to the traders alone , but also to the colonists . What ! did the noble mean to represent them as so cruel that no justice was to be expected from them ? Surely this was a gross and an ill-founded charge ! But this he would maintain , that never had a proceeding of such magnitude been brought into that house , wherein there had been such a want of justice and candour 958 as to refuse the production of evidence . The noble lord had demanded , who were the persons that would appear , but such as were interested ? Undoubtedly , those persons would have appeared , who felt themselves injured by this measure . It had been proposed to adduce , also , the evidence of two most respectable persons , one a member of the upper house , and the other a