from his slave . Sir , it is not the Slave Trade , but the abuses incident to that trade to which the preamble of this Bill can be properly applied . There can be no ques–tion concerning the injustice , inhumanity , and impolicy , of these abuses ; but the pre–amble of the Bill as it stands is , strictly speaking , untrue , and is liable also to ma–ny other objections , which , at a proper time , will be suggested to this house.—The authorities of the many great and emi–nent men who have opposed this trade in parliament , have been brought forward ; and the noble lord ( Howick ) has appealed with triumph to the united sentiments of those eminent characters , Mr. Fox and Mr. Pitt , upon this subject . Of those two great men , sir , I now believe that the veneration is equal on both sides of this house ; but this was not the only subject upon which their opinions were in unison . Sir , I recollect , more than 25 years ago , sitting in that gallery , when their elo–quence , like the streams of two mighty ri–vers , which , from their source , had held a separate course , united its prodigious and impetuous volume against one common barrier—the state of the representation of the people in this house ; and what followed ? The house was delighted , instructed transported , but not convinced . And yet was there any doubt that the state of the representation of the people was unequal nay defective and faulty ? Was there not as upon this question , a most prevalent and clamorous opinion out of doors ? The machine too was in our hands ; no co-operation was needed ; we could trace effect directly to its cause ; we could substitute instantly the new fabric for the old one ; what was it then that stopped our hands ? Sir , the house acknowledged the evil , but dreaded the remedy . It was the sentiment of the majority in that day , `` Rather to bear the ills they had , Than fly to others which they knew not of '' ; and they added one instance more to many which are on record , in which a wise ant cautious legislature has felt itself bound to delay the remedy of an acknowledged evil , contrary to the sentiments of the people out of doors , and of the greatest orators within.—It is unfair then to call those who oppose the present bill the abettors of slavery and of the slave trade . If a bill were brought into this house with a view to abo- 984 lish forgery , it might take for its preamble properly enough , `` Whereas forgery is con–trary to justice ; '' but if it were to go on to prohibit the use of paper as a medium of exchange , and a representative of money in commerce , and enact , that in future all payments should be made in bullion only , although such a provision might effectually tend to render forgeries less frequent , yet those who should perceive the inexpediency and impracticability of such a measure , in the present state of commerce , and should therefore oppose the bill itself , ought they to be denominated the friends and abettors of forgery ? I find myself , sir , exactly thus placed , in respect to the bill now under consideration . No one values more the blessing of liberty , or regrets more the ex–istence and the baneful effects of slavery ; no one is more ready to promote whatever may remedy the abuses of the slave trade , or mitigate the miseries of a state of sla–very ; but this bill , sir , is not , in my opinion , calculated to accomplish those ob–jects , although it professes to be so : and if , acknowledging the evil , we are not to be allowed to call in question the insufficiency and inapplicability of the remedy