for entering into a recognizance in the case of the Milbourne port election . The ground of this motion was that the agent for the petitioner , a country attorney , did not know of the order of the house requiring a notice to be given to the sitting member , of the time when the recognizance was to be entered into by the petitioner . He held in his 450 hand another petition , stating , that the attorney had not received the speaker 's order till the 14th of this month , owing to its not being sent by the messenger , though the attorney had left directions for that purpose . He moved that the time be enlarged to Wednesday next . The speaker stated , that it was no good ground for this motion , to state that an old and established order of the house was not known . The messengers were not in the practice of sending the speaker 's orders to any agent not residing in London , and it would be attended with great inconvenience if this should be altered . Mr. Leycester , Mr. Wynne , and Mr. Perceval severally objected to the motion , and were of opinion , that the prayer of the petition could not be granted . The first of these gentlemen stated , that the speaker 's order had nothing to do with the recognizance . It only referred to the time when the merits of the case were to be tried . The motion was then put and negatived.—Sir J. Newport presented a petition from the right hon . Isaac Corry , praying that the time for entering into the recognizance might be enlarged . The ground was , the distance from which the sureties had to come , and the possible delay from adverse winds . He moved that the time be enlarged for three weeks . The discussion upon this motion was postponed till Tuesday.—Mr . S. Bourne presented a petition from John Hawkins , praying for an enlargement of the time for entering into the recognizance with respect to the petition against the return of Mr. Grattan . The ground was , that the petitioner could not find Mr. Grattan in order to serve the notice within the limited time . He moved that the time be enlarged to the 5th of February . The discussion was postponed till Tuesday . Lord Howick , adverting to the consideration of the Army Estimates , which stood for Wednesday next , and observing that a subject of such importance would probably occasion some discussion , suggested to an hon . general , the expediency of deferring the notice which he had given for a motion on an important subject to some other day . however anxious that the subject alluded to should be brought before the house , yet , under the circumstances mentioned by the noble lord , had no objection to postpone his motion from Wednesday to Friday . appealed to the justice of the house against any further protraction on this subject . He certainly felt the importance of the discussion to which the noble lord alluded , but he also felt the importance of the discussion in which he was so immediately interested , and which had been so frequently postponed . However , he left it entirely to the house to determine whatever they should think fit . allowed that the discussion referred to was of an important nature . He deemed it important from other motives than as it related to an individual , and he trusted that when it was brought forward , it would be treated on general principles . He was also desirous that as little delay as possible should take place on this subject ; but the delay of two days would not be very material , and he hoped , therefore , that the hon . gent . would consent to the postponement . acquiescing , the notice was entered for Friday next . Mr. Perceval said , that when he gave notice of his intention to move for an humble address to