impossible for France to accept : and after having decided upon asking what they knew she could not give , they determined to attack her at the season most convenient to themselves , without waiting for the result of any negociation at all . Sir , I refer to the Papers laid before parliament last year , for the truth of every assertion I have made * . Sir , unhappily , we know the issue of that project . The emperor of France marched his army from the coasts of the channel , and in a few short weeks , a series of successes then unparalleled , and terminating in the battle of Austerlitz , had destroyed the coalition , and laid Austria again prostrate at his feet , her capital in his possession , and her condition ten times more abject than ever . The peace of Presburg was made , and the peace of Presburg gave Dalmatia to France . Was it probable then that France would 367 cede Dalmatia within a few months after she had so acquired it ? Was it reasonable to expect she would ? or to require it peremptorily of her ? —Had the success of Russia in the war been such as to entitle her to make large demands on France , or to make it reasonable to expect that France would listen to great pretensions on her part ? Sir , placing ourselves in the situation of France , I think we should say decidedly , no . Sir , my noble friend has truly stated that Dalmatia is not necessary to France , either for the integrity of her dominions , or for her defence . Is Dalmatia necessary to Russia , for either of those purposes ? —But France , it seems , has been desirous of possessing herself of that province , as a point of offence in war both to Austria and Turkey , and for the still more dangerous purpose of fomenting disturbances in the provinces of both those empires in time of peace . Granted . But , sir , after such repeated and signal defeat of the one power , such a career of victory of the other , can we well be surprised , talking soberly , and considering the matter impartially , that France should , when almost every thing was in her power , select such possessions as would most effectually disable Austria from the like attempts ; and if Austria , Russia , and England , conjoined , could not prevent the peace of Presburg , which gave Dalmatia to France , could it be hoped that she , for the sake of Russia , would do that for Austria , which Austria , with the assistance of Russia , could not obtain for herself ? —But then , it is a point from which the independence of the Ottoman empire may be attacked . Granted again . Sir , of the independence of Turkey I have said as much as may be necessary ; but if Russia is jealous of French influence in Turkey , is not France equally jealous of the influence of Russia ? and in the hands of either of those powers , would not Dalmatia be equally a point of offence in war and intrigue in peace against that empire ? What rational ground of hope , then , that you could obtain this province for Russia ? But it has been insinuated , if not stated , that the object was not to obtain Dalmatia for Russia , but only its evacuation by France . Why surely , sir , no one will be brought to believe that if France could have been persuaded to march out , Russia would not have marched in . And even the undefined state in which such an arrangement , if practicable , would have left it , must have laid the foundation of future 368 strife . But it so happens , that the stipulations of the Treaty of Presburg have never been fulfilled , and that the Cattaro has never been evacuated . A still