clerk of the crown do attend this house , to-morrow , with the last return for the borough of Saltash , and amend the same , by rasing out the names of M. Russell , esq . and A. Champernowne , esq . and inserting the names of the hon . It . Neville , and W. H. Fremantle , esq . instead thereof.—Mr . Praed , from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the petition of T. Berney , J. Howard , J. Peichell , jun . E. Smith , M. Smith , and J. Howard , freeholders of the county of Norfolk , complaining of an undue election and return for the said county , informed the house that the said committee have determined , that the right hon . William Windham , and Thomas William Coke , esq . are not duly elected knights of the shire to serve in this present parliament for the said county : and that the opposition of the said right hon . W. Windham and T. W. Coke , esq . to the said petition , did not appear to the said committee to be frivolous or vexatious . And the said determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this house.—Ordered , that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown , to make out a new writ for the electing of two knights of the shire to serve in this present parliament for the county of Norfolk , in the room of the right hon . W. Windham and T. W. Coke , esq . who have been declared to be not duly elected . rose and spoke as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; I rise to submit to the consideration of this house , one of the most interesting propositions which even occupied the attention of any deliberative assembly upon earth . I wish to engage you in an attempt at the solution of the most difficult of all political problems ; namely , how to reduce the sum of human vice and misery , and how to augment that of human happiness and virtue amongst the subjects of this realm.—Sir , this attempt has been often and fruitlessly made ; nevertheless I do not think the success of it impossible . However great the difficulty , it is our duty to endeavour at least to overcome it.—Sir , I will not now detain the house by an investigation of the original constitution of society ; or enter into the abstract right of man to the succour and support of his fellow creatures . Whether that right exist or not ; as individuals , we could never refuse relief to innocence , or even to guilt in distress ; neither , as part of a legislature , could we ever be brought to say that such assistance shall not be attainable through the medium of the law . More than two centuries have elapsed , since after a succession of efforts , tending to the same end , there was embodied upon your statute-book , the great Christian principle , `` that you should do unto others as you would that others should do unto you . '' What theory could be more delightful ? As a state , you undertook to feed the hungry—to clothe the naked—to visit the sick—to protect the fatherless—to assist the widow—to find employment for the healthy and necessitous—and to compel work from the dissolute and the idle.—Sir , these plans were devised during the reign of Elizabeth ; the glories of which are still vivid in the annals of our history . They were projected and carried into execution under the auspices of some of the wisest statesmen that ever presided in the councils of any country . They were not the sudden production of one particular period . They had occupied the attention of the legislature during the whole of that long and prosperous reign . From the 5th to the 14th—to the 18th—to the 39th down to the 43d of the queen , we find a constant succession