are France and Spain to carry on the trade ? Sweden never engaged in it . There remains only Portugal , and how is that power to carry on the trade ? Is it to our own islands , where we prohibit it ; is it to the French islands , which we block up ; is it to the Spanish islands , where we prevent it ; and where is Portugal to find capital to carry it on ? Another objection advanced by a noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) is , that this measure does not come up to the resolution passed last session , and that instead of the abolition of the African slave trade , we are only abolishing the British traffic in that trade ; but is it to be contended , my lords , that because we can not embrace all the good that may be done , that therefore we are not to effect a partial good ? If that were the case , we could never effect any good whatever . My lords , in calling your attention to this great measure , let me entreat you to consider that the whole country looks to the parliament to wipe away the stigma attached to its character in continuing this detestable traffic ; that it looks not merely to parliament , but to your lordships ' house . Twice has this measure failed in this house , and if this iniquitous traffic is not now abolished , the guilt will rest with your lordships . We have to lament the loss , in the other house of parliament , of some of the ablest and most distinguished advocates for the abolition ; we have also to lament in this house , the loss of some of its able and strenuous supporters . Still , however , if your lord- 664 ships should agree to the abolition of this inhuman trade in blood , as I trust you will feel it due to your own character and to the character of the country to do , it will meet in the other house of parliament with the strenuous support of a person to whom the country is deeply indebted for having originally proposed the measure , and for having followed up that proposition by every exertion from which a chance could be derived of success . I can not conceive any consciousness more truly gratifying than must be enjoyed by that person , on finding a measure to which he has devoted the labour of his life , carried into effect—a measure so truly benevolent , so admirably conducive to the virtuous prosperity of his country , and the welfare of mankind—a measure which will diffuse happiness amongst millions , now in existence , and for which his memory will be blessed by millions yet unborn . My lords , I have to apologize for having troubled your lordships so long ; but upon a measure of such importance—a measure , for the completion of which I have been labouring for the last 20 years—the ardent zeal which I felt for the attainment of such an object , will , I trust , plead my excuse . The noble lord concluded by moving that the bill be now read a second time . assured their lordships that he had ocular proof of the manner in which the planters behaved to the negroes ; he had been in almost every island in the West Indies , he had conversed with the people themselves , and the result of all his observations and all his enquiries was a most clear and positive conviction on his mind , that there was not the least foundation in fact for the charge which had been brought against the planters of ill-treatment to their slaves . The noble lord , among other things , had said , that we should look to the fate of St. Domingo ; every man who wished well to the commercial interests of this country , must agree with his lordship , and also hope that their lordships would weigh deliberately in their minds