had since lent their capital on the credit of that fund ? The house should pause before it should touch that sacred ground . The noble lord , with his plan , interposed between the public and public creditor , by proposing to take the excesses of the sinking fund after the year 1816 , and without giving any equivalent to the stockholder . The effect of the noble lord 's plan on the redemption of the public debt would be , that ninety millions would , at the end of the period , remain unredeemed , and the whole would not be paid till the year 1832 ; whereas , by the new plan , the whole would be redeemed in 1826 . The noble lord 's plan , therefore , would retard the redemption of the debt eight years ; 818 `` Anxious the public debt to pay , `` Like prudent Fabius , by delay , '' the noble lord took all that could retard the redemption of the debt , and left out all that could accelerate it . The plan of the noble lord proposed to take the excesses of the sinking fund between 1816 and 1826 , in which period only they could accrue , and as it would be necessary for him to provide for the loans of the year between the present year and the year 1816 , an amount of 6,947,000l . would be necessary . If this sum were not provided by new taxes , it must by ruinous loans , and if ultimately to be provided for out of the excesses of the sinking fund in the last period , it would anticipate these excesses , and render them unavailable when they should accrue . As to what had been said relative to a future peace establishment , he had only to observe that that subject had not been excluded from the view of his majesty 's ministers . The means of providing for that establishment would exist in a higher degree than at the close of the late war ; certainly in a much higher degree than at the close of the American war , when the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) admitted that the public revenue was wholly insufficient . In 1786 , the peace establishment was five millions , and the revenue , exclusive of the additional taxes , amounted only to between three and four millions , which improvement was a consequence of the growing prosperity of the country . At the close of the late war , Mr. Addington , though burthened with fifty-six millions charged upon the income tax , by one stroke of manly and vigorous financial policy , relieved the country from the income tax , and funded the debt charged upon it , providing at the same time for the interest , and sinking fund upon it . On the next peace there would be an amount of seven millions , arising out of the annual taxes , the surplus of the consolidated fund , and the produce of the lottery , applicable to the establishment ; and , as after the year 1810 , considerable sums would be set free in each year , any small sum that might be necessary to fill up the peace establishment might be appropriated from them . He should not say what might be the amount of the peace establishment , for that would depend on the state of France , and of Europe ; but he could look with confidence to the resources of the country to supply ample means for providing for such an establishment . He complained that the noble lord in calculating the comparative effect of the new plan , had given an unfair view of the 819 question by stating , as he had truly done , the amount of the debt created , but witholding the effect of the sinking fund for its redemption . As to the plan of the noble lord , contained in his eighth resolution , for keeping the sinking fund stationary when it should amount to an