force may be , had its root in Sicily , and is to be construed with reference to Sicily only—and was Sicily a `` conquest '' of his majesty ? Was the auxiliary army which we sent to the aid of the king of Naples , a conquering army ? Had we van- 387 quished our ally ? And if not , what inference could properly be drawn from Sicily to `` his majesty 's conquests ? `` —So much then for the original text , upon which so many commentaries have been built , to sustain the imputed offer of the uti possidetis . If that offer is not found in this memorandum , it is to be found no where . Every thing else is at best but collateral and constructive argument , upon which no stress can be laid , when the original foundation fails us.—Where , in fact , did lord Y. himself look for the confirmation of his own impressions ; ( for that the noble lord 's impressions were sincere , that he reported here no more than he firmly believed and really understood to have been said to him , no man can doubt for a moment ; ) where did he expect to find a confirmation of what he understood M. Talleyrand to have intended to convey through him to the British government ? Why , naturally , in that letter to Mr. Fox , which ( as M. Talleyrand informed him ) was dispatched , at the same time with his lordship , and which arrived the same day in London . And does that letter contain any thing to countenance the notion of the uti possidetis ? Look at it ; it is No . 10 of the papers laid before parliament . ( p . 105 . ) So far from any allusion to any such basis as the uti possidetis , another basis is distinctly proposed in that letter , a basis to be formed out of two principles ; one of which was suggested by Mr. Fox in his letter of the 26th of March , `` that the peace should be honourable for `` the two powers and their allies ; '' and the other is now brought forward for the first time by the French minister , `` the continental and maritime guarantee . '' Lord Y. ingenuously describes himself as having been disappointed at not finding in this letter a single word in allusion to himself , or to the new basis intrusted to his charge . —Where should we next expect to find some allusion to the uti possidetis ? Why , of course , where lord Y. next looked for it , in Mr. Fox 's answer to this letter of M. Talleyrand , or in his letter of the same date , which lord Y. carried back with him to Paris . Is there any such allusion in either of these letters , ( Nos . 11 and 13 of the papers , p. 107 and 109 ) ? Nothing like it . Is there any thing contradictory to such a notion , and inconsistent with it ? Much . Mr. Fox in his letter of the 14th , written after he had received lord Y . 's communication , long after he had received it verbally , but the day after it was reduced into the 388 shape of the written memorandum , which is now considered as conclusive upon this point , not only does not appear to think that the uti possidetis has been proposed as a basis , but directly adverts to the other basis which has been proposed , and says , in plain terms , `` The basis offered in your second proposition , is exactly conformable to the views of our government ; '' and then goes on to qualify this statement , in a way which proves that the proposition to which he refers is ( and it manifestly can be no other than ) the principle of continental and maritime guarantee.— ' O ! but , ' says the noble secretary of