reduced circumstances of the slaves , to propose their immediate emancipation , would be to produce horrors similar to those which have already happened at St. Domingo . But it has been objected , that if we abandon this trade , other nations will take it up . The same objection may be made use of by them : thus , this argument proceeds in a circle , without leading to any satisfactory conclusion . I confess , sir , I am far from being sanguine , that even if peace were to take place tomorrow , any such general and liberal measure would be adopted ; but let us at least hope that France , which is contending with us for power , when it sees us take the lead , may be ashamed to confess itself inferior to us in liberality and virtue . At all events , this appears to be the most proper moment for effecting the salutary measure ; for the trade of France and Holland are nearly annihilated ; Denmark and America have already abolished the traffic in slaves ; Portugal alone continues it ; and her trade is not 1–6th part of ours ; and may we not hope , that Portugal herself , when she sees that other nations have abandoned this trade , will also relinquish it ? —I shall now , sir , only notice one other general argument , which has been made use of by the enemies of the abolition ; namely , that this trade has been sanctioned by antiquity , as well as by the best of satesmen , particularly by lord Clarendon , and Mr. Locke . I entertain as great a respect as any one for such names ; although , as to the former , I do not look upon him as the best authority that could be quoted in favour of freedom ; but surely it is attempting to prove too much , that because the slave trade was an abuse which they did not attempt to resist , therefore , we must continue it . The same argument might be made use of against the 956 reformation , because sir Thomas More did not immediately encourage it ; and even in favour of torture , because this very sir T. More encouraged the use of it in his own court . With all due deference for authority , it must still be permitted us to judge for ourselves ; and when we are convinced that any institution is founded in inhumanity , by whomsoever it may have been sanctioned , we are bound to resist it . It is possible that this trade in its infancy may not have attracted notice , or that those who countenanced it may not have been aware of its dreadful consequences ; and Mr. Locke may not , probably , have examined this subject with the same attention or accuracy with which he examined other subjects . But if , after all , we are to rest upon authority , I do not think it entirely rests on one side . I might mention the name of one as much entitled to respect , the president Montesquieu , who condemned this traffic ; but , not to quote other names , I can not but recall to memory those illustrious statesmen , this house and country have so lately lost—men who felt so deeply interested in the welfare of the state , and who bent all the force of their minds on this great question , where all rivalship ceased . The names of Pitt and Fox are not inferior to any other , and we know how anxiously they wished for the abolition of this trade . Let me call upon this house , then , in this first session , to pay that tribute to their memories ; and , if we are satisfied on the ground of facts , of experience , of justice , of humanity , and of Christianity , let us rear this monument , more dear and splendid to their memory than any other that can be erected