public service , and productive of the least possible inconvenience to the bank . Mr. S. moved accordingly , and leave was given to bring in the bill . moved the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the Irish Treasury Bills bill . He hoped that , before the Speaker quitted the chair , the house would indulge him with a few words , for the purpose of clearing up some doubts , with reference to a statement made by an hon . member ( Mr. Johnstone ) on a former night . In moving to bring in this bill for raising 1,000,000l . by Treasury Bills , for the service of Ireland , he trusted it would not be thought that he had claimed an unwarrantable confidence , when it was considered that a power had been given the Irish government to raise half a million for the service of the last year , which power had not been used , nor had any Treasury bills been issued.—He would ask , whether it could with justice be presumed , that the Irish Finances could be in the situation that hon . member had described them , when the Irish government had not found it necessary to avail itself of a power to raise half a million of money ? In fact , there had been no occasion for making use of that power ; on the contrary , he had been able to discharge a debt due from the Irish Treasury to the English Treasury , of a sum of 276,000l . advanced by the English Treasury , for payment of the lottery prize in 1802 . That was no proof of a failure of the Irish Finances . After payment of that sum , there remained , allowing for the subsistence of the army , a sum of upwards of 500,000l . belonging to Ireland . He was extremely sorry he had not been present on Thursday , when the noble lord near him ( H. Petty ) had made so very happy a statement of the finances of Great Britain . But he deprecated all comparison between the finance of G. Britain and the finances of Ireland . But though Ireland was not in that prosperous situation with respect to capital , industry and commerce , which would enable her to raise a large portion of her expences within the year , she was far from being in a situation of financial failure or depression . Her revenue was more than adequate to 606 the payment of the interest of her debt and the sinking fund , and , with that ability , and with the sums in hand , which he had mentioned , she could not be considered in a state of failure or depression , as she had been represented by an hon . gent . on the night he alluded to . The revenue of Ireland was 3,800,000l . which was far above the interest of its debt and Sinking Fund . regretted that he was not in the house when the hon . baronet began his speech , but he seemed to intimate that he ( Mr . J . ) had taken advantage of his absence . He wished the hon . baronet had been present to have heard him . He did not say that Ireland was in a bankrupt state , nor had attempted to convey any such impression . His argument was , that as the Irish revenue was only equal to the payment of the interest of the debt , and to the defraying of civil charges , it followed that she must raise 4,000,000l . by way of loan . He did not take the revenue too low , for he took it at 3,800,000l . as the hon . baronet had stated it , though , if he had taken it lower , speaking from the documents before him , he could not have been properly chargeable with error . If the hon . baronet therefore made a speech in order to combat a charge of