was , whether the house , had a pri–mary right of expulsion , and whether it had a right of re-expulsion ? Then the only remaining question would be with re–gard to the propriety of enforcing that right , and whether there were grounds for exercising that discretionary power ? The proof of this right could not rest on prece–dent . No person could deny the exis–tence of the primary right of expulsion . If that was allowed , the other right of re-expulsion must follow as of course . It 519 was a question , consequently , not of pre–cedent , but of principle . He conceived that it was a right which was vested in the house , for the maintenance of its own rights , principles , honour and dignity . He was aware that some persons would argue , that the exercise of such a right by the house trenched upon the right of the electors . That he denied : he conceived it was a right inherent in the house for its own protection . There could be no right in the electors in contradiction to the right of the house ; without such a right in the house , accumulated disgrace might attach to its character . The same individual might be sent back to parliament , whom it had stigmatized in the face of Europe and the world . As it seemed to be the opinion of the house that this question should be referred to precedent , he had no objection that it should be put in posses–sion of every possible information , and should therefore not resist the motion . asked , why the house was to be kept in suspence upon such a question ? It appeared to him that the pro–position of the noble lord was the sugges–tion of the member against whom the mo–tion was directed ; and yet the noble lord had said , that he should not have risen had it not been for what had fallen from that member . What were the precedents to which the noble lord thought fit to refer the house ? If he was inclined to trespass upon the time of the house , he would take every one of the precedents , and would shew that they had no more to do with this question than they had to do with a ques–tion of bankruptcy . If the house an–xiously wished to see precedents , he had no objection ; but upon the principle of their conveying any information to the house , he was against the motion . There was one precedent before the house upon which the house could not be mistaken . There was the precedent , that John Fenton Cawthorne was , for infamous and ungentleman like conduct in the year 1796 , expelled the house . Till that could be erased from the Journals of the house , there could not be a precedent more decisive . He was sorry that the decision might hurt the feel–ings of the member to whom it was refer–red , but he had himself rendered the dis–cussion necessary . Supposing there was not to be found any precedent which ap–lied to the present case , was the house to make one merely to cover that which was disgraceful and infamous ? If a precedent 520 was to be made , let it be one for the pu–nishment of a sinner , and not to conceal his iniquity . What the house should de–cide , would become a precedent , for it was to the glory of the nation , and the honour of the military character , that there was no case directly in point . If the object of the noble lord was delay , he could assure him it would answer no purpose , for the ques–tion should certainly be decided . He trusted it was not to be supposed that the noble lord meant to throw the broad shield of power over the member who had so conducted himself . If such a construction could be put upon the motion , he hoped the noble