in systematic opposition to government . By this it would appear , that the interference of the executive in that county had not originated with the secretary to the treasury , nor with the comptroller of the navy , but was a preconcerted , premeditated , and predigested plan of the government , to dictate representatives to the county of Southampton , and to exclude a respectable gentleman who had represented that county for 16 years . It was , however , in candour , necessary for him to state , that the noble lord had given a subsequent explanation of that transaction , and without at all imputing any wilful misrepresentation to either of these persons , there appeared to him a contradiction in their statements . It would be for the house to decide which was most likely to be correct , sir Wm . Heathcote , who retired to his closet after the interview to make a memorandum of what passed , with a view to its publication , or the noble lord , who , without the aid of 752 any memorandum whatever , three weeks after , gave an explanation of it . The next letter he had to notice was one dated Sept. 22 , from William Fremantle , esq . one of the secretaries of the treasury , to the barrack-master-general . This letter had been sent by the barrack-master-general , general Hewitt , inclosed in one from himself to major Davies , deputy barrack-master-general . General Hewitt , in his letter , stated that he could not better carry into effect the recommendation of Mr. Fremantle , than by inclosing this letter to major Davies . The hon . baronet here read the letter from the secretary of the treasury to the barrack-master-general , recommending the government candidates , the hon . Mr. Herbert and Mr. Thistlethwaite , to his favourable influence , and requesting him to mention the same to the other gentlemen of the department . This letter had been marked on his majesty 's service , '' and the copy which he had of it had been taken from the letter which had been in the possession of major Davies . In consequence of it , every exertion had been made , and with success . To this major Davies had replied , that the committee were of opinion that his canvass would be more effectual at Lymington and the Isle of Wight . The next letter was from general Hewitt , to major Davies , informing him that he might go to Lymington if he could obtain the permission of the commander of the district , but at the same time that he could not be allowed any thing to defray the expences of his journey , this being a species of service which could not be inserted in the public account . The impression on his mind from this letter was , that there were two accounts kept in the barrack department , one public and the other private [ a cry of no ? no ? ] . Well ! this showed more than my thing else the necessity of going into the committee , in order to ascertain whether or no there was any private account . The next letter was from major Davies to the barrack-master-general , stating that his destination had been fixed for Lymington and the Isle of Wight , and that his route had been sketched by lord Carnarvon , to that point , as not very far from the residence of Mr. Rose . Now , he could not see how this noble personage should appear in such a transaction . He knew there was such a person as earl Carnarvon , who had been formerly a distinguished member of that house , and who was a near connexion of one of the candi 753 dates , but he could not suppose that the noble personage would make himself a party to any such unconstitutional proceeding . But he could tell him that he might hereafter spare himself the trouble of sending to canvass that neighbourhood , because the experience