gent . wished for unanimity , but when that unanimity would amount to an acquiescence in faults destructive to the country , it would be a dereliction of his duty to make it an invariable rule . The hon . gent . therefore contented himself with that qualified concord which , while it marked whatever was wrong , gave a general support to government . How far the hon . gent . 's speech agreed with the principles he had thus laid down , it was for the house to judge . As to the principles and character of the opposition that he himself had joined in , the popularity which that opposition had enjoyed for 15 years was the most satisfactory proof of their justice and propriety . It was an opposition of principle , and never could allow itself to give way to the low hostility of vexing and harassing by a warfare of details . The hon . gent . needed not to have gone back to the length of these 15 years to illustrate , by contrast , the nature of the opposition which he had resolved to enforce , after that painful struggle , in which he was so desirous to support the government , if duty did not sometimes compel him to oppose . The experience of the late general election might have told him , how far this opposition was popular , the public sentiment having been so strongly manifested with respect to it , and that when it stood forward proposing to vindicate the injured rights and wounded independence of the people . The hon . gent . accused ministers for their conduct in the recent negociations , and brought forward against them the promise they had made to substitute a direct and manly system of diplomacy , for former artifice and cunning , and the result of that promise . The hon gent . also taunted ministers with those pretensions of great talents , which , however they may have been put abroad by others , were never once urged by ministers themselves . Yet , disclaiming all pretensions for himself , he for one was ready to say , that before the fatal stroke which had laid Mr. Fox by the side of his late illustrious rival , and he trusted united both in the mercy of God , the administration of which Mr. Fox and lord Grenville were the chief members , was 63 the one which possessed the greatest share of knowledge , information , experience , and ability . Much of these great qualities was now in the grave ; but , with the exception of the individual who was now addressing the house , without any disparagement to the hon . gent . who as well as many of those about him would , he allowed , be a valuable acquisition to any administration , he might challenge any one to look round , and state from what men an administration could be formed with better claims to the confidence of the country . The present ministers were told they were on a `` bed of roses , '' they were told so by a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who acknowledged that the continent was in a very `` unsatisfactory '' situation ; they were told so after the battle of Austerlitz . Was it possible for the present ministers to remove all the distresses that had come upon the country in 15 years pregnant with calamities , during the time of the late administration , though perhaps without any blame to that administration ? All that could be done was , to offer the best advice and aid in their power . That had been done . When the hon . gent . spoke in glowing colours of the calamities of Prussia , and of the evils extended to the world , in consequence of the destruction of that power , he had only to say , that no part of those misfortunes was caused by Ins majesty 's ministers . The misfortunes of this case required none of those exaggerations the hon .