the loss which would be sustained in their present cultivation by the excess of the deaths over the births . But , before he entered upon the general principle of population , and the experience of other countries , he would examine how the case stood with regard to those islands . Returns had been procured from various islands previous to the year 1800 ; and subsequent to that , queries had been put to them with a view to obtain additional lights respecting their situation . To these the answers were partial and defective , but as far as they went , they confirmed the calculations made by Mr. Pitt in the year 1792 , the results of which were , that the number of births was increasing , and the number of deaths diminishing : and when the causes were considered that checked the population of the West Indies , there was reason to believe that , by the regulations which the abolition would produce , nature would there , as in other countries , accomplish her own ends , and that the population would maintain itself . The calculations had been stated often , but in a new parliament to restate the results would be useful . In Jamaica , from 1761 to 68 , the excess of the deaths above the births was 25,000 ; from 68 to 74 , 11,000 ; from 74 to 87,20,000 ; and in 1804–5 , it appeared that the excess of deaths was only 258 in eight parishes in Jamaica . In the first period , the decrease was 2 and a quarter 950 per cent. , in the second 1 per cent. , in the third 3–5ths per cent. , and in the fourth 1 out of 1456 . This last decrease was so minute , that the balance was nearly equal ; and it must be observed , that in this statement , the deaths among the newly-imported slaves , where by far the greater proportion occurred , were always included . In Dominica the births exceeded the deaths , and also in the Bermudas and Bahamas ; but he did not much rest upon them , because the climate and the nature of the labour might be stated as the cause . The importations were considerably diminished in Barbadoes , Montserrat , & c. & c. So much with regard to the West-India islands in their present state . But , according to the principle of population confirmed by experience , the numbers would increase , unless checked by some powerful cause . The slave population in North America , according to Mr. King , if they continued to multiply at the rate they did when he wrote , would double their number in twenty years . In St. Helena , since the importation of slaves was prevented , the slave population increased . The Maroons increased in Jamaica under all their disadvantages ; as did the Caribbs in St. Vincent 's . In Bencoolen , the most unhealthy place in the world perhaps , the population increased . The cold climate in North America , as well as the labour , consisting in the cultivation of the ground for rice , was peculiarly hostile to the negro constitution , and yet there , as it appeared , they multiplied with rapidity . What , then , were the causes that checked the population in the West Indies ? Two principal causes were assigned : the disproportion between the sexes , and the promiscuous intercourse among them . With regard to the former , the planters had full warning ; and might have provided against the circumstance . The disproportion , he believed , was greatly magnified . With regard to the latter cause , the remedy lay with the planters themselves , who ought to promote the education and morals of their slaves . But there were other causes that checked the population : bad food , severe treatment , and want of proper accommodation . The effect of the abolition would be to remove these causes , and to promote he morals and comfort of