state , 'there is a form in these things ; it is a rule to answer written communications in writing , and verbal ones verbally . ' It was impossible , therefore , for Mr. Fox to allude to the uti possidetis , in answer to a letter from M. Talleyrand , in which it was not mentioned ? Possibly this may be so . But was it reasonable , or was it like that plainness and simplicity which are so much boasted of in Mr. Fox 's system of diplomacy , to go an with a correspondence directly at variance with the private communication that had been made to him ? Would he have done so—can any man believe he would—if he had attached to that private communication all the precision and importance which is now contended to have belonged to it ; —if he had considered it , as it was afterwards considered , as absolutely superseding all that had passed , or was still passing in open correspondence between him and the French minister ; —as making that correspondence mere waste paper , and beng in fact itself the origin from which the negociation was to date , and the sole foundation on which it was to stand ? But above all , is it credible , that if he had so understood what passed between M. Talleyrand and lord Y.—though in compliance with the strict diplomatic form , which the noble secretary of state holds so sacred , he could not have committed any thing to writing in the first instance , on his own part , —is it credible that he could not have directed lord Y. to press for a more precise and formal statement from M. Talleyrand ; —well knowing ( as he must have known ) , that though verbal communications are very good as an overture to lead to negociation , they are not a sufficiently regular method of carrying on a negociation once begun ? Had lord Y. any such directions from Mr. Fox when he returned to Paris ? None . But he returned , it is said , as he had come , a 389 simple unauthorised individual ; —he had no character or powers ; he therefore could require nothing in writing . But on the 26th of June , ( No 15 , p. 112 ) ten days after his return , full powers were sent to him . Is he then directed to employ them for the purpose of obtaining a written authentic avowal of the basis of uti possidetis ? No ; he is indeed directed to press for the admission of the basis : but Sicily —and Sicily alone is to be a sine quâ non . And even here it is remarkable , that the coupling of this supposed basis with Sicily , appears to arise from what , with Mr. Fox 's general accuracy , is an extraordinary mis-recollection of the words of lord Y . 's original communication which is here stated : `` Vous l'avez ; nous ne vous demandons rien , '' instead of `` nous ne vous la demandons pas , '' the words really employed by M. Talleyrand.—But after all there is one short view of this question , which with me , I confess , is more decisive than almost all that can be collected from the papers ; it is this , that to prove such a point as the proposal of the uti possidetis , there should have been any need of argument , of inference , and induction , at all . The moment that you tell me you have arrived at the uti possidetis , through a long train of reasoning , and by an operose process of comparison and analogy , I think that very statement disproves your case . If those short and comprehensive phrases , by which particular forms and bases of negociation are described , have any character or meaning at all , it is this , that they are not to be argued to , but from ; they are not results at which you are