candour and impartiality can doubt that the basis of actual possession was proposed by the French , and that his majesty 's ministers uniformly acted upon that belief and understanding.—Upon lord Yarmouth 's return to Paris , however , he found circumstances considerably changed . He found M. D'Oubril engaged in a negociation from which the 314 French government conceived the highest hopes , and in consequence of representations from Naples , a new importance was attached to Sicily . Soon after M. D'Oubril concluded a separate peace . It certainly is true that lord Yarmouth had been instructed not to produce his powers till the French government reverted to the basis originally proposed . At the same time , the difficulty of his lordship 's situation at that period was very great , and if he erred , every One must acknowledge the rectitude of his intentions , and the fidelity with which he discharged the trust reposed in him . Nevertheless the production of his powers was contrary to the intentions of this government , and to their views of the policy which the moment required . Lord Lauderdale was then pitched upon as a man , from his general ability , acquaintance with business , and his intimate knowledge of the sentiments of ministers , eminently fitted to the difficult state of the negociation at Paris . The first thing lord Lauderdale did on his arrival at Paris was , to present a note demanding that the negociation should be placed upon the basis which the French government had originally proposed , and on which alone we had consented to treat . But it will be said , that the answer to this note was a denial of the assertion . If , however , the papers be examined with care , it will be seen , that even the terms suggested by France amount rather to an admission in substance , of what we claimed , and of the basis , as it was understood by us , and explained by lord Lauderdale . In general Clarke 's note , it is worthy of remark , that there is a word substituted apparently by the imperial pen . The word as it stands , is adopter . `` The only bases , '' it says , `` which the emperor veuille adopter . '' It appears , however , that the word as it first stood , was longer , and probably was reconnaître ; and it seemed as if the French government had been resolved rather not to admit the uti possidetis , than bold enough to deny that it had been once admitted . Be this as it may , lord Lauderdale formally insisted on the acknowledgement of the original basis , and on its being withheld , demanded his passports . After some delays on the part of the French government , and after a new conference , and a partial return towards the former basis , lord Lauderdale found it impossible to place the negociation on the only admissible ground , and with great difficulty at last got his passports . Never 315 was a different basis for an instant admitted by this country.—Such is the plain history of the negociation , and in going through it I have not dwelt on the particular terms offered at different periods , meaning to touch on that point in the sequel . What part of our conduct , then , do the gentlemen opposite censure ? A right hon . gent . has already said , that whatever be our merits , the cause of the country is clear . If , then the cause of the country be clear , I have gained that about which I am most anxiously concerned . Though , undoubtedly , I never can be indifferent to the censure or approbation of this house , yet the bitterest part of that censure would be taken away , if while our conduct was disapproved , it were admitted that in our hands the honour and the cause of the country remained unsullied and unquestionable.—Then what is it we are