enemy , and honourable , on the whole , to this country , even from the present blush of it ; but , notwithstanding this admission , he felt much anxiety respecting many circumstances connected with , and arising out of it ; but he trusted ministers would be able , when the papers were produced , to remove his present uneasiness . As he had already observed , there were many points of the negociation which required very satisfactory explanation . He was apprehensive , however , that in carrying on the discussions , ministers had deluded both themselves and Europe ; it necessarily followed that the powers of the continent had their attention fixed on the progress of a negociation which lasted 8 months , and what naturally must have been the result , but that their disposition to co-operate against France had relaxed or produced indecision ? It was to be shewn , therefore , what effect the negociation had on the rest of Europe ; it remained for ministers to prove that their protracted pacific discussion had not exposed and endangered the interest and security of the continent . It might have induced Russia to enter into a negociation with the French government ; it might have even led Prussia to make a premature demonstration of hostility against France , in order to assure both England and Russia that the cabinet of Berlin was determined to submit no longer to the humiliation and insults of the enemy . These circumstances , and many more which arose from the pendency of a negociation for 8 months , undoubtedly made the production of all the papers on the subject highly desirable and necessary . From the conduct of ministers during the negociation , it appeared as if they had been certain of peace ; if they had not made sure of peace , was it possible , that during 8 months , while the discussions lasted , they should have laid up 79 all their military plans , and the whole system of internal defence and security ? Upon what other possible ground was the General Training act suspended in a great measure ? Why was the instruction for regulating the army according to the new system postponed till the return of lord Lauderdale ? On what ground could the neglect of all military resources be accounted for , but on the certainty of peace , under the severest terms of an armistice ? It was impossible to conceive a more general torpor than that which pervaded every branch of the army during the whole of those anxious 8 months . After having paid the closest attention to the subject , he could only discern that 3 regiments of the line had been sent up the Mediterranean , and arrived just in time to see our gallant troops abandoning the brave and loyal Calabrians , to whom our commander had promised every assistance . He begged likewise to remind the house , that not a man had sailed for Buenos Ayres till the return of lord Lauderdale was known . Under the circumstances of the case they should either have recalled general Beresford , or sent out a reinforcement immediately . They had left that valuable capture 4 months without any reinforcement ; and if the gallant officer commanding at the Cape had not detached some of his troops , it would be impossible to tell the consequence . This , however , was not the only proof of their indecision ; there was another equally strong in their conduct towards general Miranda . He did not mean to discuss the policy of forwarding that officer 's projects , that was a subject which required consideration : but why had not ministers decided one way or other on a question obviously interesting to the British empire ? So far was government from making up their mind on it , that our commanders were obliged constantly to reply to the applications made to them for support , that they would write home for instructions ; and at last we contributed our aid by sending a few light armed vessels