on another side of the house , he was very tenacious of asserting , he challenged the learned gent . to make out that charge . In what instance , he would ask , had he ever maintained that that house , to whom it belonged to enquire , deliberate , and decide , upon every proposition submitted to it , was bound , as matter of course , to agree to the production of any paper of this nature that might be called for ? Unless the learned gent . could shew that he had upon some occasion supported this extraordinary doctrine , the charge he had hazarded must fall to the ground . Indeed , the learned gent . himself confessed , soon after he had made his charge , that it was 649 not tenable ; for he stated that he remembered no precedent in which a similar paper was refused , which formed a pretty strong evidence that none such was ever applied for by the party with whom he had the honour to act ; although a tolerably numerous list of orders of council were issued during the period in which that party occupied the bench upon which the learned gent . now sat.—Having stated that there was no precedent whatever for such a proceeding as the learned gent . would persuade the house to adopt , he had no hesitation to add , that the reason was obvious . For such a proceeding would be nothing more nor less than to supersede the functions of the executive government , while it would call on the house to judge upon a subject , with regard to which it would be incompetent to decide without information which it would not be consistent with the public interest to grant . He apprehended that the case to which the motion referred would appear to be precisely of that sort which it would not be proper for parliament to discuss , for such discussion must amount to a direct and prejudicial interposition with government in the conduct of the war , upon a measure just in its progress , and upon the propriety of originating , or the means of executing which , it would be impossible to form a fair and adequate opinion without information , such as it would be highly imprudent to make public ; such indeed as could not be called for , or at least such as he believed had never been called for before.—Now , then , what was the state of the case as to the learned gent . 's argument ? Why , that because the French government had issued a decree , not less remarkable for impotency than for its injustice and extravagance ; that because a proceeded upon the most fallacious and mischievous principles ; that because it proclaimed a threat which it had not the power to execute , and which was only to be paralleled by another decree , issued some years back from the same nation , we should be called upon to discuss the question as to the propriey tof retaliation . The learned gent . must recollect that the recent decree of the enemy was two-fold ; the first part related to the confiscation of such articles of British produce and manufacture as might be found in those countries on the continent , which might be subjected by their arms ; the second part referred to the confiscation of such British goods as might be captured at sea on board neutral 650 ships . Now , surely , the learned gent . would not , as to the first part , recommend that we should seek to retaliate upon those unfortunate states which were subjugated by the arms of France ; that those who were entitled to all the forbearance and moderation which the strong should grant to the weak , should become objects of our resentment , for an act of submission to which nothing but their weakness could reduce them . What did the learned gent . mean by asserting that we had not taken a measure of complete retaliation ? did