were acquainted with all the infamy that was the object of the motion . This admission would almost justify the house in disfranchising the borough . ( A loud cry of no ! no ! ) There certainly could be no doubt that a person declared incapable of serving his majesty in any capacity , was not fit for any trust . replied , that it had been put into his hands by persons of re–spectability , and was signed also by per- 528 sons of character . He could only say , like most members who presented petitions , that he believed it to have been subscribed by those whose names appeared to it . observed , that the hon . gent . had taken up the question very warmly , but appeared to be totally unacquainted with the circumstances of the case . He could shew him an alphabetical list of the subscribers to the petition , which had been taken from the list of the freemen of Lancaster , and transmitted to him . Amongst them were the names of the chairman and magistrates of the quarter ses–sions , and many land-owners in the hun–dreds about the town . It was not by any personal considerations that he was influ–enced on this occasion , but by a regard to the rights of the gentlemen who had sent him to that house . observed , that this was a petition against a motion made , though no proceeding had taken place on the subject to which it alluded , till a few minutes ago . This was strange conduct , for which he did not think there was any precedent . was of opinion , that this petition was of a nature so dictatorial , that it ought not to be suffered to remain upon the table of the house ; but he would not agree , that it would justify a disfranchisement of the borough , because that would confound the innocent with the guilty . The petition was in the hands of the noble lord before any motion was made on the subject , or the petitioners could know whether their rights would be affected thereby . The petition was dictatorial , and presumed to lay down the law , and there–fore ought not to be laid on the table . entered his protest against the doctrines that had been laid down by the noble lord , and by the hon . gent . who had contended , that the language of the petition was so improper , as to justify the disfranchisement of the borough . The pe–titioners had a right to petition , if they apprehended , no matter upon what ground , that their rights were danger of being invaded . The language of the petition was the same with the language recorded upon the Journals of the house , that an attempt to invalidate a return , where the person was not legally disqualified , was subversive of the rights of electors . Had not the petitioners a right to use the same language as the house ? He had risen only to protest against such novel and uncon- 529 stitutional doctrines , in order that it might not be supposed , if they were suffered to pass unnoticed , that they were assented to in that house . appealed to the speaker , whether it was consistent with the forms and practice of the house to receive a petition against any proceeding not im–mediately under consideration of the house . as he had been appealed to , felt himself bound to declare , that he had always understood , and had collected from the proceeding of that house , that they opened their doors wide for receiving the petitions of all his majesty 's subjects , whether with respect to grievances , real or apprehended , and that the only indispensable requisite in a petition , to intitle it to the consideration of that house was , that it should be couch–ed in language not offensive . agreed in the sentiments of the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. S.