a man obtained the bounty , and it afterwards appeared he was subject to sudden paroxysms , or any disorder that rendered him unfit for duty , he was to be allowed to retire with all the benefits of long service ; such were to be the fruits of his own fraud . The correction of this palpable error should not be long delayed . As he should have other opportunities of commenting on the general topics of this debate , he should not , at this time , trespass further on the indulgence of the committee . said , that after the able Statement of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , he should not have occasion to enter much at length into the subject . He would first advert to an objection which had lately been often started , and as often , he trusted , satisfactorily answered . Ministers were accused of not having resorted to the necessary means for the protection of Buenos Ayres . The answer given to this charge was , that no supplies could have arrived in time to prevent the re-capture , if , indeed , that unfortunate event had happened ; and this was the only proper reply to such an accusation . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) asserted , that such supplies would have arrived sufficiently early , allowing 10 days for the sailing of the transports , after intelligence of the capture by his majesty 's arms had been obtained . Was the noble lord serious in representing , that 10 days were a sufficient time for such an undertaking ; to prepare an expedition to a distant part of the globe , with the uncertainty that after its arrival the troops could even land there , and might probably have to proceed to some other settlement yet more remote ? Did the noble lord recollect , that for such a project there could have been no anterior preparation ? And could he imagine that 10 days were enough to provide and dismiss this effectual aid ? While the noble lord supposed it to be no easy matter to cross the Atlantic with all this host of war in ten days , did he remember , that with him it occupied as many months to fit out an expedition to cross the British Channel , 506 with long notice of the plan , and with the most urgent . necessity for its precipitate adoption ? Both the noble lord and the learned gent . had declared that no steps had been taken whatever to secure this important acquisition of British courage . His ( lord Howick 's ) answer to this was , a positive denial of the neglect so charged upon ministers . The moment the capture was made known here , supplies were provided to support it . A line-of-battle ship started with the first fair wind for that purpose , and troops were ready to depart at the time the report of the capture was received , and they actually set sail in October ; yet he would not conceal that a pressing emergency arose to lead to the change in the destination of that force . He had explained thus much on this subject , because it was one on which gentlemen might reasonably expect some explanation , although it had been unnecessarily introduced into the present debate . The hon . and learned gent . enquired , what had been done by his majesty 's servants , alter all the expectations they had raised by their magnificent exhibitions of future successes ? `` Compare , '' said he , `` what you have done with what we had promised ; we engaged to supply 25 or 26,000 men under the former mode of recruiting . '' It was discreet , both in the hon . and learned gent . and in the noble lord to confine themselves to what they had promised , and not to diverge to what they had performed . But even with this prudent limitation to their promises , they might have proceeded much further ,