our strongest reprehension a perversion of power which would be too well calculated to favour those delusive and dangerous theories which stigmatize the house of commons as an inadequate representative of the people.—But while we feel this most unpleasant duty forced upon us , in vindication of our own independence , and of the rights of those whom we represent , we humbly and earnestly intreat his majesty to be persuaded , that neither this , nor any other misconduct of his majesty 's ministers , can essentially affect the firm and settled purpose of this house and of the great body of the nation , to unite in that general cause , and against that common danger—in comparison to which all other considerations , however important in themselves , are at the present moment , unfortunately , inferior and subordinate.—And we venture confidently to assure his majesty , that great and unexampled as are the difficulties and dangers which surround us , his 61 majesty possesses in the wealth and prosperity of his dominions , in the loyalty and firmness of his parliament , in the bravery of his fleets and armies , and in the affection , zeal , and courage of his people—resources , which , if wisely called forth , and diligently and judiciously applied , are yet amply sufficient to ensure the safety and honour of the British empire ; and to maintain the only remaining hope , under Divine Providence , for the restoration of the liberties and happiness of mankind. '' —Mr . Canning added , that those gentlemen who thought that in the address to his majesty the house ought to overlook all our naval and military achievements , would , doubtless , prefer the original address ; but those who thought with him , that what was cheering and consolatory should not be sunk into the shade , would , he trusted , approve of the amendment which he had just read . Apprehending , however , that the tendency of pressing his amendment would be to cause a division of the votes between the two addresses , and anxious that nothing should be occasioned , on his part , which might have a tendency to throw a damp on the spirit of the country , it was not his intention to press his amendment to a division . The speaker then put the question , `` That the words proposed to be left out , stand part of this question . '' Upon which , He was certainly not surprized that the very extraordinary motion of the right hon . gent . should be thought of such a nature as not to require that it should be read from the chair ; but he certainly was surprized that the right hon . gent . should have thought proper to submit to the house not only in this motion , but in many parts of the speech with which he prefaced it , assertions of facts unfounded in truth , and that he should have built on those facts , unwarranted conclusions , without investigation or enquiry , without having recourse to the authority of any document whatsoever . On such grounds , the hon . gent . had brought forward an amendment , charging his majesty 's ministers with the most grave and momentous derelictions and deficiencies in the management of the army , of the navy , and of the foreign relations . The hon . gent . accused them of having excited universal discontent and disturbance in the army by an improper distribution of patronage ; he accused them of prostituting the sacred name of his majesty , by dissolving parliament at a time when it was actually summoned to meet 62 for the dispatch of business . The amendment proposed by the hon . gent . contained matters which , if founded in fact , ought to be referred to a committee to ground upon them articles of impeachment against his majesty 's ministers . The hon . gent . thought it necessary to offer an apology for himself for being in opposition . The hon .