election of the candidates recommended by the ministers for the representation of the county of Southampton . This interference was the more extraordinary and unprecedented , because the influence of the government was otherwise very extensive in that county . The consequence of this letter from the Secretary of the treasury to the Barrack Master General , and of the activity of that department , was , that an hon . gent . who had represented that county for 16 years , with fidelity and credit , had been unsuccessful at the last election . If the freeholders of the county had been left to the free , unbiassed , and independent exercise of their suffrages , he was confident that that gentleman would now be seated as their representative in that house . It was for this invasion of their rights , that the petitioners laid their case before parliament , and were anxiously wishing for an opportunity of proving the allegations in their petition to that house , They had an anxious hope and wish that the house would take such steps , as in its wisdom would seem meet , in order to prevent in future the occurrence of such un- 749 constitutional practices . Otherwise the representation of that great county would be under the controul of the government , and the most valuable rights of the people would be annihilated . He trusted that the house of commons would ever be ready to resist such unjustifiable attempts to infringe the franchises of the electors , and thereby to undermine the independence and integrity of the representative body of the nation . He therefore moved , that the Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges to examine the matter thereof , and to report the same , together with their opinion thereon , to the house rose to second the motion of his hon . friend . The allegations of that petition had been ably brought under the view of the house by the manliness , the moderation , and the talents of his hon . friend . In touching upon the subject of this petition , he confessed he felt considerable difficulty , because of the prominent share he had borne on the occasion to which it refered ; because any observations he should make upon it , might perhaps be considered as the result of his feelings of disappointment . But under all the circumstances of the case , he considered it not only a duty he owed to the individuals , whose rights had been invaded , but a still greater duty to the house , to the public , and to himself , to trace , to detect , and to expose such unconstitutional interference on the part of his majesty 's ministers . This interference had been exerted in a most unjustifiable and open manner on that occasion , not only in defiance of the principles of the constitution , but in the teeth of a resolution of that house . His hon . friend had not , by his motion , called upon the house to come to any hasty or premature decision ; he had only proposed to them to adopt a proceeding analogous to what had been pursued on a former occasion , of nearly a similar nature . On searching for precedents , however , he admitted that there were none to be found precisely analogous to the present case . But the unconstitutional interference with the freedom of election was no less a subject worthy of the attention of that house . When this petition had been presented , a noble lord opposite ( lord Temple ) had stated , that the petition had for a long time occupied the public attention , and that much pains had been taken to poison the public mind upon the subject of it . From 750 the gestures of the hon . gents . on the treasury bench , he supposed they conceived that to have been the case ; but the statement was utterly unsupported by any proof , and , as far as the petitioners were