setting out on his mission . He had given his majesty 's ministers intimation by which they might have anticipated the possibility of M. D'Oubril 's concluding a separate treaty ; and in fact he did , two days after , sign a separate treaty . Then arose the difficulty of his ( lord Yarmouth 's ) situation ; and on this point particularly he trusted to the candour of the house for a patient hearing , though the statement was , he was aware , tedious . On Saturday morning , on getting up , he had read these words in a respectable newspaper , imputed to somebody he could not say who , `` the noble lord ( Yarmouth ) having instructions not to produce his full powers , without a written acknowledgement of the desired basis , did think it proper to produce those powers . '' It was impossible he could have had such instructions . It was a known thing , that no paper could pass , till the full powers had been exhibited . He was instructed to present a paper , containing the sentiments of his majesty 's government , to the French minister . But the French minister refused to receive it as a diplomatic communication , without an exhibition of full powers . The French minister desired him , in these circumstances , to go home and copy the note , and give it to him as an extract from a newspaper ; and then he would answer it , under 329 an engagement not to make the contents public . If his majesty 's ministers were desirous to get a written acknowledgement of the basis in question , there should have been a letter on the subject to the French minister , which he would have been well contented to have delivered as a mere post-boy , and which must have called forth an answer . This answer he might have had authority to open , and thus a written acknowledgement of the basis might have been obtained , which would not have been denied except in a moment of anger . In the events that had occurred , even the agreement to cede Hanover might have been denied . He expected it would have been , and it probably would , had it not been for the war between France and Prussia . When he had received the communication , reflecting on his disclosure of his full powers , he had sent a justification on the most material points , as between him and his majesty 's ministers . He did not conceive that what he wrote would come before the public , or he would have written a great deal more . He had no instruction to withhold his full powers , except on the ground of Sicily : and he considered the consent of his majesty 's ministers to negociate for that island , as an evasion of the claim to its absolute , unqualified cession , which he had been before instructed to insist upon as a necessary preliminary to the farther progress of the negociation . The only question between him and his majesty 's ministers was , the question of expediency ; and his answer to what they urged against him on this point was , that he could not possibly have advanced a step further in the negociation without exhibiting his full powers . It would have been a question in that case with the French government , whether it should sacrifice the chance of peace with England , and with that chance the king 's German dominions , to the preservation of its alliance with Prussia ? or whether it would encounter a Prussian war for the chance of a negociation with England . In order to create an alternative in this case , he thought it necessary to give a real existence to the negociation by the exhibition of his full powers . If he had not taken that resolution , he should have been under the necessity of getting into a post-chaise , and proceeding , not to Boulogne ,