posterity , because he found the system had not been prejudicial to us , so far as concerned the burthens handed down by our ancestors . But he had an objection to the complicated machinery of the noble lord 's plan , which , under the specious garb of complicated details , was , in 925 fact , only to raise two millions and a half a year , over the amount of the sinking fund . The hon . gent . then said , that if 11 millions were to be raised annually , in addition to the war taxes , and interest to be provided only for the difference between the amount of the sinking fund and the loan , the difference between the sums raised by his plan and that of the noble lord , would be 44 millions ; and by the noble lord 's plan 2,051,000l . permanent taxes would be imposed in 20 years , whilst by his only 1,700,000l . would be imposed , and the Whole of the war taxes would , in the former case , be mortgaged , which , in the latter , would be free . It was natural for every person to be attached to the production of his own brain , and he certainly thought his plan superior to that of the noble lord 's ; as , according to his plan , each loan would be paid off in 45 years , according to the engagement to the public creditor . thought that the hon . member who had just sat down , had taken the sinking fund into his calculation two ways both as a means of redeeming the debt , and as a fund applicable to the service of the year . There was a fallacy , therefore , in his reasoning . If the government was only to provide for the interest of the excess of the loan , over the amount of the sinking fund , and to provide for the remainder out of the proceeds of the sinking fund , that fund would be stationary during the war . Should the war last ten years , its progress would therefore be interrupted , and the redemption of the loans would be effected in 55 instead of 45 years . He objected to all the projects that had been proposed as substitutes for that of the noble lord opposite because they all were founded on the principle of invading the sinking fund , which was sacred , and not to be touched , except in cases of extreme necessity . The plan of the noble lord afforded more prospects to the country than any other , because it was to release it from taxation for 3 years without diminishing its resources ; and these 3 years were likely to be more important , than the same number of years in any period of our history . This relief to the country was wise , in the hope that Providence , who had so often signally assisted this country , would again interfere in its behalf . He did not think it wise , however of the noble lord , to have stated the expenditure of the country so low as 32,000,000l . because if any addition were to be made to 926 that expenditure , it would create disappointment to the public . He trusted if such an addition should be necessary , it would induce the noble lord to make not parsimonious but economical retrenchments in the public expenditure . It had been said , that the sinking fund might become too great , but he had no apprehensions of that description , as that fund had been intended to act against the debt , and he wished to see that reduced as early as possible . The appropriation of the war taxes had been stated to be a violation of the pledges given to the public , and a disappointment of their reasonable hopes , but necessity called for it , and it was only to be feared , that under a pressure of future circumstances , the minister