so expel–led , and also of cases in which members , having been expelled by this house , have been again returned ; and to report the same to the house , together with the pro–ceedings thereon : '' which was agreed to . proposed to pre–sent a petition to the house from a very considerable number of the freemen of Lancaster . It had been put into his hands as he came into the house , and he thought it his duty to present it . But in doing this he would not pledge himself to any opinion upon the case . As he had been a member of the court mar–tial whose sentence had been alluded to , he should abstain from taking any share in those discussions . Of the contents of the petition he was ignorant , but if the house would consent to receive it , they would be enabled to judge of its contents when it should be read at the table.—The petition was then ordered to be brought up and read . It stated , `` that the petitioners have been informed , that some measure , not being a petition from any party inter–ested , is depending before the house , having for its object to prevent , them from being represented in parliament by John Fenton Cawthorne , esq. , one of the members chosen at the last general election to represent the borough of Lancaster in parliament : That the petitioners submit , that , according to the uniform practice in such cases , the legality of any election of a member of the house can not be questioned , unless the same is made the sub–ject of a petition presented to the house within 14 days from the first meeting of parliament after such election ; and that any attempt to invalidate such election , 527 by any other means than such as are spe–cified in the several statutes in such case made and provided , must be contrary to law , and ought to be discouraged by the house : but , if it is not intended to bring into question the legality of the election of the said J. F. Cawthorne , and the same is admitted to be a legal election , then the petitioners humbly submit , that the house has no jurisdiction to exclude from the privilege of sitting and voting as a mem–ber of parliament any person who has be–come a member of the house by a lawful election , except for some matter arising subsequent to such election to disqualify such member from sitting and voting : That the petitioners having elected the said J. F. Cawthorne , with a full knowledge of all the circumstances which they are informed are now to be made the grounds of his expulsion , submit , with the greatest confidence , that unless such circumstances amounted to a legal disability to sit in the house of commons ( in which case the pe–titioners submit that the question ought to be tried upon a petition , and before a select committee , ) the exercise of a power by the house of commons , to defeat such election would be subversive of the rights of elec–tors in general , and highly injurious to the petitioners , who insist they have a right to return to the house any person as their representative not previously disqualified by any known rule of law : and therefore praying , that no such measures may be adopted by the house , and that they may be heard against any such measure , by themselves , or their counsel , at the bar of the house . '' On the motion that the petition do lie on the table , asked the noble lord who presented it , whether it was really the petition of the freemen of Lancaster ? If it was , it appeared to him not to be in the light of a petition , but as a dictatorial and insolent attempt to controul parliament . The last paragraph appeared most reprehensible , where they acknowledged that they