a debate arose , he might have the privilege of expressing himself more at large . He moved , `` That the Charges made against John Fenton Cawthorne , esq . a member of this house , and the sentence pronounced against him in consequence by the Court Martial appointed to try him , together with the proceedings of the house thereon in session 1795–6 , be now read . '' The motion was seconded by Mr. Spencer Stanhope . wished the hon . general had stated more fully his sentiments , and 516 had adduced precedents which might have induced the house to go immediately and without delay into the proceeding . There were certainly many precedents for expulsion , but not one of them rested on the grounds on which the present case stood . In the whole code of British juris–prudence there was no rle more strong than that any man who had been acquitted or condemned could not again be tried for the same offence . This was a principle of our established law , rooted as he hoped in every man 's breast , and against which he trusted that no one would dare to set his face . There was another circumstance which ought to weigh heavily in the con–sideration of the house . He stood there legally qualified ; he had been returned , and returned without opposition , by a very large body of electors . If he had been thought ineligible , the moment of election had been the time for stating that ineligi–bility ; but no such attempt had been made , and he had been unanimously re–turned for one of the largest county towns in the kingdom . He would not enter into any discussion of the merits of the sentence by the court martial , although that was a subject from which he would never shrink when it came regularly before the house . With regard to precedents of expulsion , there were several in the cases of Mr. Wilkes , Mr. Walpole , and others ; but he contended , that none of these cases was applicable to his own . The hon . general had disclaimed any feeling of personal hos–tility towards him . It was certainly very kind of him to bring the subject forward . This he would declare , that when he stood in a similar situation before , he felt much more depressed , and much more oppressed than he then did . But had he at the time to which he alluded known what he then knew , he would not have troubled that house for a moment on the subject . He meant , had he known that the first law officer in the house , the Attorney Ge–neral of that day , had declared that the sentence of a court martial was too flimsy a ground on which to found the proceed–ings which had terminated in his expulsion from the house . would not have said any thing upon this motion , had it not been for some expressions which fell from the hon . mem–ber who had spoken last . He apprehended that that hon . member had mistaken the na–ture of the case entirely , when he talked about another trial for the same offence , 517 about his election and his qualification . This was not a question of election or qua–lification . The objection did not stand on these grounds . The view which his hon . friend had taken of the case was this : whether it was consistent with the dignity , the purity , and the honour of that house , that a person labouring under the stigma attached to his character , by the sentence of a court martial , and the proceedings on which it was founded , should be consider–ed as a fit member to sit among them ? The question was , whether the house pos–sessed the power of re-expulsion , and if it did , whether it was fit and proper to ex–ercise it in this particular instance ? It was a proceeding undoubtedly of the utmost