gent . 's connections at present are persons who , if their wishes could operate upon his judgment , would certainly induce him to decline the further investigation of this subject : and that the right hon . gent . does decline it , we have his own declara–tion . It has , therefore , devolved to me , and I can not help regretting that it has not fallen into abler hands . But it is a du–ty , as I feel it , to bring this question for–ward , for reasons which must be obvious to the house ; and which I hinted at when I gave my notice . I said then , and I now repeat it , if any other member of the house should be inclined to take the subject out of my hands , I should most cheerfully de–liver it up to such a person , promising him most faithfully that he shall have my cordial , active , and zealous support , to the utmost of my power . But if no other gentleman chooses to take that part , I feel that I have a claim upon the justice of the house , in calling its attention to this sub–ject . I will add , that not only do I con–ceive that I have a claim upon the justice of the house in soliciting its attention ; but I have a claim also to the assistance of the house in discussing it ; for you know , sir , that those who have any reason to com–plain upon this subject , can have no redress 1020 any where except in this house , and it is as essential to the interests of this nation , as it is to those of the noble marquis , to have the matter completely investigated , and to remove all suspicions that can pos–sibly attach to any of the transactions in which that noble marquis is concerned . I wish to say nothing farther of that noble–man at present , than that he is a man of great abilities and comprehensive talents , of which he has given proof on many occa–sions . It has been rumoured , that the noble marquis is thought of , as a fit person to fill a high and responsible office in this country—a circumstance which can never happen , until his character shall be res–cued from the situation in which it appears to be implicated , as relating to the Carna–tic transactions . In urging the investiga–tion of the Carnatic Papers , I am consulting the only fair mode of establishing the Character of that nobleman , for which he ought to be thankful . It appears to me , from the papers which I am about to call For , and which have been already upon the table of this house , a considerable portion of criminality attaches to the court of directors here , and to the conduct of their principal officers abroad , as well as to the board of controul , by which I do not mean the present board , but a former board . The Papers which I shall call for , will shew what degree of blame , if any , is imputable to each of these descriptions of persons , and that is one of the great ob–jects for which my motion is brought forward . With regard to the new papers , which I think it my duty to move for , it is necessary that I should call the attention of the house to the manner in which I first proposed to make a motion , when you , sir , very properly prevented me from en–tering into any detail on that occasion , when I confined myself to the bare notice of a motion for printing those papers , only , which , in my judgment , had a direct beari–ng upon the question to be discussed , not wishing to embarrass it with documents which I thought had no bearing upon the question . For the same reason I intend to exclude the 2d volume of