, however , necessary for him to make a few observations upon one point , which had been touched upon by the noble lord , in order to prevent any misconception of what had fallen from himself on a former night from going further . The great objection of the noble lord to the system that had been submitted to the house was , that it went to legislate for the future . Though the noble lord admitted that it would be right to look to the future in the arrangement of any system , he did not think it desirable that any legislative enactment should be resorted to for that purpose . He had himself stated , that it would be necessary for the house to look prospectively to the situation of the country , in the adoption of any system ; but that it would not be desirable to make any legislative enactment on an assumption of future events , which might prove contrary to all calculation , and were solely under the controul of Providence . He had expressly asserted , that if any essential alteration were to take place in the plan , it would not arise from any such alteration of events , or of the circumstances of the country . What were the changes that were likely to take place ? An increase of expenditure , from the demand for foreign subsidies from with- 746 out , or from the rise of labour , or of the price of stores within . He had particularly adverted to contingent circumstances , and stated , that in proportion as any increase took place in the expenditure from either of these causes , that increase was to be provided for by an increase of the supplemental loans , and an increase of the interest thereon . Another change which he had adverted to was one which might arise from the failure of any of the duties imposed ; but for this there was a provision in the plan , because parliament was pledged to make good such deficiency by other duties . He begged to call the attention of the house to this fact , that neither he with his feeble powers , nor those who were much wiser than him , had ever had the presumption to state to the house that they could anticipate the future , or prepare any plan which would cover all the exigencies of a war for 20 years without any change . The noble lord had observed in the same way upon what he termed the narrow view taken by him of the expenditure of the country . But in taking that view , he had no certain criterion to go by but the expenditure of the present year : every other criterion would have been loose and uncertain . The noble lord had said , that he should have taken the average of an extraordinary War Expenditure , but had stated , that it would be unsafe for him , looking to what had happened on the continent , considering the change that had taken place in Europe , to deceive himself by taking any standard of expenditure from such a source . It was rather extraordinary , that , when the noble lord objected to any legislature for the future , he wished to take the possible future expenditure , in the event of a British army being employed to co-operate with the powers of the continent , in the course of 3 or 4 years , in which time they might be wholly subjugated , or , what they all most desired , might have re-established their independence , as the criterion of expenditure . Having stated this , he had only to request of the house and of the country , that they would receive his proposition such as it was , and as it candidly professed to be , and not look upon him as responsible for any alteration that might take place . If he continued to fill the situation which he then held , it would be his duty to explain the cause