and weight of his right hon . friend 's character and public conduct insured to him and to his connections the support of his neighbours . The next letter he had to notice , was one in which major Davies stated , that the duke of Cumberland would not suffer him to depart for Lymington , till he should himself set out for Wales , which he imputed to a fear , on the part of his royal highness , lest his efforts should produce an effect inimical to his political connections . This , no doubt , was matter of conjecture only ; but if he understood any thing of the character of that illustrious personage , with whom he had had the honour of being a considerable time acquainted , he was convinced he could not be influenced by any such feelings . The last letter which he had to notice , was one dated January the 1st , 1806 , which ought evidently to be 1807 , in which it was stated , that Major Davies was prosecuted by Mr. Deverell , on the opposite side , and thus he had an offer made to him by Colonel St. John , on the part of one of the most respectable men in the county , of relieving him from all his embarrassments , if he would give up the treasury letters in his possession , which proposal he had rejected . He was as curious as any man , to find out who this most respectable '' man , of the county was ; for though he had been 40 years resident in Hampshire , if he were asked to point such a person out , he should find it difficult . However , as this person who could so bully and bribe with the same breath , who was so ready to discharge major Davies from his embarrasments , might also have means of injuring him , he was bound to state that he had obtained copies of the letters from a person who had them in his possession , previous to the election . From this written evidence they could shew , that the government had issued its mandates to the barrack department , and that its directions had been faithfully executed , `` Ex uno disce omnes . '' The same course had been adopted in all the other departments , and particularly by the comptroller of the navy . If they could prove the fact in one instance , that would be sufficient to prove their case . He felt , that in this instance the principles of the constitu- 754 tion were involved , and that there was no borough , so hermetically sealed , to which this influence , if countenanced , might not extend . This was a case that involved the honour , the dignity , and the independence of parliament . If the house were to suffer such practices to pass uncensured ; if it were to forfeit the solemn pledge contained in its former resolutions , it would forfeit its own character , honour and authority . Here he begged leave to read the letter of the duke of Chandos , which had given rise to the resolution of 1779 , and which only recommended to some friend , to attend the county meeting at Southampton , in order to add to the respectability of the assembly . Yet the duke of Chandos was a person who had considerable property in the county , and wrote only to a private individual , whilst the secretary of the treasury , who had written in this case , had no property in the county , and had set a whole public department in motion . He had done his duty , in promoting the application by petition to that house , and in tracing the case through its whole progress , and should therefore in this instance , follow up that duty by voting , that the petition be referred to the committee of privileges.—On the question being put , said , that in rising to vindicate himself from