the whole export tonnage ; and the seamen employee not quite 1–23d part of the seamen in the 948 general trade . He wished gentlemen to consider , therefore , whether , in the flourishing state of our commerce , employment would not be found for this shipping , if not embarked in this traffic . The noble lord then shewed by a similar comparative statement , that the proportion of the capital embarked in the African trade , was , on the average of ten years preceding the year 1800 , one 24th part of the whole capital of the export trade . That capital must have since been reduced to a still lower proportion , by the operation of the slave carrying bill , and the bills which prohibited the importation of slaves into the colonies conquered from the enemy . What remained now was only a remnant of the trade for the supply of the old British colonies . The measures he had alluded to , had reduced that capital 4–7ths , so that there remained in the trade a capital which was not more perhaps than 1–80th of the whole export trade capital . The number of slaves yearly imported was but 15,000 , which gave a capital of 250,000l . The value of the whole of the exports of this country was in 1805 , 55 millions ; so that , assuming the capital in slaves at double what he had stated , or 500,000l . it would be but 1–110th part of the whole export capital ; and when they considered the increase and prosperity of our commerce , notwithstanding the unjustifiable means taken by the enemy to stop its progress , there could be no doubt that various ways might be devised of employing the capital to advantage . It had been stated that the measure would ruin Liverpool , and cause the loss of the whole of its revenue from dock duties , which revenue , however , was stated at only 5000l . To shew the fallacy of such a statement , he had only to direct their attention to certain facts contained in the accounts upon the table . In 1772 , this country employed 175 ships in the African trade , of which 100 were from Liverpool ; the number of vessels in this trade was reduced in 1779 to 28 , of which 11 were from Liverpool . In the same year , the dock duties produced but 4,552l . ; whereas , in the latter , they had produced 4,957l . ; a satisfactory proof that the dock duties did not depend upon the slave trade . It had been said that this trade afforded a good supply of seamen to the navy . But this he denied . It appeared by the muster-books from Liverpool , which had been laid before the house in 1793 , that the mortality amongst the sea- 949 men in that trade was to the mortality in the West-India trade as eight to one . A traffic , therefore , so destructive of the seamen employed in it , could not be considered beneficial to the navy . The readiness with which the men entered the king 's ships on their arrival in the West Indies , shewed what their opinion of that trade was . The practice was for men to desert to the merchant service in every other branch of trade , but from this they voluntarily entered the king 's ships . What was to be thought of the policy of procuring such an improvident supply , if even it were to be admitted , that the trade did afford a supply to the navy ? —Having thus proved that no material loss would result from the abolition in point of tonnage for exportation , or in point of supply to the navy , the noble lord proceeded to consider the effects of this measure upon the West-India islands . Those who were averse to the abolition , did not insist so much upon its effects with regard to the further improvement of the islands , as upon