basis originally agreed upon between the two governments . But why , it may be demanded , was not the French government called upon 281 to avow their agreement with this principle in writing ? They unquestionably wished it to be so understood by us , although they cautiously avoided formally committing it to writing , in order , doubtless , that they might afterwards have room to cavil ; but is this any sufficient reason , why this government should not have treated upon that ground ? The tone of the French government evidently altered after the signature of D'Oubril 's treaty ; but there had been a clear admission , previous to this event , that such was the mutually understood agreement . I can not , then , avoid being of opinion , that when these considerations are candidly weighed , this single objection , as stated by the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) should not have induced the noble lord to give a mere qualified approbation to the address . It may not , indeed , be perfectly regular , if I remind the noble lord of what formerly passed in another place , when he defended the negociations in a former treaty of peace , when his lordship called upon the other house of parliament , to look to the result of the whole , rather than to the detail piecemeal , and if it appeared , from the ratification of the whole , that it had been conducted upon sound principles , the house ought to be satisfied . Now , I would ask , can there be any room to suppose that it was not the intention of the French government that it should be fully understood by us , that the uti possidetis was the basis on which they agreed to treat ; and , although they artfully continued to decline committing it into a formal written declaration , I have no hesitation in saying , that the people of England are perfectly satisfied that this was the intention of the French government . I acknowledge , indeed , that it is a serious thing for ministers to put forth any declaration in the name of their sovereign , which can not be substantiated by facts ; but , after what I have stated , I think that there can be no just ground for imputation the veracity of the government of this country . I am persuaded , my lords , that but few negociations can be quoted , which , throughout the whole of them , exhibit , on the part of government , more proofs of self-denial , and good faith and honour , than his majesty 's ministers have manifested upon the present occasion . All the territories of Sweden , of Portugal , and of the Porte , were guaranteed in their integrity . On the part of the king of the Two Sicilies , no positive treaty bound us to his interests , so that all that was attempted on his be- 282 half , was honourable on our part . Our scrupulous adherence to our treaty with the emperor of Russia , and that even at the trying period of M. d'Oubril 's improvident provisional and separate treaty with France , does honour to the good faith of this country ; and I trust that we shall continue to cherish our connection with that magnanimous emperor , from a conviction that the interests of both countries are deeply involved in the continuation of that connection . With respect , my lords , to Hanover , I confess that I have met with animadversions on that subject which have given me pain . It is true , that it was a part of the Act of Settlement , that this nation should not be obliged to enter into war , on account of any foreign settlements , appertaining to the family which should inherit the throne of these kingdoms , without the express consent of parliament ; but , surely , it was no part of the Act of Settlement , nor was it ever intended