mover of the address might justify some strong comments upon that negociation . But it would be better to reserve these until the papers relative to the subject should be in possession of the house . He thought , however , that it would be but fair to state to his majesty 's ministers what , as far as the documents had transpired , appeared to him to be the defective parts of their case . The British declaration contained three unproved allegations . The first was , that the overture for peace had come from France ; and as this was also insisted on in the speech , he had no doubt that ministers had something to produce , which would give an entirely new colour to this part of the transaction . He denied , however , entertaining any opinion that had the offer of peace proceeded from England , ministers would have been culpable . Had peace been a desirable thing , it mattered little in what quarter the proposal for it originated.—Adverting to Mr. Fox 's first letter to M. Talleyrand , he observed , that there were fifty other and better ways in which the intelligence which it contained might have been communicated , and he condemned most strongly the reception which the answer to that letter experienced , The assertion that the British government were beginning a new course , as illustrated by the transaction alluded to , was false . Never had the British government been the stimulators of assassination . Had he held the situation which the late right hon . gent . occupied , he should have thought it his duty to repel the accusation with contempt and indignation . The second unproved allegation , contained in the British declaration , related to the basis of the negociation , which was asserted to be the uti possidetis ; now throughout the negociation the basis referred to was that stated in Mr. Fox 's letter , the mutual honour of the countries ; a basis no more like the uti possidetis , than it was like the 52 propria quœ maribus . The third unproved allegation , which he had no doubt that the French government had completely misrepresented , was , that we had refused to treat except in conjunction with our allies . Now , from the partial documents that had been published , it appeared that that had been the case in the first instance , but that afterwards the British government had treated alone . He had no doubt that this would be satisfactorily cleared up , as the address stated in high terms of panegyric , the great care of his majesty for his allies . The particular mention of Russia and Sweden , was proof that some misrepresentation existed.—Having thus stated the points which it was necessary for his majesty 's ministers to elucidate , and having considered the state of this country with respect to foreign relations , he proceeded to examine our domestic situation . It was impossible but that he must look at our means of internal strength with the utmost seriousness . We must examine the physical force , and the spirit by which it was actuated . Our internal policy was intimately connected with this contemplation . And first , with regard to the dissolution of the last parliament ; there was a great difference between questioning the exercise of an independent prerogative , and questioning the propriety of exercising it at such a period . If the dissolution were prompted by party views , with the hope of giving a triumph to ministers , and if , for these purposes , they created and revived party differences , at a time when they loudly called for unanimity , their conduct was highly culpable . But he had no doubt that ministers had some great public advantage to gain ; for he could not suppose that they merely wished to obtain a few supporters in parliament , at least this he was sure they would not avow.—Another class of observations would apply to the practical means of defence and attack which