. He declared that if he had not heard such language spoken in that house , and had it been reported to him out of doors , he could not have believed it . But if , after all , the present bill should pass , and if any insurrection should take place in the islands , ( as he really dreaded , ) he declared , that he should have a right to conclude , that it was because this act had passed , more especially as the noble lord had acknowledged that for 20 years past no such insurrection had occurred . In his opinion , had a French general landed in any of the islands , with an address to the blacks to excite them to insurrection , no such attempt would have proved more successful than the preamble to the present bill . The noble lord thought , that some sort of machinery might be substituted in place of the labour of the slaves ; but was it not most extraordinary that the planters themselves , who were so materially interested , should not have conceived such a thing practicable ? 960 The noble lord said , with one breath , that this was the proper time , and yet , with another , he fairly acknowledged that no hopes could be indulged of the concurrence of France . But , for his own part , he could not but consider it as a most improper time for bringing forward such a proposition , for , without obtaining the co-operation of other states , the promoters of this measure would defeat their own object ; and , surely , if the slave trade was allowed to exist at all , according to the late regulations , it appeared to be carried on with more lenity by this than by any other government . It sufficiently appeared , that Bonaparte would never become a party to such a bill as the present ; his object when applied to was obviously to evade , and now that the fanatic ideas of humanity and policy were broached , would he be ready to take it up ? With regard to the Portuguese , he understood that they had actually written to Liverpool to engage captains and ships for this trade , merely in consequence of the resolutions of the last parliament . But , supposing the trade to be abolished , it would even then be impossible for all the frigates of the British navy , without the concurrence and co-operation of the colonists themselves , to prevent the importation of slaves ; it was the interest both of the traders and colonists to have slaves introduced . As to America , their prohibition merely extended to the introduction of slaves into America ; but if permitted to trade at all , they would immediately adapt their trade to the introduction of slaves into our colonies . The noble lord had given no estimate of the loss which the colonists would sustain by the abolition of this trade , which amounted to a property of 90 millions sterling , and the imports into the West Indies to between 4 and 5 millions , —a momentous part of the subject , but which the noble lord had kept totally out of view ! With regard to the emancipation of the slaves , he had only to say , that the opinion of those who had the best local information on the subject , was , that such a measure would produce the downfall of the empire . With regard to the gradual abolition of the trade , he should not have objected to it under proper restrictions and regulations ; but should the present bill pass into a law , his belief was that before 12 months were at an end , conspiracies and insurrections would take place ; and with regard to emancipation , that might take place in a way that was tittle wished for was desirous of saying a few words on the present bill , both to satisfy his own feelings , and to fulfil the