Mr. Johnson , from the chief secretary 's office , presented the 32d Report of the commissioners of Accounts in Ireland , which was ordered to be laid on the table , and printed.—On the motion of Mr. Parnell , it was ordered , That there be laid before this house , an Account of the sums levied by Grand Juries of the several counties in Ireland , respectively , for 4 years , from Jan. 1 , 1803 , distinguishing each year and each assize ; and distinguishing the sums levied for the Militia , from those levied for other purposes , together with an account of the rate per acre on the county at large , of the sum levied in each county in each year.—Mr . Fellowes moved , That the order made on the 8th day of July in the last session of the last parliament , `` That there be prepared a copy of the return or returns made to the Privy Council by every Archbishop and Bishop of the names of every Dignity , Prebend , Benefice , Dona–tive , Perpetual Curacy , and Parochial Chapelry , within their respective dioceses , or subject to their respective jurisdictions , and the names of the several persons pos–sessing the same , who shall not have re–sided thereon by reason of any exemption under or by virtue of the Act of 43 Geo . III . c. 84 ; and also of all the persons pos–sessing the same not having any such ex-exemption or licence , who shall not have resided on such Dignity , Prebend , Bene–fice , Donative , Perpetual Curacy , or Parochial Chapelry , so far as the bishop is informed thereof , in order to the same being laid before the house early in the next session of parliament , '' might be read ; and the same being read , it was ordered that the said returns be laid before the house.—The following Election Petitions were presented , and fixed for considera–tion , viz . Two from Downpatrick Bo–rough , complaining , on the part of J. W. Croker , Esq . and the Electors in his interest , of the return of E. S. Ruthven , .esq . to be considered on Thursday , Feb. 12.—Liskeard , on the part of Capt . Tomlinson , to be considered on Tuesday , Feb. 17.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , it was ordered that there be laid before the house an account of the Exchequer Bills out–standing , under the act of last session for raising 10,500,000l . on Exchequer 252 bills.—Lord Temple brought in a bill to indemnify the regraters of Oak Bark from certain vexatious penalties imposed by an act of James J. and for repealing that part of the said act ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—Mr . Calcraft presented the estimates of the Ordnance Service for the year 1807 , and gave notice that he would move them this day se'nnight in the committee of supply . The estimates were ordered to be printed . Mr. Parkhurst , secretary to the Carnatic commissioners , presented the first report of that board , which was ordered to lie on the table.—The Election Trial bill was read a second time and committed.—The lord Chancellor said , he was authorized by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) to give notice that the noble lord intended to present to the house the next day , a bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade . Mr. Parkhurst , from the commissioners for liquidating the Carnatic debts , presented their first report to the house , which was ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Mr . Vansittart presented an account of Exchequer Bills outstanding and unprovided for . Ordered to lie on the table.—He then gave notice that he would the next day in the committee of supply , move for an issue of Exchequer Bills.—On Mr. Vansittart 's moving that the Oak Bark regrating indemnity bill be read a second time , lord Folkestone