a word on the merits of another gentleman , the original mover of the question . The great and brilliant eloquence we so lately heard , still vibrates on the ears a the house ; but he has his reward— `` What nothing earthly gives , or can destroy , The soul 's calm sunshine , and the heart-felt joy '' of having rescued thousands of the unhappy , oppressed natives of Africa from the scourge , avarice , and tyranny of Europe , he has at last the conscious pleasure of seeing his laudable exertions , his unwearied zeal , his indefatigable perseverance , crowned with success , ant he has been singularly happy in throwing a sacred lustre over his moral and pathetic reasoning , by the affecting fervour of his religious sentiments . could not do justice to the sentiments of his Constituents , nor to his own , if he were to give a silent vote in favour of the bill . He therefore offered a few observations in support of it . spoke in favour of the abolition , to which he had , from his earliest years , devoted himself with a zeal and attention inferior only to those of his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) . He would ask one of the opposers of the bill , who was a member of the board of aldermen of London , whether he would think it a happy change , to be snatched away from one of the city banquets , and crammed into a slave ship as the blacks were ? He blamed the planters for not making preparation in compliance with the notices they had received . in reply to his hon . friend , observed , that he was now in the very situation he had described . He was now no longer an alderman of the city of London ; he no longer banqueted upon the luxuries of the civic board , but bore the burthen of a slave ; for he had embarked all his property in our West-India colonies ; he felt the shackles of the slave about him , and he no longer enjoyed that freedom he was before possessed of . After some general observations , he concluded by expressing his decided opposition to the measure in its present shape . objected to the principle of the bill , as well as to the consequences which would unavoidably result from passing it into a law . He recommended a gradual decrease . contended , that the abolition itself would furnish ample compensation to the planters , as it must naturally tend to enhance the value of their present negroes and plantations , while he argued that a continuance of this traffic would , by operating to increase the means of cultivation , serve to extend the produce , which was already superabundant , and thus lead to the ruin of the planters more immediately and effectively than could , by any calculation , be apprehended from an immediate abolition.— Amidst a loud cry of question ! question ! . and said , from the lateness of the hour and the eagerness which the house very naturally felt to go into the committee , be should reserve the sentiments which he entertained upon this important subject for another stage of this bill . Differing , as he did upon this question , from many of those whom he 1051 most respected and esteemed , he was naturally desirous for an opportunity of stating the grounds which appeared to his mind to justify this difference . With all the reverence which he felt for the principles of justice and humanity , still he confessed that he had not courage to come to the decision which the advocates of this measure proposed ; contemplating as he did the effects which its adoption threatened to produce ; and apprehending from it ; and at no very distant period too , no less than the ruin of the country . He most fervently wished that these apprehensions might prove to be unfounded ; but yet they had made such an