go on in the old way , and to grant promotions only to favour and to connections . What was to prevent them from recruiting from the militia ? According to the right hon . gent . 's plan , the militia were to be reduced to 40,000 men ; from the surplus number , therefore , the army might be strongly recruited . Yet , notwithstanding the ease with which this mode of recruiting might be resorted to , it had not been adopted . Why , the real reason he believed to be , because ministers were afraid of offending the militia colonels . This , of course , they could not state in that house , but this he believed to be the real reason . It had again been stated by a right hon . secretary of the treasury this evening , that he ( Mr . J . ) had pledged himself to make a motion re–specting the conduct of ministers relative to their professions of economy . He thought it necessary therefore again to deny , that he had so pledged himself . At the same time , he conceived that ministers had acted Wholly contrary to their professions of eco–nomy , and that all they had done was to give salaries to themselves , and with re–spect to salary granted to one of them he did intend to make it a subject of discussion in that house . The hon . gent . pro- 546 ceeded to enter into an examination of the estimates , contending that there was no proof whatever in them of economy , and particularly noticing the item of contingen–cies , which was stated at 52,000l . Upon another point also be wished for some sa–tisfactory information , which as , what were the nature of the duties executed by the muster-master general of Ireland , and why it was thought necessary for that office to be executed by two persons ? expressed his regret at being obliged to detain the house at so late an hour , but he felt it his duty to make a few observa–tions , in consequence of its having been asserted by gentlemen on the other side , that if these estimates had been brought forward by the late administration , the amount would have been 5 or 600,000l . greater than their present amount . He could not avoid , however , digressing from this subject , to notice two or three other points . He had listened to the panegyric of the hon . baro–net , sir John Doyle , upon present and former statesmen , and was extremely sur–prised to hear him praise ministers for their conduct during the late negotiation , a measure which , above all others , in his opinion , was calculated to hold them up to the contempt of the country . The other point was the delay in sending reinforce–ments to Buenos Ayres . It was admitted that ministers received intelligence of sir Home Popham 's expedition on the 24th of June , and yet no reinforcements were sent out till October . It had been alleged that there were no transports . Why were there not ? During the greater part of the administration of his right hon . friend , now no more , transports were kept constantly ly–ing at Spithead , sufficient for three thou–sand men , with victuallers ready to accom–pany them . It was not to be expected that transports were to be ready for a stay of four or five years , in any place to which they Might be sent , but certainly transports were at the disposal of ministers , sufficient to enable them to send a strong reinforce–ment to that expedition . His right hon . friend also constantly took care that there should be a brigade of three or four thou–sand men kept ready for any emergency . Returning to the subject of the estimates , he found that the amount of them was ac–tually 475,000l . more than those of 1805 . This was a sufficient answer to the assertion , that the