, that it ought to see no ground of suspicion in a letter written by the secretary of the treasury to the head of a principal department of the public service , a department having greater influence in Hampshire than in any other county , to use his influence in favour of a particular candidate . He would not himself say , that such a letter was a ground for pronouncing the writer and his principals guilty . But he thought the house would hardly be of opinion that there was not in it strong ground for suspicion , and for inquiry . He professed the highest respect for the hon . gent . whose name was coupled with the charge preferred to the petition . He had never heard the hen . gent . 's name mentioned otherwise than with respect , except in the petition . He had never witnessed a more honourable , a more candid , or a more affecting appeal to the sense of the house , than the hon . gent . had made . There was no part of that appeal which was not creditable to the hon . gent . as an individual . Any complaint that his interposition in the election might be liable to , could attach only to his official capacity . Nothing was more true than that the persons composing a government were not disqualified . from exerting their rights as individuals , in common with every other subject ; but they should exert them with caution , so that it should always appear to be the individual right they exerted , and not 771 the power and influence of the government . The hon . gent . might have written to his private connections and dependants , with all possible zeal and ardour to exert themselves to promote the election of his friends . But the ground of complaint was , that the letter was addressed , not by Mr. Fremantle , a gentleman of property and a freeholder of Hampshire , to general Hewitt , a person of private connection in that county , but from Mr. Fremantle , secretary of the treasury , to general Hewitt , head of the barrack department , claiming the exertions of his influence through all the ramifications , connections , and dependancies of that department . It could not justly be assumed , that this was the only instance of the undue interposition of government in this election . The expression of his hon . friend `` Ex uno disce omnes , '' was in itself an assurance that there were many similar instances ; and the petition stated this one , only as a specimen of a multitude of other facts which were to be brought forward , and which the petitioners were ready to prove . It was not for him to say , how far the allegations of the petition would be made out ; but as a member of parliament , he would say , that the petitioners having stated such facts , and having declared themselves ready to prove them , it would require much stronger reasons than he had heard , to justify the dismissal of the petition without proper attention and respect . The hon . gent . towards the close of his speech , cited a former instance of a friend of his ( Mr. Jervoise ) , who had been turned out of the representation of the county of Hants , by the interposition of the power of government ; and the hon . gent . argued from this , that the interposition of government to turn out the old representative in the present instance , was but a fair reprisal . But what excuse was it to the freeholders of the county of Hants , that their independence was to be continually invaded , because the reprisal was allowable on the part of those who might happen to be at the time in power , and whose friend might have formerly received a wrong , which they thought proper to retaliate ? But , was it to be argued