, by the operation of the Sinking Fund ? He was sure that he should not be suspected of derogating from the character and talents of the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) then at the head of his majesty 's government , for whom he entertained the highest respect ; but undoubtedly the result of those expectations was , that in the fourth year of the war , our debt had increased 50 millions on account of England , and 17 millions on account of Ireland ; being at an average rate of 17 millions annually . He feared that a similar result would follow the noble lord 's calculations . The noble lord had omitted to consider the necessary enhancement that must take place in the price of every article required for the service of the country . He had made no allowance for that which was inevitable , the situation of 599 the continent , which would call for essential aid from this country . There was another point which must immediately cause the total failure of the plan . This was the state of Ireland . The charges of a civil nature in Ireland amounted to 3,800,000l . while the whole receipt of the exchequer did not exceed 3,670,000l . ; it would therefore be out of the power of Ireland to raise within herself the interest of the 5 millions . The noble lord had totally omitted to notice what must be the result when the two exchequers of England and Ireland should be united . Then the whole of the interest of the 5 millions must be raised in England , as Ireland was unable to do it within herself . Many other points might be mentioned , but these were enough to induce the house and the country not to be too sanguine in their expectations of being enabled to carry on the war for 20 years , without incurring any additional burthens . It was an expectation that could never be realized , and the disappointment of the people would render them more prone to complain of the privations to which they must necessarily be subject . He could not resist saying these few words , even under the disadvantage of the impression that had just been made by the noble lord 's eloquence . alluding to that part of the hon . gent . 's observations which related to Ireland , said , that the hon . gent . must be aware that the finances of Ireland rested on a footing totally distinct from those of England ; that the system , therefore , with regard to the war taxes could not possibly at present extend to that country . observed , that after the able speech of his noble friend , he would not have troubled the house had it not been for the allusion to his noble relation , made by the hon . gent . His noble relation had only said , that supposing the expenditure not to exceed 20 millions , the war might be carried on without additional taxes . This he had before stated in answer to the hon . gent . who had , on a former occasion , brought the same charge against his noble relation . in the absence of an hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) , who had been compelled by indisposition to leave the house , declared , that owing to the exertions made in Ireland during the last year , the revenue of that country had been increased half a million . A few years ago the revenue of Ireland was little more than a million ; it now amounted to nearly four 600 millions . The increasing trade , and the abolition of injurious restrictions , would probably soon augment this revenue , and make the annual income of Ireland bear the same proportion to her annual expenditure , as the annual income of Great Britain did to her annual expenditure . from the experience he had in Irish finance , was also of opinion that they were in a very promising state . He thought