) , and a tonnage duty on ships from 6d , to 3s . a ton , varying also according to the different parts of the wor1d to which they shall be bound . The pledge given that it should not be continued was under a clear conviction that it would be highly impolitic to do so . During such a naval war as the present , while we have nearly the exclusive supply of foreigners with our manufactures , no considerable risk is incurred by the duty , but immediately on the return of peace , other countries will come , as we well know , in very close competition with us , and the same with respect to the navigation.—In the reign of Charles II . when the subject of political economy was little understood , a duty was imposed on our exports ; but so early as the reign of king William , the duty on woollens was taken off , and in 1722 the whole were repealed [ refer to the preambles of the 11th and 12th W. 3d . ch . 20 , and the 8th Geo . 1. ch . 15 , reciting the importance of taking off the duties to the manufacturing and commercial interests of 809 the country ] . In the year preceding the general repeal in 1722 , the value of our exports from England was 4,500,000l . which was the average of the four years preceding , In 1722 they rose to 5,293,000l . and the average of the four succeeding years was 5,070,000l . The value is now , not less from England , than 22,000,000l . I state from England only , and on the Custom house value , because we have no accounts of the exports from Scotland in the former period . With such experience before us , if danger were not self evident , it would surely be an extraordinary dereliction of our duty if we should continue this impost in time of peace . The ship owners we know are already alarmed , and have taken measures for calling the attention of ministers , or parliament , to the importance of the subject ; nor can it be doubted , but that the manufacturers in almost every branch , as well as the merchants who export the goods , will do the same.—There remains then only the Malt Duty ; the produce of which will perhaps not be effected by the return of peace : but , let me call the attention of the Committee to the circumstances attending this ; previously to the war of 1793 , the whole duty on the article was 1s . 3¾d . a bushel . In 1791 , a further duty of 3d . was imposed ( among other articles ) to continue for 3 years to pay off the debt of 3,000,000l . incurred for the Spanish armament , but it was so loudly and universally complained of , and found so oppressive , as to induce a repeal of it at the end of the first year . Mr. Addington added 1sd . 3¼d . a bushel permanent ; and the war duty is 2s . making a total of 4s . 4d . exceeding the duty before the war by 3s.—when in 1792 , it was thought 3d . was oppressive . Is it then too much by ask of the committee to pause before they decide to leave such a pressure , which bears principally on the middling and lower classes of society , while it is understood , that the whole of the Income Tax , by which the higher orders are principally affected , is to cease on a peace ? it would be fair at least to let the latter share the burthen ; 1l . per cent . on that would be about equal to half the Malt Duty.—I have now gone through the whole of the War Taxes ; and if I am not very much deceived myself on the subject , I must have convinced the committee of the impolicy of continuing in peace all but