our sinking fund , and to reduce , and diminish the public debt , so as to allow us , if necessary , to go into a new war with ample resources . Though that was not done as much as he could wish by the noble lord 's plan , it was very nearly done . The national debt was certainly a great and awful weight upon the exertions and industry of the country ; but it was still a pleasing reflection to consider , that the annual income of the nation was brought within 2,500,000l . of the expenditure ; that whilst the enemy had supported the expences of warfare by confiscations , by a diminution at one period of the public debt , and next of the interest on the debt , by an illusory system of assignats , by spoliations on foreign states , and extorting from others a tribute , as the price of a mock independence , Great Britain , in the progress of a war avowedly undertaken and conducted against her resources , had risen superior to her difficulties , and had in this period of its progress almost equalised its income with its expenditure . In expressing his approbation of the plan of the noble lord , even on its own merits , he felt that opinion considerably strengthened , by contrasting it with those recommended by the hon . gentlemen on the opposite side , which increased the public burthens in the present instance , and in no degree diminished the accumulation of the public debt . could not hope to make 924 himself understood in what he had to say on this subject , if the statement of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) had failed of conveying a clear idea of its purport . Before he entered on what he had to say , he purposed to make one or two observations on the preliminary topics which had been introduced into the discussion . The debates on this subject would have the effect of shewing to the public , that the expenditure of the country , which had been taken at 38 millions , would not be the whole of the expenditure , and therefore of removing any delusive hopes that might arise from such an impression . But though the noble lord could not have accurately estimated the amount of the actual expenditure , yet as increased expenditure ought to have been provided for , and he understood that they were likely even in the present year , to be called on for a much larger sum than any that bad been yet mentioned . Either Russia was to be abandoned , and peace to be the consequence on the continent , or this country should advance the necessary subsidies to our allies . There was also a charge of 500,000l . due from government to the East-India company , which ought to have been included in the civil expenditure of the country . The document that had been circulated to the public , held out a more favourable prospect than was borne out by the papers before the house , upon which it was founded . That paper represented that the addition to the debt under the proposed system , would be on the average of 20 years , 3 millions and a half , whereas it would in fact be 4 millions and a half . If , as had been said by the last speaker , the additions made to the taxes last session , had been adapted with a view to this plan , it seemed strange , that in the speech at the opening of the session , his majesty was made to lament the necessity of adding to the burthens of his people ; this plan being intended to prevent further taxation . It had been the fashion formerly to argue for the necessity of relieving posterity from burthens , but now the argument was to relieve the present moment , and leave the burthens to posterity . He was a friend to the plan of leaving the burthens to affect