the alteration in the system of recruiting ; a point which had been discussed more than any other . The explanation of what had taken place on this head belonged , more properly , perhaps , to a person much more able than he : but in consideration of the anxiety the house naturally felt upon it , he thought it right to say something with respect to it here . It would be remembered by many gentlemen ; that so long as 12 years ago , he had urged the propriety of adopting a measure of this kind for the amelioration of the army . It Would be remembered also , that he never expected , from the adoption of it , any sudden effect , but rather a gradual amelioration in the recruiting of the army , leading finally to the most beneficial effects . He was of opinion that the measure , so far as it had now been tried , gave full appearance of the benefits he had anticipated , and he was satisfied that while it continued to be tried , it would be found more beneficial every year . It was no argument against the permanent benefit , that no rapid improvement had yet been felt . It was not till last October that the measure had been regularly carried into effect . Consequently there had not been a fair trial in the last year . It would , perhaps , be taking too much credit to this measure to impute to it the whole of the improvement in the recruiting department that had taken place since October ; but it was certain that it had been eminently successful in the two great objects of Obtaining a greater number of men at a lower bounty . It had also been eminently successful in another great and beneficial point of view , the diminution of desertion . These great advantages were conspicuous in the short period of the last year , in which the new system had been acted upon ; and if it had been tried in the other 8 months of the year , he was certain the beneficial effects of it would have been conspicuous . These were the only topics he felt it his duty to notice . If any gentleman required further explanations , he Would most readily give them . He concluded with moving the first Resolution , `` That 113,795 effective men , commis 480 sioned and non-commissioned officers included , be employed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , from the 25th of Dec. 1806 , to the 24th of Dec . 1807 . '' On the question being put , rose . He said he had listened with great attention to the statement of the right hon . gent. , and though he did not mean to enter into the items , he confessed , he certainly felt considerable difficulty in entering into this discussion , from the circumstance of the estimates not being printed , and still more from the want of any distinct specification , as to a great part of the expence , that had arisen out of the new measures adopted in the last session . It was difficult to come prepared to state an opinion generally upon a large branch of the public expenditure , when a great part of the expenditure of that branch remained wholly unexplained . He thought parliament was unnecessarily subjected to this difficulty , and that a more full explanation might have been afforded before the estimates were called for . He had imagined that when parliament was called together at a period so unusual , and so inconsistent With the habits of the country , some measure connected with the paramount interests of the people must have been the motive . Nothing , however , had yet been submitted to parliament , but the ordinary routine business , except merely the negotiation papers . And he was of opinion that the discussion of that subject , too , might better have been postponed till a period more congenial to the parliamentary practice