which it contained , could escape the notice of such a penetrating politician as M. Talleyrand . He did not like the expression of perfect attachment to the man who had been the disturber of Europe in the late wars . It was natural to expect that a fulsome letter should be sent in answer ; but this was not to be shewn to John Bull . He was not to see that . In saying this , he did not mean to cast any 333 reflection on Mr. Fox more than the nature of the case warranted . When the friendship of Mr. Fox and M. Talleyrand began , he could not say . Perhaps it was when Talleyrand was here , in 1792 , and had kindled the flames of war over Europe . He would pass over what had occurred previous to the arrival of lord Yarmouth . He acknowledged that Mr. Fox had exposed the sophistry of Talleyrand in a clear and manly manner . But , was it the policy of Talleyrand to obtain peace ? No . Why then it was nothing better than a truce upon the principle before mentioned , to enable Bonaparte to make preparations for his attack on Russia and Prussia . Talleyrand saw that Mr. Fox was desirous of peace , and though he himself was not desirous of it , yet he knew how to make the most of the disposition manifested by Mr. Fox . He saw how he might distract , disappoint , and confound us in all our operations , and he had succeeded . Mr. Fox 's letter might , for any thing he knew to the contrary , have been given to the French party at St. Petersburgh , with a view to create doubts in the mind of the emperor . He knew not whether Mr. Fox had the precaution to inform the emperor of Russia that he had sent such a letter . It was sufficient to say , that he would not conclude peace without Russia , but he ought to have given the emperor notice beforehand . Talleyrand might have even insisted , from that letter , that a negociation was going on , and thus alienated the mind of our ally . Did he stick at going beyond the truth on another occasion ? This negociation or truce was merely a blind , to enable Buonaparte the more securely to prepare for war against Prussia , our natural ally . It was only by a co-operation with Prussia that we could attack France . Now , he said that this obvious policy was lost sight of in our late war with Prussia , in consequence of which we had no influence in councils , so that the late calamities happened to the king , and such was his situation now , that we must run all over Germany before we could find him out . Buonaparte conjured up a phantom which set Prussia and us by the ears , and which , like the dispute of Achilles and Agamemnon , brought upon us whole Iliad of calamities . We did not seem to be aware of this . Now it was well known that Talleyrand was a man of considerable experience , and he chose the noble lord opposite ( Yarmouth ) to carry on the negociation under circumstances 334 where he was not a proper person for the business , because he was then a prisoner in France , and had hopes of freedom only through the medium of peace . This country ought not to have entrusted such a burthen to a man unaccustomed to diplomacy ; he said this without any disrespect to the noble lord , but really it was not fitting that he should be sent to treat with such a man as Talleyrand . This was very imprudent , and it was not less ungenerous to censure the noble lord in this public manner , when he happened not to have pleased them . Now , as to the basis of the uti possidetis , the whole lay between the assertions of