the sort of popularity which distinguished the treasurer of the navy ( Mr. Sheridan ) from the other candidates , at the election for Westminster . Observing that the right hon . gent . was not in his place , he should abstain , at present , from taking a view of ministerial popularity in that city . He would take the liberty , however , of asking a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) whom he was glad to see in the house , what he thought of the point at issue ? Why was he unsuccessful at Southwark , if the friends of ministers had been as popular as the noble lord would infer from comparison ? The fact was , that as soon as the right hon . gent . connected himself with the negative quality of popularity which belonged to the present ministers , he found that he could not be returned.—With regard to the subjects referred to in his majesty 's speech , there were many points which would be open to future consideration , when the official papers should be before the house . This , however , he wished the noble lord to believe , that in his opinion—and it was an opinion in which every man in the house and the country must coincide—were no papers produced but those already published by the French government , it would 85 be no difficult matter to prove that England , during the whole of the negociation , had maintained her character for sincerity and honour . On the very face of those papers appeared artifice on the one side , practising on credulity , on the other . There was one occurrence in the progress of the negociation which , it struck him , required explanation . It appeared by the French publication , that there had been two notes written on the same day , the 14th of June , contradictory to each other . The argument in the longer of these notes , was completely opposed by the act in the shorter of them . They related to the rejection of any negociation , but in concert with our allies ; but it seemed very probable that the communications from lord Yarmouth would clear up this at present inexplicable point . With regard to the omission in the address , of any condolence with his majesty on the death of the duke of Brunswick , if it had been possible to suppose that ministers could have contemplated that event without the proper feelings that it was calculated to excite , the impressive and pathetic manner , so highly honourable to himself , in which the noble lord had last night mentioned the circumstance , must completely have destroyed such a supposition . But the noble lord declared , that he had in vain ransacked the parliamentary records for a precedent . What precedent could he expect to find ? Was there ever an instance of the brother-in-law of the sovereign , and the father of the princess of Wales , stripped of his dominions , and dying in battle , in defence of the laws and independence of Europe ? Was there a precedent of such a fact ? Certainly not ; and certainly , therefore , there could be no precedent of such a condolence . He therefore did think , that in the address to his majesty , it would have been proper to express the feelings which the house of commons must entertain on such an occasion . But there were greater omissions in his majesty 's speech , which he would slightly notice . For the first of these omissions , which respected the glorious battle of Maida , he felt himself totally at a loss to account ; for that government were sensible of the value and importance of this victory , was evident from the notice given by the right hon . secretary for the war department , that he would on Monday propose to the house a vote of thanks to the gallant officers by whom it had been obtained . But