Howick , that the house should be called over.—A new writ was ordered for the 863 Borough of Derby , in . the room of Edward Coke , esq . who , since his election , has accepted of the Chiltern hundreds.—Sir Ralph Milbanke , from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of the hon . Richard Neville and William Henry Fremantle , esq . ; and also of the Petition of Nicholas Vincent , esq . John Scott , esq . the Rev . Rob . Hughes , clerk , Edward Herring , John Smith , and Edmund Nepean , gentlemen , severally complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Saltash , in the county of Cornwall , informed the house , That it appeared to the said Committee , That the merits of the petitions did depend upon the right of election ; and that therefore the said committee required the counsel for the several parties to deliver , to the clerk of the said committee , statements , in writing , of the right of election for which they respectively contended ; that in consequence thereof , the counsel for the petitioners delivered in a statement as follows : 'That the right of voting for members to serve in parliament for the borough of Saltash is in the mayor and free burgesses of the borough of Saltash , being members of the corporation within the same : ' That the counsel for the sitting members , Matthew Russell and Arthur Champernowne , esq . delivered in a statement as follows : 'That the right of election of members to serve in parliament for the borough of Saltash , in the county of Cornwall , is in every person seised of an estate for life , or some greater estate , in an entire ancient burgage tenement , situate within the borough aforesaid , whereon an ancient dwelling house now stands or formerly stood , and in no other persons . ' That , upon the statement delivered in by the counsel for the sitting members , the said committee have determined , That the right of election , as set forth in the said statement , is not the right of election for the said borough of Saltash ; that upon the statement delivered in by the counsel for the said several petitioners , the said committee have determined , that the right of election , as set forth in the said statement , is the right of election for the said borough of Saltash , so far as the said right is therein described : that the said Committee , having duly considered the said statements , and the evidence adduced before them , touching the right of election for the said borough of Saltash , have determined , that the right of voting for mem- 864 bers to serve in parliament for the borough of Saltash is in the mayor and free burgesses of the borough of Saltash , being members of the corporation within the same , and in no other persons.—That the said committee have also determined , that Matthew Russell and Arthur Champernowne , esqrs are not duly elected ; that the hon . Richard Neville , the petitioner , ought to have been returned a burgess to serve in this present parliament for the said borough ; that the said hon . Richard Neville , is duly elected a burgess to serve in this present parliament for the said borough ; that the said committee have determined , that W. H. Fremantle , esq . the petitioner , ought to have been returned a burgess to serve in this present parliament for the said borough ; that the said W.H . Fremantle esq . is duly elected a burgess to serve in this present parliament for the said borough : and that the opposition of the said . M. Russell and A. Champernowne , esqrs , to the said several petitions , did not appear to the said committee to be frivolous or vexatious . Ordered , That the deputy