but a wretch as ignorant as the one who asked him to engrave his own name on the shell which was to condemn him to banishment , have been weary of hearing him called `` the Just ? `` —Sir , to come nearer to our own times , could the great pensioner De Witt and his unhappy brother have met with their cruel and ignominious death from the hands of an enlightened populace ? To bring it immediately home , could the disgraceful scenes of 1780 , have taken place in this metropolis , had thought the hon . gent . entitled to the highest degree of gratitude for his able view of a subject of this magnitude ; but he feared the object of the hon . gent . would not be effected , without a general plan for the employment of the poor . feared that labour was not practicable on the plan alluded to by the right hon . gent . ; but he wished the overseers to have a power of contracting for such labour as could be made productive , and to carry it towards the fund for their maintenance . National employment would be a losing and indeed impracticable scheme . stated , that till within these few years the poor had been employed in a very useful manner in Lincolnshire , where the employment failed at length from the deficiency of that private attention which alone could keep it alive . He recommended to the hon . gent . to divide his bill into two or more bills . It might go to the quarter sessions in its present shape , but the division ought to take place before putting the matters to the final sense of the house . Mr. Pitt 's bill had failed chiefly by being too comprehensive . stated , that in Leicestershire there was much extraparochial land , the holders of which had voluntarily subjugated themselves to the county rates not wishing to be exempt from their fail share of the burthens borne by their neighbours . thought the hon . gent . entitled to the gratitude of the country for his able consideration of a subject of such magnitude . He saw much good in the hon gent . 's plan , and little that was not beneficially practicable . maintained , that no blame was due to the gentlemen of Lincoln , for the failure of the plan for the employment of the poor . The plan was impracticable and it was a delusion to expect much from it . The hon . gent . had taken an able view of this very extensive subject , but he feared the complexity of the hon . gent . 's plan would lead to more difficulty than what he wanted to get rid of . The act of Elizabeth contained the great principles of every good system ; and all that was required was to simplify and improve the system established upon those principles . The great man whose loss the house deplored , and would deplore for ever ( Mr. Pitt ) , had failed in an attempt to introduce such a 920 bill as that proposed by the hon . gentleman . If the hon . gentleman should , however , succeed in remedying the present evils , he would confer a lasting benefit on the country . allowed the existence of every grievance which the hon . gent . ascribed to the present poor-laws . He was not prepared to say , how far the present plan contained adequate remedies . The opinion of the justices could not be collected at the next quarter session , and it would be material to the facility of collecting that opinion , to divide the bill into three or four parts . said , there could be but one feeling with respect to the ability with which his hon , friend had recommended this great subject to the house , and the zeal which he had bestowed in making himself perfectly master of it . However , his hon . friend , had no intention to press