have their right ascertained , and for that purpose they had presented themselves to the house , without meaning any opposition to the whole principle of the bill.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be printed . On the motion that it be committed on Monday , now that he understood that the bill was to have a retrospective operation , approved of it so far as related to the covering the vessels from capture ; but with regard to its retrospective operation as to the policies of insurance , he had some doubts . The underwriters had a legal right to decline the obligation of the policies , and though it would not be very honourable in them to take advantage of that circumstance , he did not think it clear that parliament should take such right from them , if they should think proper to act upon it.—The bill was ordered to be committed on Monday . reported from the committee of the whole house , to whom it was referred to consider of the several acts relating to the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported ; and also , of an act made in the 43d of his present majesty , for granting to his majesty , until 12 months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace , certain additional duties of excise in Great Britain , the Resolutions which the committee had directed 850 him to report to the house , which are as follows , viz . 1 . `` That it is the opinion of this committeee , that a Bounty of 10s . be allowed for every hundred weight of all double refined Sugar exported from Great Britain , over and above the bounty allowable on the exportation of refined Sugar in loaf complete and whole , and lump duly refined . 2 . That whenever it shall appear by notice in the London Gazette , that the average prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the preceding quarter of the year , taken in manner directed by an act of the 32d of his present Majesty , shall not have exceeded 40s . for an hundred weight , exclusive of the duties of customs paid or payable thereon , on the importation into Great Britain , then , and in every such case , there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty of 2s . for every hundred weight of Sugar the produce of the British Plantations exported from Great Britain ; and if , by such notice as aforesaid , it shall appear that the said average prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall have been at or above the price of 40s . and shall be under 45s . for an hundred weight , then , and in every such case , there shall be paid and allowed a bounty of one shilling for every hundred weight of such Sugar exported as aforesaid . 3 . That the bounties now payable on the exportation of sugar and sugar candy be allowed on depositing the same in warehouse for exportation . 4 . That it is the opinion of this committee , that an additional duty of 2s . 6d . be charged upon every gallon of foreign brandy , spirits , aqua vitæ , or strong waters ( other than rum , spirits , or aqua vitæ of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America ) , imported into Great Britain , or taken out of any warehouse in which the same may have been secured for home consumption . 5 . That an additional duty of 1s . be charged upon every gallon of foreign brandy , spirits , aqua vitæ , or strong waters ( other than rum , spirits , or aqua vitæ , of the produce of the British colonies or plantations in America ) , imported into Great Britain and exported therefrom , or taken out of any warehouse in which the same may have been secured for exportation to parts beyond the seas ( except to Ireland ) . '' The three first Resolutions