Addington moved for copies of all the correspondence between the governors of the West India colonies and others , since the year 1799 , relative to the importation of slaves , which were ordered accordingly.—Lord Howick moved that the house be called over on Tuesday next , which was agreed to.—Lord Temple brought in the Sierra Leone transfer bill , which was read a first time . said , that in the whole course of his parliamentary experience , he had never felt more difficulty in rising to address the house than he felt on the present occasion . He had to review the new and extended Plan of Finance proposed by the noble lord opposite ( lord Henry Petty ) , and to compare it in all its parts , and all its bearings , with the present system . When he considered with what deliberation the noble lord must have prepared his plan , and what able assistance he had to complete it , it was so disagreeable a thing for an individual like himself to state any thing in opposition to it , that nothing but an imperious sense of duty could warrant or induce him to offer himself to the house with that view . But the difference between his opinions and those maintained by the noble lord was so great , that there must be some material errors on one side or the other . Considering the advantages the noble lord had with respect to the means of viewing the subject , the errors were probably on his own side : but such was the conviction in his own mind of the truth of his own views of the subject , that he felt it a paramount duty to give the house an opportunity of comparing his opinions and calculations with those of the noble lord . He by no means wished to depreciate the noble lord 's plan on any general grounds . The facts and the reasons upon which his opinions were formed he would state specifically to the house ; and as he had felt it impossible to follow the noble lord opposite in the statement he had made on a former night , in a manner so creditable to him , from its clearness , it was his wish to follow the example of the noble lord and to leave his opinions open to the 726 examination of those who possessed the best means of correcting any errors they might contain , and to give an opportunity to them to come to parliament on the further consideration of this great subject , with the most correct views , formed upon the most deliberate and extensive examination . He hoped that , from these considerations , the house would grant him its indulgent construction , to aid him in the task he had to perform in calling upon parliament to weigh the grounds upon which he was led to doubt of the solidity of the system proposed by the noble lord . He was anxious that the difference between him and the noble lord should not be taken to be greater than it was . There were many views and many general principles in the noble lord 's statement , which he was not disposed to question : no principle was more clear than the propriety of considering at what time , consistently with equity towards the Stockholder , the produce of the sinking fund in a certain proportion , might be diverted from its original destination , and applied to the current service . If the Sinking Fund were allowed to proceed in its operation to the extinction of the whole public debt , a new order of things would be created , and the relative value of every thing as it stood now would be destroyed . He therefore agreed with the noble lord , that at some time parliament would be called upon to consider what ought to be the maximum of the Sinking Fund to be applied to the extinction of the debt . He was ready also to allow that the time might come when the principle