this country to the West Indies , but rather that they may obtain such a competent provision as they were not so likely to meet with at home . But , perhaps , it may be fit matter of enquiry , whether adequate measures have been adopted by the colonists themselves to keep up the while population , and such militia as may be needful to controul the 954 negroes . But , are there no modes of employment , in which the whites may be usefully engaged in the West Indies , as an encouragement for them to settle there ? I think , sir , that much may be done to encourage their settlement in these islands , and that a great deal of what is now performed by the blacks , might be performed by means of machinery , as well as that there are a great many articles of useful labour to which the whites are competent . I hope , therefore , that one good effect of the present measure will be to encourage the whites to settle in the West Indies , and to pursue such trades as those of blacksmiths , coopers , & c. and thus to increase the proportion of whites to blacks . There have been repeated emigrations from the Highlands of Scotland to America ; but in the upper lands of Jamaica , if I am not misinformed , there are better soils , where such as are driven by necessity from their native country might be usefully employed.—In short , sir , were I called to state my belief of what would be the measure of the greatest security and advantage to the West Indies , I would state this very measure . The negroes in the islands would then become attached to the soil , and to their masters , from kind treatment , and afford the increased means of defence from a foreign enemy.—But , there are one or two general topics more , on this subject , to which I must briefly advert , before I sit down . We have been told , that if this be considered as a measure of justice , we do not follow up our own principles ; for , if slavery be in itself unjust , we ought to abolish it altogether . I think it sufficient to say , that the result of this measure will , I trust , lead to the abolition of slavery , encouraged and assisted by such regulations as the wisdom of parliament may afterwards think fit to adopt . I trust , that by this measure slavery will gradually wear out without the immediate intervention of any positive law , in like manner as took place in the states Of Greece and Rome , and some parts of modern Europe , where slaves have been permitted to work out and purchase their own freedom , and that such regulations may be adopted as have been in some of the Spanish and Portuguese colonies . In all the states of America , with the exception of one , the slave trade has actually been abolished ; and not only so , but in some of the states , measures of gradual emancipation , by means of education , and the like , have been adopted ; and , I be- 955 lieve , that in some private estates , particularly that of general Washington , the slaves have been actually emancipated : and I would ask , whether any instance can be pointed out of insurrections and revolutions , in consequence of such measures ? or rather , whether they have not , in such states , been peaceable and orderly ? But , on the contrary , nothing is so apt to excite revolt , as where the negroes in our islands witness the superior advantages which their brethren possess in America . But the abolition of slavery must be gradually and not suddenly effected , and this , both on the principles of justice to the planters , as also to the slaves themselves . For , in the present