a disposition to serve . How many of them have I seen , each bring a wife and six children ! The old adage says , that it requires 9 tailors to make a man : but 19 of the fellows I have alluded to , would not make a soldier . They were really for the most part such as Falstaff would be ashamed to march through Co–ventry . You would in fact imagine that they were raised by a general gaol delivery of the nation , and a discharge of all the parish workhouses . It was , in short , taking a heavy load off the parishes , and trans–ferring it to the army . The force which is entitled to our confidence , must have the habit , the shape , the character , the soul of an army . I lay it down as a proposition , incontrovertible as any theorem in Euclid , that whatever weapon the enemy as- 543 sails you with , he must be met by one of equal efficiency . If the enemy were to invade you with the trained bands of Paris , I should be content to meet him with the trained bands of London . But as he will come , if he can , with a regular disciplined army , inflated on the one hand by recent victories on the continent , and impelled on the other by the prospective plunder of this country , he must be met by a regular disciplined army , prepared to conquer or to die . But by this allusion , although it na–turally induces a reference to the volunteers , I would by no means be understood to speak lightly of that meritorious body . I admired , as much as any man , that brilliant effusion of national spirit and valour , which burst forth so nobly in the hour of danger ; and , I have no doubt , that the manifestation of that spirit made a very powerful impression on the enemy . It is not , however , inconsistent with the respect and regard which I always entertained for those gallant men , to express my disapprobation of the system under which they were originally organized and trained . A great deal of unnecessary instruction and inappropriate discipline was , at the outset , attempted to be communicated to them . It did happen to me in America to meet with a circumstance from which I derived much useful information on this head . About 150 recruits were sent out to the regiment of which I was adjutant ; I immediately proceeded to have them taught , secundém artem , eyes to the right , toes out , & c. But I was interrupted in my course by the ma–jor , who was a very sensible , intelligent man , and who told me , that `` I began at the wrong end . '' I accordingly changed my course , and taught my men to manage the firelock . This was the major 's advice , who thought it most necessary , particularly when time pressed , that the men should learn to fire at the enemy , and this proved to be wise , for in three weeks after they arrived , these recruits had to meet the enemy . Now the volunteers ought to have been so instructed , for the invasion by the enemy was almost daily expected at the very time that a kind of discipline was commenced , which they could not learn for months , and which was unnecessary even if they could . They would be ex–tremely useful as auxiliaries to our army , if the enemy landed , particularly from the nature of the country , and their local knowledge , were they merely trained as light troops ; in which case , the physical powers of the individual , and his patriotic 544 spirit , would have fair play . Besides , it is the species of force , in which we are the most deficient and which is peculiarly ap–plicable to an inclosed country