, and that it should pause before it would rashly go to establish a precedent . The hon . gent . who spoke last had said , that it was hard to expect that the process of an application for a quo warranto could have been made within the first day of term ; but the hon . gent . should recollect , that though term did not commence till the 6th , it did not end till the 28th , and that it was rather suspicious that in all that time no step had been taken by the petitioner to make such application . As to the argument , that delay was not alleged to be an inconvenience to the sitting member , he did not think it conclusive , nor should he think it fair to be compelled to prove his title to his estate , merely because that proof was entirely practicable . He should therefore vote against the motion thought , that however it might be a question whether such delay was inconvenient to the sitting member , he was sure that it was inconvenient to that house and to the public did not think that the house could reject the motion , consistently with justice—it had come within his knowledge that of three of the persons objected to , one only was opposed at the time of tendering his vote , and that a mouth had elapsed since the election before the petitioner was apprized of the illegality of the other two votes . He hoped that this strong circumstance would have its due weight with the house thought , under such circumstances , that the party must apply to the court of king 's bench , and therefore it must be supposed , that the house would give them time to do this . The attorney-general had said , that this could not be done in so short a time as that sought for by the petitioner ; it therefore necessarily followed , that the decision of the question must extend beyond the time limited ; and as it was very possible , that persons presenting such petitions might not quite understand the law as well as other gentlemen , it appeared to him that time should be granted to the petitioner was of opinion , 421 that if parties were allowed to postpone questions of this nature , because they had only just discovered an objection to three voters , they might come in a month more , and apply for further time , upon a discovery of objections to three more electors , so that there would be no end to it . They might go in the first instance before the committee ; and if an application to the court of king 's bench was then found necessary , they would be in no worse situation than before . He entirely concurred with the attorney-general , and thought that the house would not be justified in postponing the hearing to a more distant day than that already fixed upon thought , that the petitioner had deprived himself of the benefit of such an application by his own act . In his anxiety to present his petition , it was lodged three or four days earlier than was necessary , and consequently , an early day was appointed for taking it into consideration . Upon these and other grounds already stated , he therefore thought the petitioner was not entitled to the indulgence of the house.—The question being loudly called for , a division took place ; when there appeared for the motion , 35 ; against it , 54 ; majority against the motion , 19 The order of the day for postponing the consideration of the Dublin Election petition , being read , was of opinion , that upon such a subject as this , very sufficient reasons should be given , before the house would consent to any delay , which might tend to interfere with other more important public business answered , that since the day fixed for the consideration of the petition in question , another petition