gent. , he should be sorry to preclude the sheriff of the county of Galway from pleading the sanction of any precedent or usage that prevailed in Ireland upon this subject . But yet he was rather disinclined to think that any such precedent or usage could vindicate the return complained of , because the difficulties which were stated to have led to the return , could have been easily guarded against by a proper exercise of the discretion vested in the sheriff by law.—The motion was agreed to , and lord Howick stated , that he would fix upon to-morrow fortnight for the farther consideration of this case , as , within that time , all the proceedings would most probably be at an end , and the sheriff of Galway would be conveniently enabled to attend the house . On the motion of lord Howick , it was ordered that the house should , at its rising , adjourn to Monday the 29th instant.—On the motion of Mr. Hobhouse , the Election Trial bill was read a third time , and passed.—On the motion of Mr. Free-mantle , the order for the consideration of the Saltash Election petition , was postponed from Tuesday 13th to Tuesday 27th Jan. on the ground that the evidence would not be in readiness till that day.—Admiral Markham moved , that the Navy Estimates for 1807 , be laid before the house.—The secretary at war and Mr. Calcraft made similar motions with respect to the Army and Ordnance Estimates ; and Mr. Vansittart moved , that an humble address be presented to his majesty , requesting him to direct the said Estimates to be laid before the house . Ordered . On the motion of lord Howick , the order for the attendance of the deputy clerk of the crown , with the return for the county of Galway , was read . The deputy clerk was in attendance , and the return was read . It stated that the sheriff , in obedience to his majesty 's , writ , had proceeded in due time to the poll , and proceeded with all due diligence , it being kept open seven hours in each day : but that on the 15th of December , the day before which the return should have been made ; the suffrages of a great number of freeholders remained still un- 228 collected . The clerk of the crown notified at the same time , that a second return had been received this day , dated 17th of December . The substance of this return was , that , the suffrages of all the freeholders of the county of Galway being collected , Mr. D. B. Daly , and Mr. Martin , were duly elected . It was ordered that these returns should be entered on the books . said , it was his intention to have followed up the substantiation of the default of the sheriff in not having made the return by the day when it was required , with a motion that he should be ordered to attend at the bar to abide the judgement of the house . But in consideration of the precedent stated by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Corry ) last night , and from there being no room to suppose that the sheriff had been wilfully negligent of his duty , he should wave that proceeding , and rest satisfied with the real return . was happy that his recollection had tended to save the house and the sheriff the pain of misplaced severity . But he hoped the Irish gentlemen would , in the course of the present session , consider the propriety of amending the Irish election laws in this and many other particulars . Mr. Biddulph rose , pursuant to , notice , to make his promised motion , relative to the Salary of the Chairman of the Ways and Means . This salary , in his opinion , might be saved to the public . As he considered it as of extreme moment that the motion which he was now to make