French government unwilling to act according to the principles upon which alone he was authorized to proceed ; therefore no charge of procrastination was attributable to him , for his delay at Paris would have been very short indeed , were it possible for him to have obtained passports as soon as he applied for them . Any time that he remained at Paris , in consequence of apparently pacific changes in the conduct and tone of the French minister , and particularly in consequence of the change produced by the intelligence of the non-ratification of the Russian treaty , was dictated by an anxious desire to avail himself of any favourable opportunity that promised to secure the great object his mission had in view , and in that to secure the honour and interests of his country . With regard to the letter alluded to by the learned lord opposite , he could say , that during his stay in Paris he experienced no want of civility whatever ; nor did he know of any thing different , until he saw , in this country , the posthumous letter addressed to him in the Moniteur.—The address was then read from the Woolsack , and agreed to , nem.diss.—Adjourned at 11 o'clock . Mr. Vansittart brought up the Malt-Duty bill , and the Pensions Duty 301 bill , which were read a first time ; he then moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee of supply , and that the account of Exchequer bills , presented yesterday to the house , should be referred to the said committee . The Speaker having left the chair , Mr. Vansittart moved , that 10,500,000l . be granted to his majesty , for paying off 10,500,000l . raised for the year 1805 , by loans on Exchequer bills outstanding and unprovided for.—The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Adam moved to discharge the order for taking the Linlithgow Election into consideration , and app-oint it for the 10th of March.—The following Election petitions were presented and ordered to be taken into consideration : Nottingham , appointed for January 22 ; Shaftesbury , for March 3 ; Culross , for March 24 ; Guildford , for March 5 ; Lancaster , for March 10 ; Taunton , for March 10 ; Melbourne-port , ( 2 petitions ) for March 10 ; Honiton , ( 3 petitions ) for March 12 ; Christchurch , ( 2 petitions ) for March 12 ; East Loo , for March 17 ; Newry , for March 17 ; Edinburgh ( City ) for March 26 ; Dublin , Shrewsbury , Glasgow , Malmsbury , the same day as the former petitions . The Speaker acquainted the house , that he having been returned to serve in parliament for the University of Oxford , and also for the borough of Heytesbury , it was necessary that he should make his election , for which of those Places he would serve ; and , therefore , he informed the house that he had made his election to serve for the university of Oxford.—He also acquainted the house , that he had received a letter from John Lowther , esq . who had been returned for the county of Cumberland , and also for the borough of Cockermouth ; stating , that he had made his election to serve for the county of Cumberland.—He also informed the house , that he had received a letter from Sir C. Hawkins , bart . who had been returned for the boroughs of Grampound , Michael , and Penrhyn , against which latter return a petition had been presented , and then lay on the table ; stating that he bad made his election to serve for the borough of Grampound.—He also informed the house , that he had received a letter from the right hon . Maurice Fitzgerald , who had 302 been returned for the county of Kerry , and also for the borough of Tralee , stating that he made his election to serve for the county of Kerry.—Mr .