a reflection upon the conduct or character of the distinguished statesman alluded to , but repeated his assertion , that in the correspondence which took place from March to June , there was not one word about the uti possidetis ; and took occasion to observe , that the instructions to lord Yarmouth were , not that he should insist upon the uti possidetis , but that he should not produce his powers unless it were agreed to leave Sicily in possession of the king of Naples . expressed his happiness to find , that the address before the house was likely to meet with their lordships ' unanimous concurrence , but at the same time he could not help observing , that in the course of the discussion , a vast deal of extraneous matter had been introduced , and particularly by the learned lord who spoke last but one . It was not , however , his intention to follow that learned lord either in his irrelevant remarks , or in that part of his speech which had relevancy to the subject under consideration . He could not think of detaining the attention of the house as to the one , and the able and impressive manner in which the case had been opened by his noble friend on the bench near him ( lord Grenville ) rendered it quite unnecessary for him to offer many observations with regard to the other . He did not rise , therefore , so much with the intention of adding any thing in the shape of argument to what the house had heard from his noble friend , as in order to give his testimony to the learned lord opposite ( lord Eldon ) . But , before he pro- 298 ceeded to answer that learned lord 's call . he could not help expressing his surprise that it had been made at all . It certainly was rather singular that the learned lord should apply to him for evidence after having doubted the evidence of lord Yarmouth—that he should deem his testimony of any account , after treating that of lord Yarmouth as perfectly nugatory . Passing this by , however , it did happen that he ( lord L. ) could give ample evidence to the facts questioned by the noble lord opposite . For , independently of lord Yarmouth 's having repeatedly stated these facts to him , he was enabled to confirm them from other sources , particularly from his own conferences with the minister of France . Without , however , any corroboration from his testimony , he would contend that the notes and verbal communications of lord Yarmouth were quite sufficient to sustain the assertions complained of in his majesty 's Declaration , and also to vindicate the conduct of the negociation from the noble lord 's charge of irregularity . The learned lord professed to have read the papers on the table , and no doubt he had done so with great attention , still he seemed to have overlooked , or but slightly considered the dispatch of the 13th of June from lord Yarmouth to Mr. Fox . There the noble lord repeated the words of M. Talleyrand , that that minister had been `` looking out for some means by which a secret and confidential communication might be made , explanatory of the sentiments and views of France , as well as the outlines of the terms on which peace might be restored . '' After this followed an account of the verbal communication of M. Talleyrand . Comparing this letter with that from M. Talleyrand , of the 21 of June , the propositions asserted by his noble friend in opening the case , appeared to him to be completely made out , and the objections of the noble lord to be most extraordinary indeed . But as to the conduct of Mr. Fox , it was to be recollected , that he wrote two letters on the 14th of June , the one in reply to such part of M. Talleyrand 's communication as was written ; and the other