of credit , and a clause to make good certain deficiencies . The bill then passed through a committee , in which these clauses were introduced and agreed to . Mr. Wellesley Pole adverting to a notice given by a noble lord yesterday ( lord Folkestone ) , of a motion on Monday se'nnight , for reprinting the papers relating to the Oude Charge , declared that when the notice was given he understood that the noble lord meant to comprehend the whole of the papers in his motion . He had since been told , that in answer to a question put by one of his majesty 's ministers , the noble lord had expressed his intention of calling for the re-printing of Nos . 3 , 4 , and 5 only . He therefore rose to give notice , that as 444 soon as the noble lord 's motion should be disposed of , he should move for the reprinting of the whole papers , including the printed evidence . He would not pretend to anticipate the judgment of the house on the noble lord 's motion , but justice to his noble relation , who was the ultimate object of it , demanded , that if the proposal for printing a part of these papers should be acceded to , the rest ought to be circulated in the same manner . Sir J. Newport brought up a bill , to amend the Act of the 42d of his present majesty , for regulating the trials of Controverted Elections , or returns of members to serve in parliament for Ireland ; which was read a first time.—The Secretary at War presented the Army Estimates for the present year , and a copy of the warrant for fixing certain allowances and pensions , in pursuance of the Act 46 Geo . III . These papers were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed . He then gave notice , that , on Friday se'nnight , he would move those estimates in the committee of Supply . Mr. Perceval wished to know whether the papers moved for on a former night , by a noble lord , not now present ( Castlereagh , ) with a view to the elucidation of the state of our Military Establishments would be ready before that day . The Secretary at War conceived the papers now presented , might in a great measure afford the information the noble lord wished for . General Gascoyne rose , and observed , that he thought it his duty to ask the noble lord opposite ( Howick ) a question , if the house would so far indulge him . It was of the last importance to the commerce and manufactures of the country in general , and in particular to that town which he represented , that some explanation should be given of the situation in which we stood with respect to America . It was necessary to give publicity to the question and the answer , otherwise he would have been satisfied with a private explanation . A letter had appeared in the public papers , with his lordship 's name to it , from which it appeared that a Treaty of Amity , Navigation , and Commerce , had been signed between this country and America , by commissioners respectively authorized by both governments . The noble lord had left it very 445 doubtful whether the late prohibitory decree had met with any alteration ? whether the congress had assembled , or whether the president had any power to alter the provisions of the decree ? The consequence was , that merchants were left entirely in the dark , whether or not they might with safety export those articles that had been prohibited . This was a state of suspence that ought if possible to be removed . He did not ask about the terms of the treaty ; he knew any such question would be premature . But if his lordship meant to say , that these goods might be exported without danger , explanation was required , for he