term a charge candid , merely because it was a gross one , but should rather feel it his duty to look for evidence in some degree proportionate to the character of the accusation ; but however candid or honourable it might be to bring such charges , he was sure that it was not either candid or honourable to circulate industriously through the country rumours calculated to hurry the unthinking into inconsiderate prejudices against those persons whom their accusers had so long delayed to charge before the proper and recognized tribunal . Did the hon . gent . think it very candid to present to that house a paper reflecting in the most serious manner upon a member of that house , without giving that member the slightst intimation of such a proceeding , though such a notice was warranted , or rather required by all the usages of parliament ? He should be anxious until the petition was decided upon , and hoped that if the charges therein contained were found , upon due examination , to be slight and frivolous , the house Would feel it due to their own dignity , and to the aspersed honour of one of its members , to make the persons who advanced them , feel the consequence of wanton accusation—The petition was then ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday se'nnight . rose for the purpose of putting a question to the right hon . the president 690 of the Board of Controul ( Mr. Tierney , ) respecting some transactions that had recently taken place at Vellore , in India . Some time had elapsed , since letters from Madras had brought accounts of the mutiny that had taken place at that town , and of the carnage that followed , in which above 1000 British and native lives had been lost . Rumour ascribed this disaster to some dangerous and unprecedented measures , which had been resorted to in that presidency , and deserved the most severe animadversion . He should not then enter into any detail of the melancholy transaction ; but when the importance of an investigation , both to the interests of British subjects in India , and to the stability of British power in that quarter was considered , he was sure it would be felt that he was entitled to the information he called for . He wished , therefore , to ask the right hon . gent . whether any authentic accounts of that transaction had been received by the Board of Controul , or by the Court of Directors ? There were vessels now going out ; and a new governor-general and commander in chief were on the point of setting out for India . He thought it , therefore , material to know , for the consolation of the friends of the British subjects now going out , and already settled in India , what information had been received , and whether any instructions as to the measures to be adopted respecting this affair had been sent out . He was of opinion , that it was necessary to shew , that if mismanagement or misconduct had been practised in India , the circumstances would , be investigated in England , and decided in a manner consistent with the interests of all parties . was not at all surprised at the anxiety felt by the hon . gent . For some time past rumours of the transaction had been in circulation , but unhappily he was unable to give any answer to the hon . gent . on this subject , as no authentic accounts had yet been received either by the Court of Directors or the Board of Controul . But he would assure the hon . gent . that , as soon as the accounts should arrive , they would be laid before the house , so far as they could consistently with a proper regard to the public interest . What steps would be taken , or what instructions sent out , it it was not possible to state before the official accounts should arrive .