political convulsion , when the good to be obtained would be at best problematical and uncertain . But supposing the ultimate good to be certain : could we , to obtain it , give our consent to a measure which , in its dreadful execution , would be more widely fatal than any edict which ever proceeded from the hand of any tyrant conqueror upon earth ; which would spread desolation , famine , and death throughout your land ; and consign to a premature grave , infirmity , age , infancy , and innocence . Sir , the immediate abrogation of these laws is absolutely out of the question . I will dwell no longer upon it.—But their gradual abolition has been suggested as practicable : and I recollect two plans only which have been laid before the public fur that purpose . The one bears the name of Mr. Arthur Young , and was also patronized , as I have been told , by an hon . baronet , formerly a member of this house , sir William Pulteney ; one whose opinion must always carry with it great weight . The other is suggested by Mr. Malthus himself . Mr. Young 's plan is to take the amount of the rate raised for the relief of the poor at a given time , and to enact that it should not on any account be increased . Ultimately , I suppose the intention to be ( or else it would not tend to an extinction of the rate , however it might confine it ) to draw the line more and more narrow , until at last the rate should be totally done away . I confess , sir , that I can by no means concur in the wisdom , or even the practicability of this scheme . But it has been so ably discussed by Mr. Malthus , in the appendix to the second volume of his work , that I will thank the house to attend to me whilst I read the passage ; and it is remarkable enough , that in a 871 note upon this passage , Mr. Malthus gives us a quotation from a work of Mr. Young 's wherein Mr. Young completely refutes himself . Mr. Malthus says , `` under such a law , if the distresses of the poor were to be aggravated tenfold , either by the increase of numbers or the recurrence of a scarcity , the same sum would be invariably appropriated to their relief . If the statute which gives the poor a right to support were to remain unexpunged , we should add to the cruelty of starving , them , the extreme injustice of still professing to relieve them . If this statute were expunged or altered , we should virtually deny the right of the poor to support , and only retain the absurdity of saying , that they had a right to a certain sum ; an absurdity which Mr. Young justly corrects with much severity in the case of France . '' [ Malthus , vol . ii . p . 529 . ] —Then , sir , comes a note , which contains an extract from Mr. Young 's travels in France , and it is as follows : — '' The national assembly of France , though they disapproved of the English poor-laws , still adopted their principle , and declared , that the poor had a right to pecuniary assistance ; that the assembly ought to consider such a provision as one of its first and most sacred duties ; and that with this view , an expence ought to be , incurred of 50 millions a year . Mr. Young justly observes , that he does not comprehend how it is possible to regard the expenditure of 50 millions a year as a sacred duty , and not extend that 50 to 100 , if necesity should demand it ; the 100 to 200 , the 200 to 300 , and so on in the same miserable progression which has taken place in England . ``