been officially commissioned to promote ; and in his letter , how had the general spoken of the honourable secretary ? Not as a freeholder—not as a private gentleman having certain weight and certain connections in the county ; but merely as secretary of the treasury—as an officer of the government communicating the will of the government , in order thereby to influence the decision of an entire department , comprehending in itself no small proportion of the interests and feelings of the county in queston . If the house rejected this petition , notwithstanding the strong grounds upon which it was supported , what would be the consequence ? What a proud precedent will ministers have to 781 boast of in this precious sample of their treasury correspondence ! Then may they fix a treasurer in every county , in every town , in every borough , then may each member circulate through his respective barrack department , the decree of the government against the subject 's birthright ; provided only that they keep within the cautious limits of their precious precedent ; provided only they do not pronounce actual menace ; provided only they do not convey , through the medium of an innocent freeholder 's letter , a bribe taken from the public money ; provided they keep within such limits they were safe ; the precedent of that night would bear them out , and they would again find a house of commons who would countenance them in the breach of that house 's privileges , and in the violation of the subject 's constitutional rights , provided only that in the act of such breach and violation , the forms of discreetness and decorum prescribed in the present precedent , be observed . The hon . and learned gent . concluded with an earnest advice to ministers to depart from that line of conduct which no talents could ultimately rescue from the indignant animadversion of the country ; friends might be for the time partial , but rectitude of intention , integrity of principle , and consistency of conduct , were the best , perhaps the only means of permanently securing that power , which he hoped they would endeavour to maintain by better means than those by which they had succeeded in acquiring it . remarked that the hon . and learned gent . with the most studious attention , and with the utmost exertion of his ingenuity , could not find any means of fairly censuring his majesty 's government . If , however , he had not been able to bring their conduct collectively as an administration before the house , and before the public , he nevertheless had found some opportunity of attacking them in the person of a gentleman connected with his majesty 's government , and in so doing , he had made one of the most declamatory speeches that had ever been heard within the walls of that house ; he had outdone all his former outdoings , he might be said to have out-Heroded Herod himself . He had repeated what had been upwards of twenty times before repeated in that house—a charge than which , from the generality of its nature , none was more easily made , nor more difficult to be refuted ; he had charged him and the persons with 782 whom he acted , with having deserted those principles which regulated their conduct when they sat on the other side of the house . In answer to this , he would beg to remind that hon . and learned gent. , that in the course of the many years to which he referred , there never had been a single instance of such an individual and private personal opposition brought before the house . And would that hon . and learned gent . be so bold as to say , that during the course of those 20 years there was no interference of persons connected with administration in election affairs ; or would the hon . and learned gent . contend that he ( lord H. ) and all the friends with