. `` —On this principle then , I beg the house to consider what would have been the advantage to this country , to have established military occupancy as the rule and measure of territorial possession ; to have set out with a basis which should ascribe to each party the actual dominion of every state , of which their arms might be at the moment in the actual keeping or controul ; subject to no other recovery than what might be effected by exchange and compensation . I say , to each party ; —because I can not suppose that his majesty 's ministers can have entertained the opinion that the uti possidetis , if admitted at all , was admitted by France as applicable to `` his majesty 's '' conquests or possessions only , and not equally to those of France : it is of the essence of a basis of negociation to be equal and reciprocal . And is it possible that ministers should not have seen what the effect of equality in this case would be ? or seeing that they should still have thought it a point to be contended for ? Is it possible that they should have been so dazzled with our `` military occupation '' of Sicily , as not to have seen the danger of admitting , and the difficulty of denying , a reciprocal claim on the part of France , to every coun- 393 try in which France might have a soldier ? Did they consider well to what extent such a claim would go ? And if , as the noble lord ( Howick ) has informed us , Mr. Fox rejected the suggestion of taking the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens for the basis of negociation , because he thought that they were vague and indefinite , and that more time therefore would be lost in defining and adjusting the basis than might be sufficient ( if well employed ) , for discussing and settling the main points of a negociation ; is it possible that the noble lord should not perceive that the adoption of the uti possidetis would have been liable to similar embarrassment ; —that he should not be aware of the perplexed and interminable discussions which must have arisen in the attempt to define the precise degree of possession , occupation , or controul , which should or should not entitle to the benefit of the uti possidetis ; to determine , for instance , whether the kingdom of Holland , whether the principalities of the Rhine , whether southern Germany , whether the fortresses of Austria herself , should , at the outset of a negociation , be acknowledged by us to be the lawful and confirmed possessions of France , except so far as they might be redeemed by such equivalents as we might be able and disposed to give in exchange for them ? —I am confident , ( and the very argument which the noble lord himself has advanced , renders me still more confident in the opinion , ) that such was Mr. Fox 's view of the subject ; —that his passing by the treaty of Amiens , when it was first suggested by M. Talleyrand , and proceeding to suggest instead of it , something which he called a basis , but which , in fact , amounted to nothing more than the statement of a principle which might be taken for granted to prevail in every negociation , `` The honour and glory of the two countries , '' was dictated by precisely the same motive which afterwards induced him , in his answer to M. Talleyrand 's letter of the 2d of June , to accept so eagerly M. Talleyrand 's proposed additional principle of `` continental and maritime guarantee , '' in preference to ( and one must fairly say , in exclusion of ) the other offer which is asserted to have been made at the same time through lord Yarmouth , of the uti possidetis . And the motive which in each case operated with Mr. Fox , appears