the house the nature of his ulterior proceedings , to object to the production of the 453 order ; and as therefore the learned gent . 's motion would probably lead to much discussion , he advised him to defer it with a special notice . although he should feel perfectly justified in making his motion for the production of the order in question , yet , after the declaration of the noble lord , and for the reasons he had before stated , he would decline doing so at present . The noble lord had described the ulterior proceeding which he meant to institute on this paper as unprecedented . This he would say , that the ground on which the noble lord objected to the production of the order was at least as unprecedented . without wishing for any premature disclosure of the learned gent . 's intentions , thought it might be convenient to the house to be informed of the nature of those intentions . wished it to be understood , that the postponement of his motion was for the express purpose of giving himself an opportunity of bringing forward his proposition in the best possible shape . It would embrace in it the consideration of the policy , expediency , and adequacy of this order of council , as applied to occasions of such retaliative injury to the enemy 's commerce , for the injury sustained by the commerce of this country ; and also of the more vigorous execution of that wise principle of right and discretion , which the order on the face of it intended to enforce . He would shew , that the principle on which the order proceeded was not that on which it professed to proceed . He meant to propose a parliamentary resolution on its inadequacy and insufficiency which might find its way to his majesty 's council , and which might produce an act of more vigour , and measures better calculated to benefit the country . With regard to the precise form of his motion , which he would now fix for Thursday se'nnight , he had not yet made up his mind . Mr. Johnstone said , he should not consider himself as faithfully discharging his duty to the country , if he voted the very large sums contained in the Estimates of Army Services for 1807 , without knowing the various items of which those sums were composed . He might be told , that there were very few instances in which the Army Estimates had been printed , for the purpose of allowing this particular investigation ; but at the present time , when so large a 454 part of the estimates was occupied by the extraordinaries of the army , this appeared to him to be peculiarly necessary . What had happened on the subject of the ordnance estimates , sufficiently proved the expediency of giving all possible publicity to these subjects before the house disbursed such large sums ; it was incumbent on them carefully and closely to examine the detail . He should therefore move , that the estimates of the army , presented by the secretary at war , on the 14th inst . be printed.—Mr . Biddulph seconded the motion . The Secretary at War hoped that the hon . gent . would content himself with the precedent of last year , which was to print the abstract of the estimates . It would be impossible that the whole of the estimates could be printed before the time fixed for their discussion . The abstract afforded a reference to the estimates , by which any gentleman might be enabled to satisfy himself on ambiguous points . Without any grounds , therefore , for such a proceeding , he trusted the house would not go to so much useless trouble and expence . But he had another and a more serious objection to the motion , which was , the danger of laying any thing on the table of the house by which the enemy might obtain information of the destination of our troops . If the estimates were