son . But when these reversions expired , he hoped that measures would be taken to regulate these offices also.—So much with regard to offices in England , where a good deal had been done , except in the law offices , which formed the subject of the 27th report of the commissioners of accounts . It was true that there were a great number of law offices which had been stated by them to be unnecessary , and which might be subject to ameliorations ; though they had stated , at the same time , that these being perquisites of the great law officers , the lord chancellor and the lord chief justice , they ought not to be deprived of the patronage and the means of providing for their families which they afforded , without a material increase of their salaries . It was true that the salaries of the judges had since that time been augmented , but he did not know whether the salaries of the lord chancellor and lord chief justice had been raised , so as to compensate for a loss of this sort , and yet it was obvious that the augmentation of their salaries ought to have been particularly attended to , in case of their being deprived of these places and this patronage . However , this was a case , which had certainly been less attended to than others , and therefore , with respect to this the hon . gent 's motion came recommended by all the authority that could he derived from this report . A great deal then had 710 been done with respect to England . But as to Ireland , he admitted that much as yet remained to be done . But it would be recollected that a committee had been appointed 3 years ago , on the motion of the right hon . gent . who then held the office of chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , the object of which was to inquire into the mode of collecting the revenue in Ireland ; and although he ( Lord H. Petty ) was then on the opposition side of the House , yet he took an opportunity of expressing his perfect approbation of that measure , and of promising all the support which he could give . That commission was now actually sitting in Dublin , and its reports were on the table of the house ; and the house must have seen with satisfaction that his right hon . friend ( sir John Newport ) had brought in a bill to abolish no less than 38 offices , in pursuance of the suggestions in these reports . Every one who suggestions his right hon . friend , or the noble lord at the head of the finance department of that country , or the noble duke who was at the head of the government there , would feel satisfied that all useful suggestions would be taken up by them , and immediately acted upon . Why , then , great progress had been made here also . The only point of difficulty was the practice of granting offices in reversion , which he highly disapproved of , especially in the case of offices where the fees were liable to increase with the increase of the expenditure , as this was in some measure entailing abuses . He knew it would be said that ministers were unfriendly to offices in reversion , and would wish to abolish them because they could not get them for themselves . To those who Were of this opinion he would say , that they might discover a more obvious method by which ministers might secure such advantages , if they were so disposed , and that was by making other offices reversionary . But he had the satisfaction to state , that since the present ministry had come into power no offices had been granted in reversion . They had abstained from this practice , having in contemplation the means by which reforms might be accomplished here also , and an end put to the iniquitous effects