the utmost seriousness and sincerity I feel myself compelled to declare , that so far from having received any satisfaction , I am , after the most diligent and impartial examination of the papers , more than ever convinced , that the assertion is not borne out by the evidence adduced in support of it . It is a question of evidence ; it is a plain issue of fact , upon which an ordinary jury might decide ; and I am confident that any jury would find the allegation not proved . The noble lord , indeed , goes a very short way to work upon this point , and travelling altogether out of the record before the house , and putting by all the written documents by which he originally engaged to convince us , betakes himself at once to the aid of the noble person whose intervention was employed on this occasion , and asks us if we will not believe lord Yarmouth 's word ? 'Is the assertion of my lord Yarmouth good for nothing ? '—For every thing : 383 and in a matter of private concern , I , for one , should desire no other evidence ; though even there , if there were contradictory testimony offered in opposition to it , I am afraid I must have recourse to other collateral evidence to turn the scale . But can any thing be more unfair or unreasonable than this direct personal reference to lord Yarmouth ? unfair to the noble person himself , upon whom , singly , is thus attempted to be thrown the whole weight of a question upon which the honour of this country is pledged , upon which we are at issue with the enemy in the face of the world ? Was such a question ever so decided ? Was a point in dispute between two governments ever before attempted to be rested on the single responsibility of any individual , however respectable ? Would any individual whatever undertake to convey a communication from government to government , at the risk of having such a load of responsibility cast upon him ? We have heard from the noble lord himself that he had no such apprehension ; that he was not by any means prepared for the use which is now made of his name ; that he took for granted all along , that he was not the single and sole testimony on which the question between the two governments rested ; that he imagined there was other concurrent evidence in the correspondence which was carried on , concurrently with his mission , between the two ministers for foreign affairs ; that M. Talleyrand distinctly told him , that he wrote to Mr. Fox to the same effect with the communication made to him ( lord Yarmouth ) ; that he fully believed the letter of which he was himself the bearer from Mr. Fox to M. Talleyrand , to be upon the same subject ; and that he is astonished to find himself at this time of day the only support with which ministers have provided themselves for a point upon which they lay so much stress . And well may the noble lord express his surprise , and his resentment at having such a burthen laid upon his shoulders . The noble lord himself feels—and can not therefore think it any personal disrespect to him , if there are those who feel with him—that he is not alone presentable to the world as a sufficient evidence upon such a question . We , to be sure , have the advantage in this house of the noble lord 's presence , as a member of it . But this house is not the only judge in this question . It is a question for Europe , for posterity to decide : and what is the noble lord 's private parole testimony 384 to them ? How can they know it ? how can they be expected to take cognizance of it ? Even in the other house of parliament they have not the advantage which we