, that it was contrary to the practice of parliament , to declare beforehand what might be the amount of compensation to be granted for possible losses by proposed political regulations . This was all he could say then on the subject , as he was not authorised to consent to the proposition of the hon . gent said , he never came to the discussion of any subject with more embarrassment , than on the present occasion . The question had been so often agitated , that every hon . member could not but be acquainted with all its details . Yet the measure was of such importance in itself , and he felt so much more deeply interested in it , than in any other measure that had been brought forward since he had a share in the administration of public affairs , that he could not reconcile it to himself to bring the measure forward in that new parliament , without stating those facts , and that evidence upon which alone this question ought to rest . And in this he felt the difficulty of selection , lest he should tire the house by being too prolix , or omit any material part . There was at this moment no disposition to question the principle of this measure . It was universally admitted by the merchants , the planters and all descriptions of persons , that the slave trade , so far as regards Africa , 947 was unjust and impolitic , founded in robbery , kidnapping and murder , and affording an incentive to the worst passions and crimes . He was relieved , therefore , from proving that part of the case . He was also relieved from the necessity of demonstrating the evils of the middle passage . No man , after the discussions that had taken place , could be prepared to contend for the luxuries of the middle passage . He left the hon . general to the enjoyment of his feelings , who had considered the slave trade so great a blessing , that if it were not in existence at present , he should propose to establish it . This traffic was said to be supported by the sanction of Scripture ; but to that observation he should reply in one sentence , that it was contrary to the fundamental principles of Christianity , irreconcileable with that summary of Christian duty , `` to do unto others , as you would they should do unto you . '' The principle was now given up , and the ground of justification narrowed to a question of policy and justice . It was said not to be politic to abolish a trade that afforded such ample revenues for our commercial prosperity , and it was represented as unjust to the merchants , shipowners , and planters , whose properties were to be affected by the measure . He admitted that they were bound not to act unjustly to our own merchants , and shipowners , but in doing justice to them they should take care that they did not commit injustice against the inhabitants of Africa . No ultimate good was to be procured by means of immediate evil . But in place of doing injury to the West-India property by this measure of abolition , which was now about to be accomplished , he should shew that the West Indies would be benefited and improved by it . The persons interested in this measure were either the merchants engaged in the trade , the shipowners , or the planters ; and if he should shew that none of their interests would be injured by the measure , he was confident all opposition to it must cease . The noble lord here entered into a comparative statement of the amount of the tonnage engaged in the trade to Africa , and in the general export trade of this country , not including the export from Ireland , or the coasting trade , the result of which was that in the year 1805 , the African tonnage was not quite 1–52d part of