cold and passive assent . I should not , sir , trust the cause of these valiant men to so feeble an advocate as myself , did I not know that they will find a ready and warm advocate in the breast of every man I have the honour to address . The thanks of parliament were never better deserved , nor would they be any where more highly prized ; and I feel that the motion is not more justly applied , than it is happily timed ; for as the crisis is fast approaching , when the country will expect that every man shall do his duty , what a noble incitement will it be for men , not barely , but enthusiastically , to do their duty , when so well assured of being rewarded by the gratitude of their country . It is in upholding and encouraging the high sense of honour so conspicuous in the fleets and armies of Great Britain , that the country will find its best security , and it is because the measures of the right hon . mover are built upon this foundation , that they not only meet my approbation , but , as a soldier , demand my grateful acknowledgement . I know , sir , so well the feelings of these gallant men , that whatever privations they may have endured , whatever labours sustained , or whatever dangers encountered , 223 they will find themselves amply repaid by the most glorious of all rewards , the approbation of a beloved sovereign , and the thanks and plaudits of a brave and free people . The exclamation of every man will be , `` When I cease to be actuated by such motives , I trust I shall cease to exist . '' I rely upon the good feeling of the house to pardon this effusion so naturally drawn forth , and which , if I were willing , I am unable to suppress . observed , that it was not his intention to add any thing to the very glowing and eloquent panegyric which the right hon . gentleman had pronounced ; but there were one or two observations which so naturally arose out of the speech of the right hon . gent. , that he could not refrain from stating them to the house , being deeply convinced that they were of great importance . He had ever regarded the right hon . gent . as one of the persons most sensible to whatever concerned the honour of the army , and the speech he had just then delivered had confirmed him in the opinion . At the same time , he had been led to believe , that the right hon . gent . was convinced , like every other gent . who had reflected much on the subject , that the best means were not found in our present military system , to excite in the army a spirit of enthusiasm , which , whenever it prevailed , was the sure omen of victory . Neither was the military profession followed by public approbation ; nor was a soldier honoured and esteemed in this commercial island , in the degree due to him who devoted his life to the protection of his country . This evil was the necessary consequence of the peculiar favour with which we cherished our navy , and of the constitutional jealousy with which our military establishments were regarded . If our armies had still proved superior to those of all other nations with whom they had to contend , it resulted from the natural courage and energy of the British character . Yet every reflecting man must feel , that at the present crisis , it was desirable to practise those means used by all other powers to foster and encourage military virtues and military talents . He had therefore witnessed with much satisfaction the appointment of the right hon . gent . to the head of the war department . And when the splendid victory of Maida had been obtained , it had afforded him no less