opposition had , after 9 weeks consideration , at last framed this petition , and got some of their 769 tenants and dependants to sign it . He knew none of these voters except the members of parliament . However , said the right hon . gent . you view this measure , or in whatever way the house may please to consider it , it will be found a mere party thing , manufactured for party purposes , and which certainly reflects no credit on the manufacturer . But , sir , the hon . gentlemen are young in opposition , and as all trades must have a beginning , we may fairly infer , that that great reformer , the right hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Rose ) , may , in the course of some few years , arrive at considerable eminence on the opposite bench— ( a laugh ) Again , I do insist that no case has been made out to warrant a proceeding , never instituted but against an actual infringement of the privileges of this house , or a violation of the liberties of the people . For the extravagant length to which party views may drive hon . gentlemen , I can make some allowance ; but there are limits to party feelings , which should not be overleaped ; and , indeed , I must declare my conviction , that a question of this kind and description , coming from such a quarter , can provoke no other sensation than that of disgust ( Hear ! hear ! ) That a Secretary of the Treasury , for the last 16 years , under all the well known and admitted circumstances of those 16 years , should accuse a present Secretary of unjust interference in the rights of election , and of an unconstitutional system of menace , in promoting that influence , is one of those extreme examples of human audacity , which the history of an irritated faction can only display . in explanation said , he had stated only the written evidence . There was much other evidence ready to be produced before the committee , not only with respect to the interference of the treasury , but also of other departments of government , and particularly involving the conduct of the comptroller of the navy . hoped that the right hon . gent . who spoke last on the other side , would permit him to qualify his observation , that nothing was so extraordinary as a motion of this kind proceeding from the quarter in which it originated , by telling him , that it was equally extraordinary that such a motion should meet with such a reception in the quarter in which it was opposed . In the earlier part of his parliamentary life , he remembered motions of parliamentary reform , strongly urged by the right hon . 770 gent . and those about him . It was fortunate for the country that those gentlemen were now placed in a situation in which their influence upon the councils of the sovereign , and the share they had in directing the measures of parliament , gave them an opportunity of carrying into effect their ideas upon this subject . The public would now know what were the hon . gent . 's improved and correct ideas with respect to the object for which they clamoured so loudly before . The whole of the parliamentary reform they meant to carry into effect was , the unlimited and barefaced interposition of that government influence , the exertion of which , they , without foundation , imputed to other governments as the worst of crimes . It was argued by the hon . gent . that because he and his friends had thought proper on former occasions to prefer groundless complaints of this nature , they might now in reality retort the evil , tenfold , and this was the way the hon . gent . and his friends redeemed their pledges of parliamentary reform . The hon . gent . told the house