. I believe , what he says , that we lost nothing by it ; but if that be so , France gained nothing by it . Why , sir , if no correspondence had 371 ever been entered into , would not every accession of power to France have been made , as it now has been made ? would not the Rhenish Confederation have taken place ? could we by any means within our power have delayed , much less have prevented it ? —Till good grounds , then , can be shewn to me , to believe that France was insincere , I must trust to her sincerity in this case : and I think the papers before you justify me in so doing . Some topics , sir , have been urged by my noble friend , which I confess , I had rather he had not used , because I am loath to hear , and more especially from him , any thing like the sentiments which have always called for my decided reprobation in this house . Sir , the mere character of any person in power distinct from his conduct , can never be made a motive of action , and the reproach of ambition , injustice and rapacity , is , alas ! but too applicable to more than one country , to make it any thing like a substantial reason of itself for a continuation of hostility with any . Is it upon the theatre on which they are now contending , —is it in Poland , that Russia and Prussia can with any face reproach France with injustice , rapacity , violence , and cruelty ? When England looks at her Eastern empire , does she feel herself sufficiently innocent to throw the first stone ? These charges may serve mutually to exasperate and inflame ; they may tend to revive that acrimonious feeling , which M Talleyrand in his first interview with lord Yarmouth , told him had so happily subsided . This rooted and rancorous hatred and animosity , which may be created even in one country towards another , can never afford just ground for war ; but it may prevent , and I fear , within the last few melancholy years , has materially contributed to prevent , the restoration of the blessings of peace.—Such , sir , are my sentiments ; and I could not help delivering them to the house , and to the world , however painful the execution of the task has been : and with those sentiments , it is quite impossible for me to vote for the Address which has been proposed by my noble friend . Sir , we are told in the declaration of his majesty , that he looks with confidence to the issue of the contest , the continuance of which he laments . The address holds out no hope of peace , it includes not even the word ; and the speech of my noble friend gives me no consolation on that head . Good God ! if peace be not the issue of the con- 372 test , whither are we hurrying ? Contemplate , sir , if you can with composure , these two mighty empires exerting their utmost efforts , each for the destruction of the other ; and think upon it , if you can without horror , that before the contest be ended , one or the other must be destroyed . Sir , this is a catastrophe I can not bring my mind to anticipate , without sensations of the deepest anguish : it is a prospect which I do not think , with the blessing of God , it is necessary , even in the present disastrous state of the world , to look forward to . If it be , how trifling are the woes and calamities already suffered by mankind to those which are yet to come ! ! Sir , I for one will cherish the hope that even in the days of some now living , peace may be achieved , and I will