from France . From these points we never receded . How far we might have receded as to particular terms , it would not be proper for me in this place to discuss ; but if the value of cessions must be calculated by the probability of the advantages and the duration of that peace for which they are given up , there was nothing in the aspect of affairs to lead us to make valuable Sacrifices to purchase peace.—But , it now remains for me to shew , that there never was any opportunity of procuring such terms as would have been adequate to the just pretensions , and consistent with the honour and interests of the country . There are two periods in the negociation to which we must now advert . There never was any question of particular terms before lord Yarmouth went to Paris , with the exception of Hanover and Sicily , which on account of the particular circumstances of each were specifically mentioned . After M. d'Oubril had arrived at Paris , and the French government had hopes of a separate treaty , lord Yarmouth still writes that Hanover , the Cape , Malta , and India remained pure and untouched . The fact , however , turned out that Malta was to be ceded under conditions ; even a limitation of the garrison being proposed . From Hanover , the district of Hoya , containing 10,000 people , was to be taken off , and the Cape was to be made a free port . India , too , a very important object , was likewise reserved , and all the Dutch colonies were to be given up with Tobago , & c. in the West Indies . Independently of th want of faith exhibited by the French government , and the little security we could have for the observance of treaties , were these conditions such as we ought to have accepted , considering what France had ac- 319 quired on the continent , and the little probability of her wresting from us our conquests ? But were they such as we could accept when Russia must have been left alone , and the king of Naples abandoned ? Besides too , it should be known that in M. d'Oubril 's treaty it was not the king of Sardinia that was to be indemnified , but his son was to get the Balearic islands ; while it was insultingly stipulated that the French government should not object to a provision being made for king Ferdinand by this country ! Need I add a word to shew that we could not in such circumstances have acceded to these conditions without at once sacrificing the national honour and betraying the national interests ? Such , however , were the conditions on which the French government insisted till the end of August , when the refusal to ratify M. D'Oubril 's treaty produced a suspicious change . A different tone was now assumed ; and not only Hanover , Malta , and the Cape , without limitation or condition , were offered ; but also the settlements in India , and Tobago in the West Indies . These doubtless , though better terms than the preceding , were offered as the price of our abandoning every thing by which we could have held them with security in peace . Russia was to be given up , and Naples sacrificed . Besides , they were not offered till Bonaparte had left Paris , to command the army : but had they been much more advantageous , never could this country have consented to purchase them at the price of disgrace and infamy.—Then as to the connection between Great Britain and Russia ; my opinion of that is this , that if there is any hope that the continent of Europe can yet be saved from the grasp of France , it rests upon Russia and upon that connexion . In the present circumstances , and under the present aspect of affairs , it is impossible for me to answer for events . But there is certainly