Catholic priesthood from being exposed to the mischiefs of a foreign education . It was to him rather extraordinary to lay so much stress upon the place of education , when the true and strong principle of danger and hostility , existed in the principles of that religion , in which , whether at home or abroad , they were uniformly educated . He wished to have an enquiry instituted into the nature of their bye-laws altogether ; there seemed to him a great mystery about this institution . There was nothing like a visitorial inspection , no enquiry as to the mode of doctrine and discipline instilled and exercised on a number of youth , educated , if not in aversion , at least in hostility to the principles of the Protestant establishment . He felt it his duty to impress on the house , that , during the first years of this Catholic institution , the various grants given by parliament were founded on petitions . In the present case , he could not say whether a petition was ever presented ; but of this he was aware , that no committee was ever appointed to enquire into the nature and extent of those plans , upon which this application was grounded . It was by accident that he had taken notice of this grant on a former occasion ; the danger of admitting the growing principle , and of this house giving encouragement to such permanent expences and increasing demands , had made a considerable im- 1082 pression upon his mind ; an impression which should induce him to move , `` That the sum of 8,000l . be substituted for the sum of 13,000l . at present inserted in the resolution of the committee . '' I feel myself able to convince the house , and I hope the hon . and learned gent . on the points of difference between us , by adverting to the acts of the Irish parliament which particularly referred to the catholic seminary at Maynooth . If , indeed , the learned gent . had adverted to them , his surprise that the demand for that institution had increased from the average grant of 8,000l . would have been considerably lessened ; for he would have found , that the sums voted by the Irish parliament , varied almost every year from 8 to 9 and 10,000l . In fact , it would have been found , that , though the sum of 8,000l . was the averaged annual grant , yet the Irish parliament expressly recognized the principle of varying the amount of the grant , according to times and circumstances . With respect to the objection of the hon . and learned gent . that the existence , much more the enlargement of the Maynooth seminary , was prejudicial to the interests of the university of Dublin ; this is an objection , which I by no means admit ; but before I enter on an investigation of that objection , I beg leave to appeal to that liberal and manly spirit , which marked the conduct of the Catholics , when , in the petition alluded to by the hon . and learned gent. , they strongly deprecated the intention of excluding their Protestant countrymen from the right of being educated at the college of Maynooth . But what was the true state of the question , and how did the facts fully exemplify that it operated in no such way ? that the increase of Catholics at the university of Dublin had been progressive , and at this moment there was double the number than at any former period . But it was not in the university of Dublin that the number of catholic students had increased ; many of the higher orders of that body are to be found at the universities in England—at Edinburgh and Glasgow . But the hon . and learned gent . has said , it would have been a wiser policy to have enlarged the university of Dublin , and directed the public money expended on the Maynooth seminary ,