the private note . For he denied having ever asked the right hon . gent . 's consent to his motion . He merely sent him a line , as he thought himself bound in courtesy to do , apprising the right hon . gent . of his intended motion . But he would deem it very improper indeed to apply for the leave or concurrence of the right hon . gent . As to the observations made by him upon the subject of the circuit , he did not recollect , nay , he was certain , that he did not utter , one word that could warrant the conclusion drawn by the right hon . gent . He merely said that the propriety of farther postponing the ballot in consequence of the approach of the circuit might become matter for subsequent consideration . But he made no pledge , nor did he think the right hon . gent . either then or since believed him to have made any pledge upon this subject . The noble lord , after re-stating the manner in which he was led into the mistake of presenting this petition sooner than the petitioners wished , and commenting upon what he called the 'right hon . gent . 's perversion of the fact , ' declared that he did not know until the preceding day , who were the counsel employed on either side , and concluded with expressing a hope that the house would not countenance a motion Supported upon such light grounds , and brought forward only four days before the day fixed for the ballot . thought the house should be always jealous of motions of this nature , and decide upon them with the utmost impartiality . With regard to what had passed on this subject on a former occasion , he could not hesitate to say that the impression upon his mind , from what the noble lord had said , was precisely the same as that stated by his right hon . friend . He would enter into no contest with the noble lord as to accuracy of memory , or as to the precise words he used : but most certainly he understood the express condition of his 936 right hon . friend 's assent to the motion was this , that if the circuit should interfere with the day then named , the noble lord would concur in a farther postponement . It was under these circumstances , for the house to consider , whether his right hon . friend had made out such a case as entitled him to the indulgence for which he applied . in explanation , again denied that he made any pledge . The Attorney-General declared , that having heard the noble lord , the last time this subject was under consideration , the impression upon his mind , from what the noble lord said , was precisely the same as that which his noble friend who spoke last entertained . Without at all implicating the noble lord , whom he conceived as much above joining in such a thing as any man in that house , he could not help observing that the circumstance of naming the 24th of Feb. , a day which it was known would be so near the circuit , had very much the appearance of a statagem on the part of the petitioners . For they were not unaware that the two able counsel , Mr. Serjeant Lens and Mr. Scarlet , who were retained for his right hon . friend , would be on the circuit , while their eminent advocate , Mr. Plumer , would be in town . could not speak with confidence as to the words used in the conversation which took place when this subject was last before the house , for his attention to it was not so diligent as to justify any reliance on his memory . But , from the general impression on his mind , he could not say that he understood the noble lord had made any such pledge as that referred to . Nor