lord would withdraw it . thought that the two last gentlemen who had addressed the house had mistaken the question , which was merely , whether the proceedings of 1796 should be read . He hoped it would not be assumed by the hon . gent . opposite , that his arguments had been assented to , because they had not been answered . The hon . gent . seemed averse to going into a committee , and had stated that there was no precedent that applied to the present case . He could assure him that he was so con–vinced there was not a precedent , that he intended to have made a similar motion to that which the noble lord had suggested ; and the noble lord would allow him to state , that there being no precedent was a strong argument to bring forward in an–swer to a proposition for expelling a member , and therefore he should support the no–ble lord 's proposition . There was an ex–pression used by the same hon . gent. , and also by the noble lord , with reference to the disagreeable feelings the discussion might excite . They had observed , that if such disagreeable feelings were experienced , the person must thank himself . He admitted , that upon a question of this kind , personal feelings must be left entirely out of the case ; but he thought it extremely unfair to prejudice the house , by stating that a member had put himself in a situation in which disagreeable feelings were likely to be excited . Perhaps , it might turn out that the person alluded to had as much right to sit in this house as any other member . In such case , it would be peculiarly unjust to reproach him with having placed him–self in a situation in which he was liable to have his feelings wounded . It was his wish , and he hoped it was the wish of every one , to have this question decided as spee–dily as possible . 521 The Attorney-General said , that his only motive for assenting to the motion which the hon . general had made , was that of which notice had been given by the noble lord . If the noble lord had not announced his intention of moving the house that search should be made in the Journals for that information which the Journals affor–ded , he was quite free to declare that he should have given the motion of the hon . general his immediate negative , undismay–ed by any of those menaces he had often heard uttered in that house . He should have thought it his duty to the public , his duty to the law of the land , his duty to the constitution of the country , his duty to the rights of electors of the country , who formed the constituting body of the house of commons , to have given his immediate and decided negative to the mo–tion . He should have done so , because he was at a loss to conceive that the minutes proposed to be read before the house , could be made the ground of any proceed–ings by a parliament recently elected , and because he thought that the house would have been justified in putting a negative on a proposition for the adoption of any proceedings upon such a ground . He should have done so , because he should have thought it his duty to have guarded against trusting himself with any power that was not subject to law , and to those rules , in the exercise of which he had some system to act upon . He should have rejected those rules of proceeding , by which he was called upon to consult the feelings he might more or less kindly en–tertain towards a particular individual . He should not have been less disposed to have done so when it was proposed that he was to act upon the sentence of such a court as had been described ; not that he had any thing