and it would be his desire to place them upon the same footing in every respect . This , however , was impossible , because the fertility of the soil was such in many parts of the West Indies , that by the labour of a day and a half per week , one negro could procure support for a whole family , and in that case would not be disposed to work ; so that it was necessary to keep them employed by moderate disicipline . of Kerry , in pursuance of the instructions of his constituents , was bound to vote for the abolition and after all he had read and heard upon the subject , he could not conceive any good ground for the continuance of the trade . was far from expecting that , after the solemn decision which had already taken place on-the bill , it would again have undergone such a protracted discussion . At so late an hour he would not enter into any-reply to predictions of ruin , & c . to the country , if this measure was adopted . Another occasion would offer for that purpose , when he trusted be should be able to prove , that , so far from being in any . degree , detrimental to the interests of the country , it must powerfully conduce to its prosperity and glory . At so late an hour , he should not attempt to go into the nature of the clauses which it was his intention to move in the committee ; but if the house was inclined to save much of their time and attention , they would agree to what he should now propose , namely , to pass the bill through the committee , pro formâ , fill up the blanks , have the bill printed , and in the hands of the members , previously to its being , recommitted , and then get through it with a more perfect and satisfactory knowledge of all its bearings and tendencies ; he hoped however that another long debate upon the principle of the bill was not to be enterer into.—On the motion that the speaker do now leave the chair , said , that he had no wish on his part to renew the debate , but that if any other gentleman thought proper to do so , he should not think himself precluded from answering many of the objections that had that night been urged against the opposers of the bill.—The question was now universally called for , and carried without a division . The house then went into a committee upon the bill pro formâ , and the blanks being filled up and the house resumed , it was ordered to be recommitted on Wednesday . presented a message from his majesty respecting the treaty with Prussia , and an advance subsidy . ( see House of Commons ) . On the motion of lord Granville , his majesty 's message was ordered to be taken into consideration to-morrow , and the lords to be summoned.—On the first reading of the bill for repealing so much of the act relating to the South Sea company as confers on that company an exclusive right to trade to certain parts of South America , lord Redesdale presented a petition from the South Sea Company , praying to be heard by counsel 1054 against the bill . Lord Auckland declared his intention of opposing any motion for the hearing of counsel . The bill before the house was one which did not in any Manner call upon the house to hear counsel . The South-Sea company , although legally entitled to an exclusive trade to a great part of South America , had not for many years employed a single vessel in that trade . Conquests having been recently made by his majesty 's arms upon that continent , a large capital had been embarked in the trade to South America , upon the supposition of its being perfectly legal . It had since been discovered that it was not so , and that the