extent of the demands of France , and in what manner they could be modi- 349 fied . Sir , I would ask of my noble friend , how the most experienced diplomatist could have conducted himself in a manner more satisfactory , or could have evinced greater skill in a situation of extreme delicacy ? —Now , sir , it becomes necessary to observe upon that part of the speech of my noble friend wherein he states the increased and extravagant pretensions of France , as arising out of the successful issue of her schemes with the Russian minister ; and surely it is not just to take the terms mentioned by general Clarke , in this conference with lord Yarmouth , as the ultimatum of the French government , far less to assert that the French insisted with great elation upon their success with Russia , and in consequence of it demanded terms to which England could not accede . That a considerable advantage had been gained by France , no man can deny , and that such advantage would not be improved was unreasonable to expect . But the words of general Clarke are extremely cautious . He says that it would entitle the emperor to more advantageous terms . That , `` the `` emperor would be authorized to with '' hold some of the great points , but having `` repeatedly said the contrary , though not `` in an official manner , he would abide by `` it . `` —My noble friend has justly remarked , that in the subsequent explanation of these great points by general Clarke , the proposed cessions of Hanover , Malta , and the Cape , were burthened with conditions wholly inadmissible : and my feelings revolt at them as much as those of my noble friend . The difference between us is this , that my noble friend considers these propositions to have been seriously intended as the ultimatum of France , whilst I consider them only in the nature of preliminary discussions , and if those discussions had proceeded , terms of a different nature , and perfectly admissible terms might have been proposed.—Here , sir , I would beg to refer those who are disposed to contend that the uti possidetis had been hitherto , and was now considered as the sine quâ non of the negociation , to the note prepared by lard Yarmouth for his discussion with general Clarke , and which was read by his lordship to the general . [ No . 25 , Inclosure D. p . 129 . ] You will there find that the English plenipotentiary states himself to be authorized to `` discuss the basis , and to give full effect to the reciprocal desire of the two countries . '' Now surely , sir , if there had been but one indispensable basis upon 350 which England would condescend to proceed , no discussion could arise upon the subject . The simple question was , Yes , or No ? as was put by Mr. Fox relative to the joint or separate negociation in his correspondence with M. Talleyrand , and by the same minister also in the case of Sicily.—However , sir , to revert to the account of the conference itself . I maintain , that my noble friend is no more entitled to say that the terms mentioned by general Clarke , were the only terms which could have been obtained from France , than that the French minister would have been justified in affirming that the cession on the part of the French government of Naples , Venice , Istria , and Dalmatia , together with a part of the emperor 's Italian dominions to the king of Sardinia , ( p. 113 ) were the only terms upon which England would consent to make peace with France . Sir , I confess that such laxity and indulgence towards ourselves , and such strict interpretation of all that comes from the opposite party , seems to me , with great submission , neither to be in the true spirit of conciliatory treating