one would allow that it was necessary to see these papers in the mean time , in order to be enabled to enter upon a discussion with respect to the contents . But if the vote should be passed on Wednesday , it must be done without any one having an opportunity of examining the papers in the mean time , supposing they should now be sent to the printer , and could not be finished before the proposed time of discussion . But what would do away all these difficulties would be to vote a considerable sum on Wednesday on account , if the papers should not be printed before that time . asked why the motion had not been made sooner , and why they now took occasion to press it at this late period ? Full time had been given for any such motion , much more than , to his knowledge , had been given in some former years . The only ground on which he could agree to the motion was , that it might afford an opportunity of sifting the conduct of ministers , and of bringing the charges against them to a discussion , if the hon . gentlemen should find any reason to prefer them . He could not consent to delay the vote . observed , that it was his intention at first to have supported the motion , for he was satisfied that these papers could convey no material information to the enemy . But he congratulated the house and the country on the great change which had taken place in the conduct of the learned gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) , who was so ready with his charges of changing against others . The house and the country must be peculiarly happy to find ; that he who formerly objected to all information on these points , was now suddenly become so zealous an advocate for information . The learned gent . certainly wished for delay . Now , if the papers were to be printed with a view to the ulterior purpose of the hon . mover , he would certainly not object to the motion . But he would vote against printing them , unless it was 463 fully understood that there was to be no delay of the vote . said , that his only object had been to obviate difficulties . thought that the best course would be for the hon . gent . to withdraw his motion for the present , and leave the papers on the table till the vote was passed ; after which he might have the papers printed , with a view to the ulterior object for which he wanted them . wished to know from the Speaker , how far it was reasonable to suppose that the papers might be printed before Wednesday . The Speaker observed , that where there were a great many figures , it was impossible even for those most conversant with the business to calculate exactly . observed , that the same reason , the multitude of figures , which rendered it difficult to print these papers in a short time , also rendered it difficult to examine them minutely . It would be better to have the papers on the table in the mean time . He therefore suggested , whether the object of the hon . gent . ( for he was anxious that the minutest enquiries should take place into all the branches of the public expenditure ) , would not be answered by leaving the papers in the mean time , and moving to have them printed afterwards ? hoped that the abstract would at all events be printed in the mean time . then stated , that he was ready to consent to what had been proposed , but he begged leave at the same time to state , that it was perfectly in order and consistent with the duty of any member , to propose such a motion as the present one , which he should now , for the reasons stated , withdraw for the