to Paris , and , from whatever causes , found the French minister receding from the propositions with which he had charged him . In these circumstances lord Yarmouth conducted himself with propriety and dignity . [ No.14 , p . 111 . ] He recalled to the recollection of M. Talleyrand the conversation which had passed between them , the truth of which was acknowledged by the French minister ; and held out no hope of a favourable issue , under the altered disposition of the court of France.—In this situation he addressed the letter to Mr. Fox , which produced the spirited and indignant dispatch of the 26th of June [ No . 15 , p . 112 . ] which my noble friend has informed us was the last written by the hand of Mr. Fox . Much stress , sir , has been laid by my noble friend on the arguments urged by him as tending to shew that Mr. Fox would not have consented to proceed in any negociation unless the uti possidetis was acknowledged by the French govern- 345 ment as the basis of the proceeding . Sir , I can not find any ground for that assertion in the whole of this dispatch . True it is that Mr. Fox desired lord Yarmouth to recall the French minister to his own original proposal : but he emphatically states that `` Sicily is the sine quâ non , '' and although he argues with great warmth upon the conduct of the French government , and even says that it was upon the faith of the uti possidetis having been agreed to as the basis of the negociation that lord Yarmouth was then at Paris ; he does not direct him to break off the negociation unless that basis was again recognized . He sums up the whole of his reasoning in one remarkable paragraph : `` The result of what I have stated to your lordship is this , 1st , That Sicily is a sine quâ non ; on which subject , if the French minister recedes from his former answer , it is in vain that any further discussion should take place . It is clearly within his first opinion delivered to your lordship ; it is clearly within his last description of places , which are reciprocally possessed by the two countries , and can not in all probability be recovered by war . `` —But , sir , can my noble friend find in any part of this dispatch any other ground stated upon which the discussions are to be finally and peremptorily closed ? On the contrary , is not lord Yarmouth told that the moment the single point of Sicily is conceded , he may open the full powers ( with which he had been furnished , in consequence of a suggestion from the French government ) and that upon the refusal of that single point those powers were to be with-held . Further , sir , I would put it to my noble friend , whether upon the contents of the letter from lord Yarmouth to Mr. Fox , of the 19th , and Mr. Fox 's answer of the 26th , the inference is not undeniable , that it was not the intention of either government to insist upon the absolute recognition of the abstract basis of the uti possidetis as preliminary to negociation , or even to negotiate strictly upon that basis.—Why , sir , the state of actual possession on both sides must have been intended , if on either : and yet we find that in the relation of the very first conversation held by the English plenipotentiary , on his return to Paris , with M. Talleyrand , ( wherein he urges upon that minister the correctness of the terms of the message he took to England ) he gives Mr. Fox to understand that he had asked for the ces- 346 sion of Naples , Venice , Istria , and Dalmatia , as well as an alienation of some parts of the French emperor 's Italian states to form a provision