hope which it offers of assistance to those who are able to contend for their freedom , and of refuge and protection to those who fly to it from tyranny and oppression ? —But , for the attainment of these objects , what can be more obvious than that it is not sufficient for such an union to exist , unless its existence be known ? —that a concert may be perfectly cordial between the two contracting powers ; but if its operation be kept secret , if it be not diligently and ( I would almost say ) ostentatiously blazoned to the world , it is utterly useless for any purpose of larger benefit ? And what was the fact ? Was it notorious that England and Russia negociated in concert ? Was not the direct contrary more than suspected ? Was not the mission of M. D'Oubril universally believed to be a surprise upon our govern- 380 ment ? Was not the omission of any mention of Russia in the king 's speech , at the end of the last session of parliament , understood both here and abroad as a tacit abrogation of our alliance ? If that alliance still subsisted at that time , and if the concert was going on as intimately as is now insinuated , was it not our obvious policy to give every degree of publicity in our power to a state of things so honourable to ourselves , and in its consequences likely to prove so beneficial to the rest of the world ? But what was our conduct ? and what were its effects ? —When once we had agreed to treat , [ See Mr. Fox 's dispatch to lord Yarmouth , June 26 , 1806 . No . 15 of the papers , presented to both houses of parliament , page 140 of the present volume , ] `` separately in form , though in substance , in concert with each other , '' ( a most dexterous contrivance some appear to think it—I conceive it to have been a most mischievous concession ) ; from that moment however our good faith might still be saved , every other advantage of concert was irretrievably abandoned . Russia and England might still be true to each other : but Russia and England together were no longer true to the cause of Europe and of the world.—And were not the effects correspondent with the error of the policy ? What lost Prussia ? I know , the noble lord says , the madness , the precipitancy , the infatuation of Prussia herself . But are we wholly guiltless ? Had Prussia nothing to mislead and to deceive her ? I know , the noble lord will tell us , as he has already told us , that Prussia acted without concert or communication . He will quote that note of the king of Prussia , in which he states that his resolution to go to war would be known at Paris before it was known at London or at Petersburgh . He will lament that Prussia did not throw herself upon the courts of London and Petersburgh for counsel and assistance . But what temptation had Prussia to take this course ? Had she nothing to deter her from it ? Let us see what the court of Berlin would answer for itself . In the declaration which was published by that court at the beginning of October , speaking of the time when Prussia was goaded by France into the measures which led immediately to the war , it is said `` two negociations were at that time carrying on at Paris ; one with Russia , the other with the English ministry . In both these negociations the intentions of France against Prussia were evidently manifested . '' 381 And then it proceeds to specify the stipulations hostile to Prussia in each . Such then was the impression at Berlin . The court of Berlin was satisfied that England and Russia were carrying on not a joint negociation , but two distinct and separate negociations : — ''