of the plan upon that . He would only have to make the requisite allowances , and that was all the difference . But in the mean time it was a good thing when 32 millions could be produced , and the only question was whether this was the best 803 mode of managing that sum . There was no doubt as to the sum being produced . That being the present sum requisite for the war expences , and that sum being produced , this plan proceeded upon the supposition that thirty-two millions would be the amount of the war expenditure . As to the depreciation of money , he did not very well understand what the right hon . gent . meant by that argument , for , if there was any mode better than another to prevent the depreciation of money , it was to prevent any additional taxation . It was curious then to have this thrown in the teeth of those who were doing that which of all other things tended most to prevent the depreciation which was apprehended . That this depreciation might take place , however , to a certain extent , was not at all unlikely ; but it was one of the advantages of this plan that it confined it within proper bounds . This was all that was necessary in reply to the right hon . gent . as he had not entered into the details of the plan . His objections , therefore , to the principle appeared to be ill-founded.—The house then went into a committee . addressed the Committee nearly as follows : —I am aware of the disadvantage under which any one must rise in this committee , to make observations at all unfavourable to a plan which holds out to the country a certain prospect of not being subjected to taxes for 3 years to come ; and that for a considerable period , such as shall be necessary will be to no considerable amount . Objections , however , of so serious and important a nature press upon my mind upon the subject that unless they shall be removed by the noble lord , they will compel me , in the discharge of my duty as a member of parliament , to resist at least the immediate adoption of it , especially on the basis proposed ; under a persuasion that if , contrary to the present impression on my mind , the scheme shall be found to be a good one , other means than those proposed must be devised for carrying it into effect . High eulogiums were bestowed by the noble lord in the course of his opening Speech , on the system of the Sinking Fund , and on the one for raising large sums within the year , towards carrying on the war ; and great praise was very liberally given to the incomparable man ( Mr. Pitt ) whom this country and the world have had the misfortune to lose , for having established those systems . I 804 naturally expected , therefore , to hear some proposal similar in principle to those : the Resolution , however , under our consideration is the converse of that principle , as it not only has a direct tendency to interrupt the progress of the old Sinking fund , in paying of the present debt , but anticipates our resources instead of providing new ones . The truth is , which can not be concealed , that instead of following up the principle established and acted upon by my late right hon . friend , of increasing the sinking fund , and diminishing the debt , it is proposed to us to adopt one , which in the course of its operation , will have the effect of diminishing the Sinking Fund , and increasing to an immense amount the capital of the debt . Any wise and practicable plan that could be devised for avoiding , as far as may be prudent , the imposition of taxes , arising out of the systems alluded to , must be received