of the change when it occurred . He could not but remark , that , in the plan that had been 747 submitted by the noble lord , he had availed himself of what had never been laid down by him as a single or separate principle . The noble lord had taken advantage of the excess of the Sinking Fund , without adverting to the concurrent principle of adding to that Fund , which was a leading feature of his system . He had himself , however , proposed to equalise the operation of the Sinking Fund by adding to it now with a view to take from it hereafter ; but the noble lord had taken all the beneficial result , and left out of his plan the operating cause . He should not then enter farther into the consideration of the plan of the noble lord , but trusted that the adjourned debate would take place on the most convenient day , which he supposed would be Monday next , the day of the discussion of his own Resolutions , beyond which day he could not consent to have the discussion deferred , in consideration of the effect that the delay might have on the Ways and Means of the year . He was ready to give the noble lord all the assistance in his power , and assured him that he would , not only in this instance , but at all times , be ready to attend to any suggestions from him , or from any of the hon . gentlemen near him . did not propose to enter then into the discussion of the Resolutions that had been submitted . He wished merely to state , that he was not satisfied with the data of the noble lord opposite , or of his noble friend , though he thought those of his noble friend less liable to objection . On Monday he should state his opinions on the subject , though he should not throw any obstacle in the way of the ways and means of the year . The plan of the noble lord , however appeared to him a permanent one ; and , if once adopted , it would not be possible to make any alteration in it for 20 years , without convulsing the whole system.—The debate was then adjourned to Monday . rose pursuant to notice , to submit a motion to the house on the subject of the Petition , which he had the honour to present on a former day ( see p. 684 ) . But before he should proceed further , he thought it regu- 748 lar that the Petition , and also the Resolution of that house of the 10th of December , 1779 , should be read . The Petition was then read , as likewise the Resolution of 1779 , which declared . That it is highly criminal in any minister or ministers , or other servants under the crown of Great Britain , directly or indirectly , to use the powers of office in the election of representatives to serve in parliament ; and an attempt at such influence will at all times be resented by this house , as aimed at its own honour , dignity , and independency , as an infringement of the dearest rights of every subject throughout the Empire , and tending to sap the basis of this free and happy constitution.—The hon . gent . then proceeded to state , that in bringing this question under the consideration of the house , he was actuated solely by a sense of public duty . So far from entertaining any hostile disposition towards the hon . member who was particularly alluded to in the petition , he felt the highest respect for him , and considered him only as having acted under the directions of the government . The petition , it would be recollected , charged that hon . gent . with having written to the Barrack-Master-General , directing him to use the whole extensive influence of the Barrack Department , in order to promote the