trade , which had been selected as the object of retaliation , was that portion which offered not one of the advantages in view , to any thing like the extent in which they would have been furnished by other trades . The first object was the greatest , and that was to counteract the effects of the enemy 's measures , and make the evils be felt as little as possible by ourselves . Then it could hardly be said , that stopping the coasting-trade of the enemy was the best way to answer that purpose . But what was the mischief ? He hoped that the effects of the enemy 's measures would be in a great degree counteracted by the elastic principle of trade itself , and that our commodities would find their way to the continent , in spite of all prohibitions . But no one could doubt that some mischief would be done . None could doubt that the hazard and inconvenience would send our commodities to the foreign market at an increased price . Something at least would be added to the insurance , from the risk of capture and confiscation , and this would force the seller to enhance his price , and consequently enable others to come into competition with him , and even to undersell him . It must therefore be clear , that though our commodities should not be excluded from the continent , they must find their way there , with greater inconvenience , 630 and at an advanced price . Why , then , if there were goods , which were almost excluded from the continent by the increased risk , inconvenience , and increased price consequent on a state of war , they must by this additional burthen be totally prevented . In that point of view , it was impossible to consider the order of council as affording us any relief . Then , if this was so , it remained to look at the other object , which was to distress our enemies as much as possible . Now , the order ought to be made to bear on the trade which we could most effectually destroy . The coasting trade ! Was that the trade most easily interrupted , when the vessels could so easily run into creeks and get under the protection of their batteries ? It must be evident , that it would be impossible to make any very serious impression on this trade . But supposing that it could be effectually prevented , he would ask , whether that was the way in which the greatest mischief could be done to the enemy ? He allowed that the interruption of this trade would be mischievous to the enemy , and therefore he would by no means preclude the government from retaliating in that way . But every body must be sensible that this trade was in a great measure internal , and that it could be carried on by land as well as by sea , though not with the same ease and convenience . The Brest fleet , for instance , might be perfectly well supplied by land carriage , though the coasting trade should be annihilated . We might press heavily upon the internal trade of France by this means , but we could never prohibit it . Now , if there was any trade by interrupting or preventing which we could in a great measure , or completely , exclude certain necessary commodities from that part of the continent under the dominion of France , that was the trade which ought to have been preferred for the purposes of retaliation . The house might have anticipated him in what he was going to say . But he begged to be understood as not peremptorily insisting upon any particular measures , as those which ought certainly to have been adopted . All he wished to do was , to shew that there was much reason to doubt whether the measure that had been adopted by government was the most efficient that could have been adopted under the present circumstances