, that this measure was not final . He was surprised that his learned friend had been so misunderstood , as to have it conceived that the order of council would have no practical effect . On the contrary , he had allowed that it would have a great practical effect ; but as the present circumstances of the country , arising out of the order of the French government , were different from any in which it had ever been placed , he contended that more vigorous measures should have been adopted . As to the period of our history , which had been alluded to , he should presently shew that the time of the American government had been wasted in negociations and in intrigues to corrupt the French ministers . Whatever might be the feelings of government towards America , whatever might be the principles on which the late negociation had been conducted , these were no reasons for delaying the adoption of more vigorous measures of retaliation against the enemy . He thought it impossible that the house could form an adequate opinion whether the measure of government was wise or unwise , adequate or inadequate , unless they should look at the state of the country as to its maritime rights . It would be futile for him to dwell , in this instance , on the importance of its maritime rights to this country , but it was necessary for the house to look a little at the two systems of maritime rights which it had under different circumstances been called on to accede to . They would recollect the claims made by the armed neutrality of 1780 , and of 1800 , that neutral ships should make free goods , and that neutral vessels sailing under convoy of ships of war should not be molested , and that such claims had been resisted even 642 unto war . But the claims advanced by France in the present instance , not only extended to neutrals , but to the free navigation of the mercantile shipping of the enemy . As the claims now urged by France were so much larger than any that had been before made , gentlemen should take care not to assist the views of the French government by opposing the motion of his learned friend , which might lead to the adoption of such measures as would visit the aggressions of the French government upon itself , the object of his hon . friend being only to shew that the order was inadequate to its object . There was as great a difference between the situation of this country at present and in the year 1798 . Though France had then considerably added to her territory , she had not identified with the whole of Europe as she does at present . She had the central of Holland it was true , but she had not the ports of the North , Hamburgh , and the Hanse towns . She had not extended herself over the whole of Europe . She had the north of Italy , but not the south , or the kingdom of Naples . Her dominion had not been established over Spain , and Portugal was a substantively independent kingdom , and not tributary as at present , when she is allowed to import articles of British produce , only by paying a tribute to the French government . The relative situation of Europe had therefore undergone a great change since the year 1798 . The influence and the power of the French government had been then great and formidable ; but they could not employ with such effect , as at present , the pressure of their military force against the commerce of this country ; and , therefore , a greater forbearance might have been practised towards them than at present . He contended , that considerations of forbearance respecting America , should not induce the house to abstain from adopting , not an act of practical injustice , but the measures which the circumstances of the times required , namely , to warn