to be grounded on the production of these papers , found his difficulty increased instead of diminished , by his readiness to give the noble lord every explanation that was in his power upon the subject . All that he would pledge himself to was the Oude charge , and , he supposed , that , about a month or 5 weeks after the printing of the papers he should be ready to make his motion . The Mahratta and Carnatic questions floated at present but loosely in his mind , and he was not Prepared to say how he should act upon them . declared himself to be perfectly satisfied with this explanation , and allowed that the noble lord had answered with great fairness and candour every thing which could be expected for him to answer . considered , that it was for the honour and dignity of the house that the proceedings of the last session should not now be dropped . wished for some further explanation . He considered the noble lord as acting as a substitute for Mr. Paull . It that gentleman should succeed in his petition , ( how probable or desireable such an event would be he should not say ) , then the impeachment was not to go on ; should he fail , then there were only to be resolutions of the house . He should always disapprove of impeachments for Indian offences , seeing that there was a competent jurisdiction appointed to try them by the act of 1784. said , that the motion had his approbation , and he hoped that the noble lord would not consider his having declined to notice the allusion which he had thought proper to make to him as the effect of any disrespectful inattention . The noble lord , in announcing his conditional notice , had expressed his hopes , that the original mover of these papers would succeed in his petition . [ `` No , '' said lord Folkestone , `` I stated that such was the hope of Mr . Paull . '' ] Oh ! that Mr. Paull had such hopes , ( continued Mr. Sheridan , ) was extremely probable . He was , no doubt , a very active canvasser and a sanguine politician ; but he must excuse him ( Mr. S. ) , if he declined to sympathize in his hopes . But , as to the noble lord , he announced hip resolution to pursue a different course from that followed by his 554 hon . friend Mr. Paull . Then , of course , he disapproved of his hon . friend 's mode of proceeding . It was rather surprising that the noble lord did not , in the course of the last , or preceding sessions , advise his hon . friend to abandon that mode . It was not quite so friendly not to have given him a hint . But , a word or two as to the pledge to which the noble lord had alluded . If that noble lord had been present , he might have heard him two or three times , state distinctly to the house , the reasons which had produced the delay he complained of , and also the grounds upon which he had brought forward this question . He , however , utterly denied that he had ever forfeited the slightest pledge on this business , He defied any man even to catch him tripping . All that he ever said , and the grounds upon which he had acted , he was ready to repeat again and again , and upon that repetition he would confidently rest for the justification of his conduct . Whenever that conduct was fairly represented and clearly understood , he would have no fear of censure . He was now prepared to declare , that if any other person , whoever that person might be , should bring forward the Carnatic question , he would most distinctly pledge himself to give that person his most zealous , active and cordial assistance ; and to exert as