the country had derived from the right hon . gent . 's being placed in the chair ; to augur happily of the future by the grateful recollection of the past ; to anticipate the services the country would receive ; to indulge in the memory of those already conferred ; to reflect that by his being placed in the situation in which fortunately he was placed , the house would assure to itself the exercise of a steady and temperate authority , an impartiality and integrity not to be shaken , a rich fund of constitutional know- 12 ledge , and a just , dispensation of those wise and enlightened opinions which actuated him—these were topics so pleasing to dwell upon , so natural to expatiate upon , that he was persuaded the house would indulge him in pursuing such themes ; but yet from those topics he felt himself reluctantly compelled to abstain . When he recollected that the person who was the object of his eulogium , was the person he was addressing , he was compelled by motives of delicacy not to dwell upon the subject , grateful as it was to him . He should conclude by saying , that he did most heartily congratulate the house , the country , and the right hon . gent . himself , on the choice that had been made.—He en moved , that the house do adjourn , and the house adjourned accordingly . addressed the lords commissioners as follows : —My lords , I have to acquaint you , that in compliance with the commands of his majesty , and in the exercise of their undoubted privilege , the commons of the united kingdom , in parliament assembled , have proceeded to the choice of a fit and proper person to fill the high and important situation of speaker to their house . As the object of that choice , I now submit myself for the approbation of his majesty , with due and sincere humility , deeply impressed with a sense of the many and undeserved favours I have already received from his hands , and fully confident of my inadequacy to fulfil the duties of this high situation in a manner correspondent with the dignity and importance of so sacred a trust . But of this I am convinced , that should his majesty conceive the present choice of his faithful commons not consistent with his own and the public interests , they will immediately proceed to the election of some more suitable and proper person to fill that important and dignified situation . in the name of the commission said , Gentlemen of the house of commons ; We have it in command from his majesty to signify his most gracious approval of the choice you have made in the important appointment of speaker to your house . For my own part when I reflect on the great and comprehensive talents , on the perfect acquaintance with the forms and precedents of parliament , of the gentleman whom you have honoured with your choice ; when I reflect on that high character for learning and wisdom for which he is so pre-eminently conspicuous ; it is unnecessary for me to say any thing further than merely to express that his majesty fully approves of the object of your choice . then said , —My lords ; His majesty having been most graciously pleased to confirm the choice of his faithful commons , my first duty , after returning my most grateful acknowledgements for the kind manner in which the performance of my duties have been accepted and approved ; and after expressing the strong conviction I feel of the indulgence his majesty has ever manifested to unintentional error , is to lay claim , in their name , and on their behalf , to all their ancient rights and privileges ; particularly that their persons , estates , and servants , may be free from arrest , and all molestation ; that they may enjoy liberty of speech in their debates ; that they may have access to his majesty 's royal person