. His plan went on the ground of a nine years expenditure ; and certainly , with the same funds , would add much less to the debt , than the supplementary loans of the noble lord . He agreed that he could not go on further without fresh taxes , but if a peace should take place at the end of that period , or before , no new taxes would be necessary . The system of double loans and compound interest of the noble lord would only lead to bankruptcy and ruin , and certainly would bear no comparison either with the present system or either of the suggestions which he had the honour to make by way of modification of the noble lord 's plan . Mr.Giles declared that he would not have risen at that late hour , but that he saw one general error pervade the whole system of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , which he thought it was incumbent on him to state to the noble lord and the house . If he proved the existence of this one fundamental error throughout the whole of the noble lord 's statement , he thought that that might in itself be sufficient to induce the house to reject those calculations which had so much of fallacy in their foundation . The noble lord proposed a loan of eleven millions , for twenty years , without ever mentioning , or taking into his consideration , according to the calculations in his own papers , the accumulating interest for that period . The sum borrowed would amount to 220 millions ; the interest to accumulate on the different sums so borrowed would be twenty-three years for 824 the first sum of eleven millions , nineteen for the second , and so on in proportion . This would amount to something upwards of 144,000,000l . of interest , in the whole , at the end of the time stated . The noble lord had stated , that the interest , according to his calculation , would amount to only the sum of 14,656,000l . or something thereabouts . This immense difference arose from his mistake in not having taken any idea of the accumulating interest along with him as he proceeded . The plan of his noble friend ( lord Henry Petty ) whilst his calculations were fair and correct , had also this advantage over that of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , that at the expiration of the term proposed , it would leave the sinking fund entirely free and unfettered as to its future operation . Lord Castlereagh insisted that the error was not his ; he had taken the statement from the tables C , F , and G , of the chancellor of the exchequer 's plan . Mr. Giles observed , that was where the noble lord was in error . He only took a view of part of the amount of interest , whereas if he had looked into table L , he would have found that it summed up the whole . Mr. Davies Giddy highly applauded the plan of the noble lord ( H. Petty ) . He had made some calculations upon the subject himself , and had taken some time to consider the plan which that noble lord had laid before the house ; and he found that it united all the physical and moral powers that were necessary for the attainment of the object which he had in view . It was with arithmetical calculations as with the machinery used in mechanics ; the operating power must be proportioned to the weight or sum which it has to raise . On this principle he found the noble lord 's system to be correct in all its parts with making only the necessary allowance for any thing that might hereafter accidentally impede the operations of the machinery . It also possessed the moral power of exciting the confidence and energy of the people.—The resolutions were then read and agreed to . The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received on Wednesday