of positive injustice , because it would place the parties in so different a relative situation from that in which they were at the time of making the contract . When he threw these observations out , he did it only by way of stating the difficulties he felt ; not of giving a conclusive opinion , 854 as he had not yet heard the grounds upon which the measure had been founded . There did not appear to him to be either necessity for the measure or any utility in it . One of the objects of the measure , he understood to be , to prevent frauds , by persons who might involve themselves in debt , and , with the money borrowed , purchase freehold property , which would descend to their heirs without becoming responsible for these debts . This was a case that had sometimes occurred , and which ought to be prevented . But the measure went , in one respect , beyond its object , and in another fell short of it . Such cases of . frauds were confined to properties purchased by the debtor , and the bill , by extending to all freehold property , went beyond its object . But , by being limited to freehold , and not including copyhold property , it fell short of its object . It would tell the fraudulent debtor to purchase copyhold and , not freehold property ; and copyhold property would more effectually enable him to defraud his creditors , because copyhold property was not liable even , for specialty debts . In the bill which had been brought in for the same purpose in , 1772 , copyholds and customary freeholds had been included with freehold property . Having said thus much , it was not his intention to object to the second reading of the bill , or even its going into a committee ; for in the committee his hon . and learned friend would feel the necessity , for the attainment of his own object , to make some alterations in the measure . would have been extremely glad if the opposition then made had been made before , because he would in that case have had the advantage of knowing the objections that were felt to a measure , which he conceived to be of the highest importance . He must say that it would have been more fortunate if he had heard the objections stated by the right hon . and learned gent . who had spoken last , sooner , because , though he was convinced , that every hon . member was actuated in making objections to any measure by the purest motives , it would have been particularly desirable for him to have heard the objections just stated earlier , both because he had endeavoured to collect the opinion of his right hon . and learned friend on the bill , and had submitted a copy of it to him , and because he could then have given an answer that might have been more satisfac- 855 tory to the house , than the answer he could now give might prove . He admitted that it was incumbent upon any member who proposed any alteration in the existing law , to state the grounds upon which he founded such alteration . If his right hon . and learned friend had not been present when he stated the grounds of this measure , the fault did not lie with him . He had on that occasion stated , that the law of landed property had been framed with a view to a feudal state of society , which no longer existed . It was to pay too great veneration to the wisdom of our ancestors , as it was called , to continue that law unaltered , when the state of society had undergone a change that rendered it inapplicable to the existing state of society . This country had become a great commercial country , and therefore it was necessary to adapt the law of property to such a situation of things