, and the rent of temporary barracks . In the Second Report of Military Inquiry there appeared a case which he should refer to in support of this assertion . It was there stated , that a Mr . Page , who became barrack-master at Winchester , in 1801 , leaguing with a Mr. Green , a lawyer , bought a house which had been before rented as a barrack , for 63l . per annum , but which was not worth more than 30l . after which the government had been charged 163l . The whole sum that had been paid for this barrack , since the year 1794 , amounted to 1700l . though according to the usual allowance of officers , only 33l . 10s . ought to have been paid for it , as it did not appear that the barrack had been occupied by officers for more than one year of the whole term . This certainly called for inquiry . He begged also to call the attention of the house to the case of a barrack called the Queen 's Barracks , near Weymouth , which he had visited in the middle of Sept . This barrack contained 700 and sometimes 800 men , and though so great expence was incurred , the accommodations for the officers and men were extremely bad . The building was in a low situation , in a narrow street , near a public brewhouse , without any convenience of water , but from a pump , which was at a distance , and often dry , without any place for exercising the troops , so that sixty 844 guineas a year were paid for a piece of land , at a considerable distance for that purpose . The stories of the building were but five feet high , and extremely inconvenient , and there were no drains to carry off the water . He was sure , when he stated these circumstances , that the house would not think him too anxious in pressing the inquiry . In bringing the question forward , he did not mean to impute blame to any man ; the evil originated in a bad system , from which it had grown up to its present extent , and his majesty 's ministers might not yet have had time to take the necessary measures for preventing the state of the barracks from being a reproach to the country . He knew not whether the barrack he had adverted to was rented or had been purchased , but his motion would reach that fact . It was unnecessary for him to state to the house the utility of economy . He understood that the barrack department in Ireland was n as bad a state as in Great Britain , and he was the more alarmed at this , because he looked at the expenditure of that country in the gross , which was now nearly equal to the charge for Great Britain , and could not but reflect , that fifteen-seventeenths of whatever sums should be expended for barracks in Ireland , would be to be defrayed by this country . The honourable gentleman concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before this house a return of all the buildings of every description , rented or hired by government , and used as barracks or places for lodging , or containing officers or soldiers of the army , or of persons or horses attached to the army ; that the said return do embrace every building which has so been rented , or hired , and so used , in the whole of Great Britain and Ireland , between the 1st day of January , 1793 , and the 1st day of January , 1807 : that the said return be exhibited in fifteen columns , placed in the order and containing the several heads here following , viz . 1st . the date of the year and of the month and day when each building respectively was taken ; 2d , the county and parish in which the building is situate