It was an assurance that he would vindicate the rights of parliament on the one hand , and prevent the disposition of members to extend those rights too far , to the prejudice of other branches of the legislature . He had but one word more . There was one quality he possessed in a most eminent degree . It was , that at the same time he had shewn his love of public liberty , true constitutional liberty , he had manifested a due sense and proper regard of the privileges of parliament . He had shewn that true greatness of mind which impelled him to consider it as equally dangerous to the constitution , that the commons should attempt to strain their privileges beyond their due bounds , as that they should not assert them when they were attempted to be violated . It required a great mind to be invested with extensive powers , without being , at the same time , disposed to overstrain them . The house were sensible that the right hon . gent . was possessed of all these qualities . He therefore concluded by saying , that to second the motion of his right hon . friend , gave him the most perfect satisfaction , and the greatest possible pleasure . In rising to address the house this day , it is impossible for me not to feel the deepest sense of gratitude for the general favour and kindness with which this proposition has been received . Many , very many of the commendations which my honourable friends , by their partiality , have been pleased to bestow upon me , I dare not flatter myself with having merited ; and although they are pleased to suppose that my former experience in the chair of this house may afford an argument in favour of their choice , yet that same experience has left on my mind a very different impression ; for I am persuaded that whoever aspires to understand and execute the duties of that high 11 and important office , will readily acknowledge its various difficulties , as well as his own insufficiency . Nevertheless , custom long established , and a just respect towards the house , forbid any person whose services have been already tried in that office from insisting or dwelling much at large on his own demerits . I do therefore commit myself wholly to the pleasure of the house , with an earnest hope that the event of their choice may not be injurious to its interests , or detrimental to its honour.—Mr . Abbot was then conducted to the chair by Mr. Bragge Bathurst and Mr. Wilberforce ; and when seated therein , he again rose and thus proceeded : —Since it has been the pleasure of the house to place me again in this chair , I have to make my most grateful acknowledgements for this proof of its high and distinguished confidence , and to assure the house , that while I have the happiness to possess that confidence , every moment of my life , both within and without these walls , shall be constantly and faithfully devoted to its service.—The speaker having seated himself in the chair , rose and said , that on an occasion so solemn and important as that of selecting a speaker , it had been not unusual to allow some of its members to express those sentiments which he rejoiced to see were so unanimous . He freely stated , that , on the present occasion , he did not feel it necessary to offer any apology for obtruding himself on the attention of the house . If the business they had so happily concluded had been one which required high talents in the person who offered his congratulations , he should have known himself better than to have offered a single observation ; but , in presenting himself the first to congratulate the house , he was only expressing those sentiments which were common to all who heard him . To have a strong sense , and to express it , of the benefit