he appealed to the House , whether he might not object to such a foundation of a charge against him ; but he did not deny the letter , on the contrary , he had taken some pains to procure the original , for which he could appeal to his friends , in order to enable the house to form a judgment of the merits of the case . As the hon . baronet had read that letter , he trusted the house would permit him to read it also . The hon . gent here read the letter , which had been read before by the hon . baronet . The letter was dated Treasury Chambers , Sept. 22 , some time previous to the dissolution , and was marked `` private . ' He should not say that many letters on official business might not be sometimes marked in this manner , but certainly the gentlemen opposite , who had so much more experience in the business of office than he had , must know that letters so marked were never preserved by official copies in the office . He only recommended the candidates whom he wished to succeed , to the favourable influence of the barrack-master-general , and requested of him to recommend them to the other gentlemen in that department . These were the expressions he made use of , and he was ready both to claim and to justify them . Now , as to the charge `` that William Fremantle , esq . one of the secretaries , who had no property in the county , had employed the power of his office to influence the election , '' he could easily dispose of that . It was one of the unfortunate consequences of the petition having been brought forward without any communication being made to him on the subject , that such a statement as that had found its way into the petition . If the honourable members who brought forward the petition , had informed him of its contents , he could have saved them the trouble of presenting it at all ; he would have saved them the disgrace they must feel from the indignation of the house , or he would have saved the house the trouble of listening to his justification . The answer that he had to make to that charge was , that he was a freeholder of the county of Southampton , that he had a property in that county , and that he had as good a right as any of the gentlemen who had thought proper to sign the petition , to employ all the means which his property , influence , or connections afforded , to promote the election of those candidates whom he wished to succeed . He had for many years posses- 757 sed a property in that county ; and his nearest and dearest connections lived there , who were in the habit of consulting him , and who would be influenced by his advice , had properties in that county equal to any , and larger than the properties of most of those whose names were to the petition . Though he had been settled at the Treasury , it did not follow that he was to be denied that which was the birthright of every Englishman , the right of giving his support and influence to the candidate whom he preferred . If he were to be deprived of that right by his office , he would not hold the office for five minutes.—So far he had considered the question on the ground of private feelings . He should next ask the hon . baronet , by what law it was that he was deprived of this right , merely because he held the situation of secretary to the treasury ? The resolution of the house in 1779 , extended only to persons who should use the power of their official situations to influence elections , but did not preclude persons holding offices from giving their votes and interest to whatever candidate they pleased . He was not