on the table , that the rupture of the negociation did not proceed from any discussion about Hanover , but arose from far different causes . My lords , the principle upon which his majesty 's ministers acted during the whole of the negociation was , that of good faith towards our allies . Without that , no treaty can be concluded by this country , without disgracing ourselves . The principle acted upon by the French government invariably through the whole negociation was , that of endeavouring to effect a separation between us and our allies . This clearly appears in the four stages of the negociation . The first at the commencement of the negociation , when the French government offered us terms which , had we been negociating for ourselves alone , might perhaps have been considered as the fair price of peace , but which , under the circumstances in which we negociated , were offered us as the price of dishonour , as the price of the desertion of our faithful ally , as the price of a direct breach of good faith . Here then , it was evidently their object to tempt us by these offers to separate ourselves from Russia . The second stage of the negociation was , when the French government , partly by threats , partly by inspiring hopes and making promises , contrived to persuade the Russian minister at Paris , M. D'Oubril , to sign a separate treaty of peace . Nothing , my lords , shews more clearly the views and objects of the French government than the alteration in their tone , after they had succeeded in obtaining the signature of this separate treaty with Russia . Then the French government say to our ministers , no , we can not now grant you the same terms we were willing 267 to do before . The signature of a separate treaty with Russia is equivalent to a splendid victory ; therefore we must insist upon better terms . This , my lords , is not our language , but your lordships will mark the expression used by the French ministers in the papers now in your hands , when speaking upon that subject , and which evinces , in the clearest manner , the great importance which they attached to the separation which they thought they had effected between Russia and this country . They considered it equivalent to a splendid victory , and this expression was not loosely used in conversation , but forms a part of the written sentiments of the French government upon that event . A suspicion afterwards arose , that this treaty would not be ratified , or probably intelligence of the refusal of the emperor of Russia to ratify it had then reached Paris , although of this we know nothing . Which brings me to the third stage of the negociation ; when the French government , finding the treaty would not be ratified , immediately offered us better terms , in the hope of finding that though they could not separate Russia from this country , they might , by the offer of better terms than they had previously offered , separate this country from Russia . Failing , however , equally in their endeavours to induce Russia to enter into a separate treaty , or to induce this country to enter into a separate treaty , they at length agreed to a negociation ; to be carried on conjointly for the interests of Russia and Great Britain . This brings me to the fourth and last stage of the negociation , when they departed from the principle they had agreed to , of negociating with Russia and England conjointly , when they refused to agree to the terms asked on behalf of Russia , and again offered terms to this country , on the principle of a separate negociation . The rupture of the negociation was , of course , the consequence . My lords , in all this procedure on the part of the French government , it is manifest , that , from the