the petition complaining of an undue election for the borough of Thetford , reported that the committee had decided that Thomas Creevey , esq . was duly elected , and ought to have been returned ; and that James Mingay , esq . was not duly elected , and ought not to have been returned , and that the petition was not frivolous nor vexatious.—Sir G. Heathcote , chairman of the Maldon election committee , reported , that it had determined that B. Gaskill , esq . was not duly elected , and that Charles Western , esq . was duly elected , and ought to have been returned , and that the opposition to the petition was not frivolous nor vexatious.—Mr . Atkyns Wright , from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Penryn , informed the house , that the said committee have determined , that sir Christopher Hawkins , bart . is not duly elected ; that Henry Swann , esq . is duly elected ; that John Trevanion , esq. , the petitioner , ought to have been returned ; that the said John Trevanion , esq . is duly elected ; that the said petitions did not either of them appear to the said committee to be frivolous or vexatious ; and also that the opposition of sir C. Hawkins to the said petitions did not appear to be frivolous or vexatious . The deputy clerk of the crown was ordered to attend the house to-morrow to amend the said returns.—Mr . Atkyns Wright also acquainted the house , that the said select committee had come to several Resolutions , which they had directed him to report to the house ; and he read the report in his place , and afterwards delivered it in at the table , where the same was read , and is as followeth , viz . `` Resolved , that it appears to this committee , that sir Christopher Hawkins , bart . has , by himself and agents , been guilty of bribery and corrupt practices , to influence the last election for the borough of Penryn . That John Stona the elder , James Edgcombe , the rev . Robert Dillon , and other persons , being electors for the said borough of Penryn , were engaged in , and parties to , the said bribery and corrupt practices . '' Ordered , that the said report be taken into further consideration on the 23d instant ; that the said report be printed for the members of the house ; and that the minutes of the pro- 620 ceedings of the said committee be laid before the house.—Mr . Parrell moved , that the order for taking the Mayo election petition into consideration on the 24th of February , be discharged , with a view to postpone it to some early day in April . The precedents of the conduct adopted by the house in the cases of the Aberdeen , Dublin , and Londonderry election petitions , he urged as the grounds upon which the party founded his motion . The absence of a material witness , the circumstance of an eminent barrister , who was engaged to support the petition , being absent on other professional avocations , and a matter of general consideration in such cases , the distance of the place , he conceived to be additional grounds for inducing the house to comply with the object of his motion . Mr. Corry opposed the motion , as he could not possibly see that there was any analogy between the cases , which the hon . member had cited as precedents , and that which was the subject of the present motion . In the county of Mayo there were nearly 8000 freeholders , and about three fourths of those who voted had polled in favour of the sitting member . It was also to be recollected , that the witnesses might be examined by commission in the county of Down , and adjoining county.—The gallery