a very natural inference that the motion owed its success to something else . That something was his concurrence ; and he recollected very well , as it appeared from this memorandum , that he mentioned , at the time , his apprehension that the 24th of Feb. would go too near the circuit , which would render a farther postponement necessary , as his counsel would be out of town . Such was his statement then , and it was only upon the express condition that farther delay would be acceded to , if necessary , that he gave his assent to the noble lord 's motion . This he 934 could aver from his own memory , but there were not less than 20 or 30 gentlemen present , who also heard the noble lord , and who could bear testimony to the noble lord 's observation . The noble lord did state upon that occasion , that when he mentioned the 24th of Feb. he was not aware that the circuit was so near , and that if that day should in consequence become inconvenient , there could be no objection to a farther postponement . This declaration the noble lord was understood to have made by several friends near him . The house , he had no doubt , would agree with him in thinking , that when the petitioners urged the noble lord to move for the former postponement on the ground that they did not wish for the trial on an early day , that the noble lord was not aware of the resolution relative to a speedy trial , which these petitioners had just before published , and in all probability the noble lord was equally unaware of this circumstance , that the counsel for the petitioners did not go any circuit , while those retained on his part did . But of this the petitioners were fully apprised , and they would fain urge him to trial without the advantage of his counsel . It might be asked , why he did not make this proposition of postponement somewhat sooner ? He would candidly answer , because , as he stated before when this subject was under consideration , he really did not think the petition would be persisted in , but from what he had heard of their proceedings within the last few weeks , he was led to believe that his opponents were much more sanguine , even than he suspected , and that they were resolved to persevere . Upon the whole , however , the right hon . gent . could not persuade himself to suppose that that house would call on any gentleman to enter upon such an important investigation , stripped of the aid of his counsel ; and he could not help observing that the attempt to take advantage of him this instance , was not a very liberal return for the manner in which he gave way to the noble lord 's motion upon a former occasion . wished that he could return the compliment which the right hon . gent . had thought proper to bestow upon his accuracy ; but he differed from him entirely as to his report of the conversation which took place on a former day . So far from the right hon . gent . having expressed a wish for further postponement , he had treated the proposition at the time as an omen of the petitioner 's total abandon- 935 ment of the case . Without referring to any of the newspaper reports brought forward by the right hon . gent . he had no hesitation in positively asserting that he never made any such pledge or promise of agreeing to farther postponement , as that stated by the right hon . gent . But he would go farther . He denied that the right hon . gent . so understood him at the time of the discussion , or so understood him since . But the right hon . gent . was not more inaccurate in his text than in his preface , particularly relative to