was a proceeding founded on the princi–ples of the constitution , to which every member was willing to submit , at the same time that it maintained the dignity of the house , and the regularity of its proceed–ings . He was a little surprised to hear a distinction taken between principle and precedent ; for his part , he did not think there was any , as applied to this case , for the one would be found to contain the other ; or , to be more explicit , he thought that precedent contained principle . He was old enough to remember the proceedings in 1764 , on the expulsion of Wilkes for 525 his publication of the North Briton ; he also well remembered the question agitated res–pecting the same individual in 1769 , on which occasion he was in the minority . It must be in the recollection of many members of the house , that in 1782 the expulsion pre–viously voted had been reversed , and all the resolutions respecting it expunged from the journals by a majority , of which he was one . Though this was not a case in point , yet he apprehended that it settled the law of parliament on the subject of expulsion . Having made these loose ob–servations with a view of bringing the question only before the house , he should conclude therefore with trusting that the motion of the noble lord would be adop–ted , being the best in any point of view which could , in his opinion , be suggested . was astonished that a person of the ability of the learned gent . who spoke last , should say that there was no distinction between principle and precedent . They were far as the poles asunder . Pre–cedent might illustrate , but did not con–stitute a principle . He would support the motion for searching precedents , however , as they would shew what had been done in similar cases , if there were any . It there were no precedents , then we must resort to the principle , and make a precedent for the future.—The motion was then agreed to , and the sentence of the court martial , and the proceedings of parliament thereon in the session of 1795–6 read in brief ; after which it was moved by that a committee be ap–pointed to examine into the journals of that house , and the records of parliament , for precedents of cases , in which members had been expelled by that house , who had been returned to it , and to report thereon to the house . in seconding the motion , thought it his duty to abstain from giving any opinion upon the case by antici–pation , one way or the other . perfectly agreed with the noble lord as to the course of proceeding which he recommended , but thought , that as the motion was worded , it would nar–row the view of the case . Gentlemen conversant with the records of that house , would be aware , that of cases similar to the present there were none , and of analo–gous cases extremely few . There were many cases to he found , which , as the motion was worded , the committee would think themselves bound to report . He 526 thought , therefore , that it would be desire-able to make the words of the motion larger , in order to come at the main spring upon which the house acted in such cases , which would enable them to discharge their painful duty in this instance . The hon . gent . suggested to enlarge the words of the motion to all cases of expulsion , distinguishing those in which the expelled members had been again returned . adopted the suggestion of the hon . gent. , and moved , `` that , a com–mittee be appointed to examine the jour–nals of this house , and records of parlia–ment for precedents of cases of members who have been expelled by this house , and for what causes they have been