part of the Interest redeemed by the operation of the Sinking Fund within the year , there would be on that account , a reduction of such Sinking Fund in each year to the amount of 133,418l . That the employment of a considerable sum in the purchase of Stock , at successive periods throughout the year , under the provisions which now regulate the purchase of Stock by the Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt , has a tendency to keep up the price of the Funds , and is consequently , in the time of war , of advantage both to the Public and to the Stockholder . '' . `` That the Sinking Fund may in each year be carried to the amount proposed for such year in the New Plan , by making a Supplementary Loan equal to the amount of the difference between the Sinking Fund , as it would otherwise stand for such year , and the amount proposed in such Plan for the purpose of supplying that difference . '' `` That such Supplementary Loan , when added to the Sinking Fund , by reducing an amount of Interest equal to the charge of Interest increased by raising the same , it is obvious , that , whatever advantage might result from so large an increase of Sinking Fund , operating in the market , ( if an increase to the amount proposed by the New Plan , and wholly produced by adding to the Loan of the year , can really be deemed advantageous , ) might equally be obtained by this mode , without any additional burthen to the public . '' ' . `` That the smallness of the Loan for the service of the year , in proportion to the Sinking Fund , must also have a tendency to keep up the price of Funds . '' . `` That this advantage will result in a greater degree from the system of borrowing 11,000,000l . only in each year , than by having recourse to the larger Loans , which would be required for the service of each year under the New Plan . '' . `` That this mode of providing for the War Expenditure , would consequently be more advantageous to the public , and to the Stockholder , than the New Plan ; and that if , upon the return of peace , a portion of the War Taxes exactly equal to what would be pledged at the same period , by the New Plan , were then to be pledged , to meet the annual charge of such portion of the Total Debt , as that amount of taxes would provide for at an interest of 10 per cent. , including the Sinking Fund upon the 1073 same , the remainder would be the permanent Debt , leaving the present annual charge of the portion of the debt so deducted and provided for , to be added to the amount of the permanent Sinking Fund . '' `` That the debt on the War Taxes , being in the same manner deducted on the return of peace , from the Total Debt which may have then been contracted upon the New Plan , the remainder would be the Permanent Debt incurred by that Plan , and that , the Sinking Fund of the War Taxes being deducted from the total Sinking Fund , which may have in arisen within the same period , the remainder would be the Permanent Sinking Fund . '' `` That the operations of the mode now proposed , whilst they afford some comparative advantage during the continuance of the War , would place the Finances of the county in a much more favourable situation , at the restoration of peace , than those of the New Plan , at whatever period peace may be concluded ; and that at the termination of the period of 20 years the comparison would be as follows : — Permanent Debt by the New Plan £ . 318,311,495 Permanent Debt by the mode proposed 285,595,705 Less Debt by the mode proposed £