that bill into effect ; and if it had been possible for the bill to have succeeded to the extent at first calculated , after it had filled up the deficiencies in the Army of Reserve and Militia , it would after that have only yielded 9000 men yearly , which would not have supplied even the casualties . If , therefore , that bill had succeeded , it would 501 have been but a temporary measure . Besides , it contained in itself the seeds of its own destruction . The great benefit of the present system was , that it would provide for the progressive supply of the army . This progression made him prefer it to any measure that would have a sudden or violent operation , because the state of the army was such , being 12,000 stronger than at the beginning of last year , as not to require such measures . For this state of the army , or the measures that had produced it , he did not take any great credit to himself . The statements of the noble lord appeared to him to be founded on fallacious grounds respecting the success of the recruiting during the last year . He had himself a statement to make on this head , which was founded on accounts that the house could rely upon . They were the accounts from the office of the Inspector-General of Recruits . All the accounts of this office were kept with the greatest regularity , and all the business of the recruiting of the kingdom was carried on through this office , and by the Inspectors of Recruits in the different districts . By a comparison of these accounts with the accounts of correspondent periods of former years , he found that there was a growing increase , small at first , but at length amounting to an excess in the proportion of two to one . If the noble lord should object to this comparison , because the Parish bill obstructed the recruiting in a former year , then that would be an admission that he had never before made , it having always been stated that the Parish bill did not interfere with the ordinary recruiting . If the noble lord should not so object , then the conclusion was inevitable that the present was the better mode of recruiting . But , then , the hon , gentlemen opposite might say , that this mode of recruiting did not produce as much as the other two , and he should not say that it had . But it produced in the proportion of two to one more than the ordinary recruiting , and the desertion was considerably diminished . Besides , under the Parish bill , men above the standard age , and three inches below the standard size , were received . At present , no men would be received under 5 feet 5 inches . The increase in the recruiting had been progressive , but in the last few weeks it had exceeded the produce of the Parish bill and ordinary recruiting in the correspondent period of last year . There was to that advantage to be added , 502 the amount of the recruiting at head-quarters , which had been finally extinguished by the Parish bill , and of which no returns had been yet procured . He was not aware of any other observation of the noble lord , to which it was at that time necessary for him to advert . Many , he was sure , were worthy of remark , but other opportunities would occur for that purpose . As to the circumstance of the men being entitled of right to the allowance , it had been thought proper that men , who had spent their lives and constitutions in the service of their country , should not be left to the caprice of commanding officers , as to their title to their reward , after a service of 14 or 21 years . The noble lord had observed , that a man who might be disabled after