keep their word , —on our part such opportunities are to be thrown away as have existed for the last three months , and as exist still , had we the spirit to take advantage of them ; if Buonaparte may traverse the continent of Europe to its furthest extremities , and drain France of her last man , relying as fearlessly and as securely upon our supineness , our sloth , and our despondency , as he could have done upon our faithful observance of the stipulations of the most advantageous treaty of peace ; and , lastly , if that disheartening maxim , to which I have already had occasion to refer with sorrow and shame ; that maxim which was so deeply impressed upon the mind of the government , even so long ago as the beginning of the negociation , that it overflowed in confidential communication to France herself ; the maxim that there is nothing so chimerical as any new project of continental confederacy against France ; if that , I say , still prevails , and prevails with all the additional weight which it may have acquired from the unfortunate events which have taken place , since it was first promulgated ; then indeed seeing little to expect from such a war , conducted on such principles , under such auspices , and with no better hopes in the minds of those who have the charge of it , I can in that sense join in expressing my regret at the failure of the negociation ; and with that explanation I am willing to vote for the address as it stands . said , that after the excellent speech of his noble friend ( lord Howick ) which remained in almost every part unanswered , he did not think it necessary to detain the house by many observations . He certainly thought there had been no cause for the surprise expressed by the right hon . gent . who spoke last , at the silence of the side of the house on which he sat , after hearing the speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) . By this silence they had the opportunity of availing themselves of the answer of the right hon . gent . to the opinion of one who thought the French had been sincere in every part of the negociation ; they had the advantage of seeing opposed the opinion of another , who considered the French to have been insincere throughout the whole . One who maintained the uti possidetis was not laid 412 down as a basis by his majesty 's government in the first instance , was answered by another , who maintained that it was rejected by the French negociators at the very outset . It certainly could not be unsatisfactory to his majesty 's ministers , to see the discussion carried on in such a manner that their opponents completely answered each other , and left their cause triumphant . There was another satisfaction they had obtained from the right hon . gent . 's speech , which was his unqualified admission that he was now convinced the overture came from the enemy . He had also expressed some degree of satisfaction at the good faith maintained towards our allies , though that satisfaction he now expressed with some qualification . He feared the effects of an opinion which he supposed to have prevailed on the Continent , that a separation of the interests of this country and Russia had taken place . There had , however , been no secrecy preserved on the situation of Great Britain and Russia , and during the last year it was evident to all the world that their relations never had been more intimate . The right hon . gent . was completely mistaken when he imagined that it was these negociations which had disheartened Prussia , and hurried her into the war with France . No communication made by France to Prussia of what was then passing , if any such communication ever was made , could have produced the effect he had