in a house encompassed with glass windows , so that all his actions might be seen from every side . It might now be said to the noble philosopher , `` there you are in your glass house , but you are so much afraid of the glass being broken , that we must not approach near enough to look at you . '' ( A laugh . ) —He believed he had now said enough to induce the house to vote for the production of this paper . But though he had done this , yet he thought it necessary to enter a little into the subject matter of the order of council , not at this time with a view to persuade the house to adopt any measure which he might think himself called upon to recommend in case his present motion was acceded to , but in order to shew that he had not resolved to move for the production of this paper without reason , and that there were serious grounds for a consideration of it . For this purpose he would call their attention to the order of council of the 7th of January ; he would state that order , and what it recited . The recital was , `` Where- * See vol . vi . p. 575 . 627 as , the French government has issued certain orders which , in violation of the usages of war , prohibit the commerce of all neutral nations with his majesty 's dominions , and also to prevent such nations from trading with any other country in any articles , the growth , produce , or manufacture of his majesty 's dominions ; and whereas the said government has also taken upon itself to declare all his majesty 's dominions to be in a state of blockade ; and whereas such attempts on the part of the enemy would give to his majesty an unquestionable right of retaliation , and would warrant his majesty in enforcing the same prohibition of all commerce with France : and whereas his majesty , though unwilling to follow the example of his enemies , by proceeding to an extremity so distressing to all the nations not engaged in the war , yet he feels himself bound not to suffer such measures to be taken by the enemy without taking some steps on his part to restrain the violence , and to retort upon them the evils of their own injustice . '' After this recital , the paper went on to order , `` that no vessel shall be permitted to trade from one port to another , both which ports shall belong to , or be in possession of France or her allies . '' Here it was stated that we had a full right to retaliate , an assertion which he would not dispute , for he entirely concurred in its justice . On the contrary , he thought that we ought to have retaliated , not on neutrals , but on the enemy , however hard that retaliation might prove upon neutrals . He would not go so far as to say , that if this violation of the law of nations had been merely accidental , or confined to some small territory , that we either had the full right or ought in reason to have applied the same principles universally ; but where the principle was adopted and applied in its widest extent by our enemy , it was the maddest proposition that ever was laid down , that any belligerent power should be restrained by laws which its enemies had renounced . When we turned to the French decree , there was an avowal that they were not to be bound by the law of nations . Here it was necessary to attend to the considerations that induced states to accede to the law of nations . They did it with a view to the interest of nations in general , and of course expected that others would submit to it ; for if others would not , then they suffered a manifest