to ameliorate the condition of the people . When he considered the actual slate of the country , labouring under a grievous weight of burthens , when he called to mind the declarations made at different times by persons high in office , that the people would be called on to sacrifice , not only the comforts , but even the necessaries of life , for the support of the present contest , he should not think that he performed his duty to those who sent him there , if he did not give his entire and cordial support to the motion then before the house , and every other motion of the same description . The noble lord on the bench below him , had said , that it was desirable to continue some sinecure places , as rewards and retreats for meritorious public officers . Whenever gallantry should be displayed , whenever diligence should be exerted , whenever talents should be exercised in the service of the country , whenever eminent merit should be manifested in the conduct of its affairs and interests , he should not be disposed to quarrel with the grant of adequate and liberal rewards in such cases . But these were times when the public money ought not to be lavished upon persons who had not performed any service to deserve remuneration . The people of this country were fully sensible of the blessings that they enjoyed , and of the dangers that threatened 716 them ; and they would be ready to make every effort in support of the present contest . But they had a right to expect indemnity for the past , and security for the future ; they had a right to expect a re-rigid economy in the future application of the public money , not , however , that paltry economy that would narrow the scale of public exertion , and paralise the efforts of the country ; but such an economy , as without confining the indispensable services of the state , would husband the resources of the nation . For the practice of such economy he looked with confidence to the gentlemen on the bench below him . He had no hesitation in uttering this sentiment , because it flowed from a pure source ; the conviction which arose from the manner in which they had received and treated this motion . He trusted that the plan of reformation , which had been so often talked of , was now at length commenced , and that as ministers had declared their intention not to grant places in reversion , they would put an end to the abuse for the present , and prevent all future ministers from adopting the practise . They appeared to him disposed not only to preach , but to practise . highly applauded the disposition manifested by ministers. # x2014 ; The amendment being moved , said , that there then was so little of substantial difference between the motion he had the honour to submit and the amendment proposed by the noble lord , that he was not disposed to press his motion . The objects he had in view would be attained by the amendment . He declared the sincere satisfaction which he felt from the sentiments of the chancellor of the exchequer , and had no doubt that those sentiments would be followed up , not in the abridgment of public liberty , for that he deprecated as much as any man ; but in the reduction of those sinecures which were known to have gone in some instances to such an enormous extent as to have excited the general and just jealousy of the public . hoped that at all events the noble lord and his colleagues would do that which was now in heir power , namely , to prevent the pledging and mortgaging of those sinecure places , which was a system that had heretofore been practised without restraint.—The amendment was then agreed to , and the committee nominated ; to whom 717 were referred the Reports of the Committees of Finance , and the Commissioners