( Mr. Whitbread ) who thinks such a peace as France was now disposed to have given us , a desirable thing , well indeed may he complain that here was an opportunity of entering upon the real business of the negociation thrown away . I , who do not quarrel with the result of the papers in this view , who do not believe that any negociation could have been conducted at this time to a favourable issue , that France had the slightest intention of granting us such a peace , as alone it would have been wise or desirable to accept ; who believe that her sole object was to amuse , and delude us , —to occupy our attention , while she was preparing and maturing her plans for the subjugation of what remained of independent Europe ; I can not but complain of the waste of a single hour after this note of the French plenipotentiaries was received.—I say ; that upon this particular crisis the policy pursued by his majesty 's ministers is wholly unaccountable . Did they mean to make peace if they could ? Let them then answer the hon . gent . ( Mr . Whitbread . ) Why did they not avail themselves of this opening for negociation on their own terms ? Did they think such a peace , as alone they were prepared to accept , hopeless ? —then why protract the discussion a single hour beyond that at which they became acquainted with the utmost that France would concede , and found it insufficient ? —If they wanted nothing but their basis to proceed upon , here it was offered them , subject to the qualifications and conditions which they themselves had all along annexed to it , and which the declaration itself states to have been , from the first to the last , in their contemplation . If they wanted , further , the admission that this basis had been admitted , nay proposed , by France herself before—was it not plain , even from the concession which France had made , that this further concession was one which she never would make ? —And this leads me , sir , to that which is in truth the heaviest charge against ministers , and which I am 399 sure the noble lord ( Howick ) himself feels to be one that it is difficult for them to answer , by the pains that he has taken to anticipate it . 'Where , after all , ' says the noble lord , is the great advantage gained to France , what detriment has been sustained by England in consequence of the protraction of the negociation ? Can the noble lord be serious in this question ? Can it be necessary to argue with the noble lord that the suspense , the anxiety , the uncertainty attendant upon a state of negociation is to any nation matter of inconvenience , but to a commercial country , above all others , of real mischief and distress , from causes too obvious to be particularized ? And if this were all , would not even this require some justification on the part of ministers ; especially when it appears from the perusal of their papers , that weeks and months elapsed of doubt and solicitude to the public , after they had themselves considered the negociation hopeless , after their plenipotentiary had described it as `` a farce ? '' [ p . 173 . ] —But was this all the advantage which France proposed to herself , and which we suffered her to obtain ? Would it were ! What was , what must have been , the policy of France from the moment of the overthrow of the last confederacy ? What but to dissipate the members of that confederacy , and to put them out of the possibility of uniting and acting cordially together again ? Austria , by the fate of war , was , for the time , no object of jealousy . Russia and England remained in their full strength , and remained