to the country , which would be available to any future war . According to the tables of the noble lord it appeared , that taking credit for the annuities that would fall in of 496,006l . and including the taxes proposed by the noble lord , amounting to 2,051,000l . there would be wanted but the sum of 496,810l . to provide for the loans of 18 millions in each of these four years , and as the noble lord had stated , that it was not from any inability to discover new sources of taxation , that he brought forward his system , there could be no difficulty in making a provision to that amount . These two plans were not of his production ; but as that of the noble lord seemed to him to be fraught with ruin to the country , he had thought it his duty to point out how he could escape from the difficulties of his system in pledging the war taxes . The noble lord 's tables stated , that the excesses of the Sinking Fund at the close of the war , which would amount to 9,900,000l . might be applied to setting free so much of the war taxes . This he admitted ; but the ef- 736 fect of such an arrangement would be to consolidate the remainder of the war taxes with the general Debt , and to incorporate the Sinking Fund upon it with the old Sinking Fund . There would be then no fund by which they should be enabled to equalize the Peace Establishment with the Expenditure . The Surplus of the Consolidated Fund would be 3,500,000l . the Land and Malt Tax , 2,750,000l . and the Lottery 450,000l . so that taking the Peace Expenditure at fifteen millions , at the lowest , or at twenty millions , the sum to be provided would in the first case be 8,300,000l . and in the latter 13,300,000l . The system of raising money by double Loans , resembled the usurious terms upon which a distressed man raised money to defray the interest of sums borrowed antecedently . When the noble lord erected his superstructure of two stories on such a basis , he might as well have reared his castle to as many more , like the Indian Pagoda , and by borrowing the interest of the interest of his Supplemental Loans have carried his principle to its ultimate point . It was certainly a most satisfactory consideration , that the noble lord and those who acted with him , now admitted that war might be maintained for twenty years , without adding greatly to the existing burthens of the country . What he had already stated , would save him the necessity of examining the fifth head of comparison , upon which he had proposed to state his sentiments , namely , the comparative state in which the country would be placed by the noble lord 's and the present system . He had made out a good case , that the system by single Loan , with the ordinary Sinking Fund of one per cent . on the capital borrowed , would answer every object proposed by the noble lord in the course of 20 years , and that the system of double loans was in the last degree usurious . The noble lord had dwelt much on the necessity of preserving faith with the Stockholder , and he agreed with him that , though the Stockholder had no right that considerations for him should fetter the decisions of parliament , he yet had a considerable claim on the attention of that house . But the plan of the noble lord was unsecured both with respect to the Stockholder and the public , because , by his own statement , there would be a defalcation in his Sinking Fund in the last ten years . The relief would be given to the Stockholder in the first ten years , ra- 737 ther than in the last , as , after the year 1820 , his Sinking Fund would be declining ;