was then cleared , but the house did not divide , and the motion was negatived . rose pursuant to the notice he had given above a fortnight since , for the purpose of moving for the production of the Order of Council of the 7th of January last , relative to vessels sailing from port to port , such ports respectively being in the possession of France or of her allies ; —a paper which , when produced , the house , he had no doubt , would think deserving of their most serious attention . But , however important the subject , and however serious the consideration which the paper deserved , yet he apprehended that he might appear to want an apology for himself , for having given to the motion which he was about to submit to the house , so much pomp and solemnity , by a notice so extended . Because , when it was understood that this motion was merely for the production of a paper which was already before the public , and known to all ; which must have been in the possession of every one accustomed to enter a coffee-house , or read a newspaper for more than a month , which , in order to give it 621 every possible publicity , authenticity , and authority , had been inserted in the London Gazette ; and which , from its reference to the law of nations , and the regulation of neutral trade , was in its nature calculated to excite attention ; he was apprehensive that those who were not in the house on the other night when this matter was under consideration , might suppose that he was acting an idle and injudicious part , in giving a distant notice of a motion for the production of a document which every one would consider , at the first view , as a thing to be granted of course . In this situation he felt it due to himself to state the real circumstances of the case.—When he first intended to make this motion , he naturally concluded that there could be no objection to it , and that it would of course be complied with , and therefore he gave notice that he would move for the paper on the following day . On his coming to the house for that purpose , the noble lord opposite ( Howick ) very openly and candidly stated that it was his intention to oppose it . He conceived that the ground of objection must be that the paper was already before the public , and that therefore the production of it was useless and unnecessary . But it was admitted that when any subsequent motion was intended to be founded upon any great public document , the regular and ordinary mode of proceeding was to bring that document formally before the house . He therefore found that this was not the ground of objection . He was desirous , however , that the house should be in possession of the real ground , whatever it might be , and therefore requested the noble lord to state openly , whether that was his objection , or whether he had a different one . The noble lord accordingly stated that this was not the ground on which he meant to object to his motion . He admitted that the regular and proper mode of proceeding , with a view to a subsequent motion , was to move , in the first instance , for the production of the document on which it was to be founded . But the noble lord stated , that he would oppose it , because he could not anticipate any measure that could be founded on it , to which he should not feel it his duty to object ; and therefore , he would not even go so far as to countenance that subsequent measure , by acceding to the production of the paper . Under these circumstances , he was unwilling to bring the house prematurely to a discus- 622 sion involving so many