so violently opposed this diminution of expence , now , when it came to be a question about granting some increase of allowance to men who had devoted their lives and impaired their constitutions in the service of their country , wished to dole out that pittance with a niggardly hand , and made it a matter of reproach against him that he had brought forward the measure . He should not , however , fear the reproaches which he might meet with on this score ; but was willing to come with the scroll of the objects and of the expence , and appear before the tribunal of the world and of posterity to answer for their reproach . He would present it , with the utmost confidence that it would meet with their approbation ; and it would be the pride of his life to suppose that he had been instrumental in increasing the comforts of those to whom the nation was so much indebted . He should not envy the noble lord and the gentlemen on the other side , if they could bring forward their schemes and calculations to prove how our brave soldiers could be starved at a much cheaper rate than they could be maintained . The provisions given to the soldiers upon their discharge , had not before been increased since the time of Charles II . and when it was considered that money had been so much depreciated in value since that period , he would ask , why were the defenders of the country by land or by sea to be the only class of those who serve her who are to have no increase of allowance upon that account , or no share in the bounty of the nation ? The calculation of the amount of those sums was not of nearly so much consequence as the great question , Whether it was too much to give for the services that were done ? If it were allowed that the sum was not in itself too great , it could not be fairly argued that the country was not in a state to be able to give its brave defenders a fair and just reward for their services . In considering the class of men that would probably be induced to enter into the army by those regulations , the noble lord began by a very odd and whimsical sort of argument . He had said that this system would only operate on the 496 bargain-making part of society ; that is , on thoughtful and considerate men , who looked somewhat to futurity . It therefore appeared that the noble lord thought that the most valuable class was the thoughtless , the imprudent , and those who were easy to be acted upon by the arts of crimps , or the immediate temptation of a high bounty . In this opinion he must , however , beg leave to differ totally from the noble lord : he considered the high bounties both injurious to the men , who received them for the purposes of debauchery , and still more injurious to the discipline of the army . He also considered , that nothing could be more desirable than to get into the army that thoughtful , considerate , and undebauched class of men , which the noble lord appeared to set so little value on . He therefore thought the expence of the system was not more than was necessary for the objects it had in view , which were ; first , to give an adequate reward and relief to those soldiers that should be disabled or discharged , after having served their appointed time of service ; and , secondly , as a means to bring a supply of the most valuable men on the best terms . As to what had been stated , that the measure had failed , he must absolutely deny it . Since it had been in force , it had raised nearly double the number of men that had been raised during a corresponding period of the last year , and