each had its supporters . It might choose to endeavour to acquire confidence at home and abroad , which could only be done by a system of moderation , or it might consider its security to lie in pursuing that system of aggression , which had marked the progress of that revolution from which its power had arisen . The latter system was that which they adopted , so that scarcely three months had elapsed from the time of signing the treaty till its spirit was violated by repeated aggressions . Ever since that time , these aggressions have been continued , as an instance of which we have only to look at the German Confederation , to which the noble lord has adverted . These , my lords , are considerations which must have the greatest weight in our view of this question , and in reflecting whether it was possible that any peace could have been obtained that could afford permanent security to us and to our allies , or that could be consistent with the honour of this country . Without these objects , peace can not be concluded , for peace without them would be little else than a surrender to the enemy . With regard to the commerce of the country , considered with a view to peace , that undoubtedly in itself is a matter of internal regulation . I can easily suppose that two nations may be at peace with each other , and yet refuse to have any commercial communication . But with regard to France and Great Britain , between which there are so many points of contact , both at home and abroad , I apprehend there can not exist a determined commercial hostility for any great length of time , without producing a degree of irritation which must terminate in war . In contemplating all these considerations , my lords , I can not conceive how , in the present disposition of France , any permanent peace could be obtained . Whatever terms might be granted at the moment , and no honourable terms have as yet been offered , peace must at all events be exceedingly precarious . But in considering this subject , my lords , you will observe , that while you continue at war , you have at least this advantage , that whatever exertions France may make , they must be confined to the continent of Europe . But peace would open to her the way to Asia , 276 Africa , and America . To these at least I hope her power can not extend . Another thing to be considered is , that while you are at war , you are upon perfect equality with your enemies . You are as powerful by sea , as they are by land . But if peace should take place , from the very nature of the two cases , their power would not be made less , while your superiority would be diminishing , for peace would furnish them with the means of advancing in that particular sort of power , in which your superiority is undisputed . I state these things , my lords , not as making against peace absolutely . They are not arguments for eternal war , but they are circumstances that ought to have great weight with us in considering whether what we gain by a peace is a proper compensation for what we lose . But there is another thing , my lords , to which we ought to attend , in considering the question of peace , and the terms to which we are entitled , and that is , the internal situation of this country . The people in general seem to rejoice at the rupture of the negociation ; not , my lords , because they thought war preferable to an honourable peace , but because , from a view of the present state of things , they despair of obtaining an honourable peace . Though war is an evil , they justly consider it as preferable to a hollow and dishonourable peace . Thinking