and Parke , and more especially of the latter , which relate more directly to the scene of the colonial slave trade ; and what–ever use may be made of some pathetic incidents which Parke has related , I will ven–ture to say , that the whole tenour of what he tells us of the Negro nations does not lead to a conviction that we shall better their condition by abandoning this trade . We know that he , after all he had seen , has expressed his doubts upon the subject in the plainest terms—doubts which he would not have expressed had they not been strongly prevalent in his mind . I have read and heard , sir , that we are to look to Parke 's facts , and not to his opinions ; and it has been insinuated , that his editor , Mr. Edwards , has foisted those opinions into the book . It happened to me , sir , once to converse with Mr. Parke , at a meeting of the Linnean society , when this very topic was started , and he assured me , that , not being in the habits of literary com–position , he was obliged to employ some one to put his manuscript into a form fit for the public eye ; but that every sheet of the publication had undergone his strict re–vision , and that not only every fact , but every sentiment of it was his own . What Mr. Parke has written of the Negro na–tions , may be advantageously compared with the comment which Mr. Malthus has connected with it in his book upon Popu–lation . I do not , sir , know the sentiments of Mr. Malthus upon the subject of the slave trade ; but from what I read in his book , I gather no hopes of accomplishing a salutary revolution in the state of society 988 in Africa by the operation of this bill.—I beg pardon of the house for thus trespassing upon its patience , but I think it material to shew that the public has not had a candid summary of the evidence on this question laid before it , in the publications which have been so assiduously circulated . Most heartily do I wish , sir , that every hon . gent . who is to give his vote upon this question to-night , could lay his hand upon his heart , and say that he had attentively perused the evidence which lies upon your table . I do not mean all the voluminous accounts and figures , but that which is substantial evi–dence of facts : that he had consulted the originals , and not relied upon extracts , for I am no friend to extracts , either in litera–ture or morality ; they are seldom made with an intention of leading us impartially into the spirit of the work from which they are selected.—These are my reasons , sir , for doubting whether even a concurrent abolition of the slave trade would erect the Utopia in Africa which the imagination of the abolitionists has projected ; but a par–tial abolition , an abandonment of that small share which we now carry on for the sake of our old colonies , and which we carry on under the strictest regulations for the pre–vention of abuses , can not pretend to have the smallest effect towards that object . It has the double disadvantage of precluding the hope of our ever bringing about a con–current abolition , and of inviting our rivals to assume , as soon as they can , our place in the trade , infinitely to the disadvantage of Africa in point of humanity . It opens the door to France to form and to extend colonies upon terms the most advantageous , and forbids us , under all possible circum–stances , either of our own , or of rival co–lonies , or of Africa , to support and recruit those we possess by an imported population . Is it , sir , a doubt whether France kill greedily avail herself of this opportu–nity ?