be known , as his interference must thereby possess far greater weight and authority . The committee appointed their own chairman ; he as well as the rest , being sworn to a faithful discharge of the trust reposed in them ; and he believed , there was no instance for the 30 years that the act had existed , of a charge of partiality being even alledged against any one committee . He could not , therefore , see any propriety , in altering the law , or in , saying that the person best qualified to judge on such an occasion , as the chairman must naturally be presumed to be , should alone be precluded from speaking and voting equally with the rest of the committee . said , that he conceived the election laws to be of such very great importance , that the house should hear some very cogent reasons indeed urged , before they even allowed a bill to be brought in . He believed his learned friend 's motives were pure and sincere ; but as the subject had engaged much of his ( the Attorney-General 's ) attention , he found himself to be of a very different opinion . In courts of law , the judges were frequently equally divided in opinion , and consequently not able to decide ; but ancient usage had been so much respected , that nobody had ever thought proper to propose any alteration in their constitution . In the year 1775 , Mr. Grenville brought in that act , which gave the casting vote to the president of committees , and even where the numbers were equal , no case of unjust or improper partiality had occurred . His learned friend seemed to aim at theoretical and unattainable perfection . He appeared inclined to render the very person who was likely to be most intelligent amongst that committee , 698 a mere nonentity . Supposing that a committee were to be reduced to 14 , by the indisposition of any one of their number , would his learned friend propose to have the matter decided , by giving a casting or double vote to one of those 7 , with whom the chairman was not united in opinion , in preference to having it determined by the others , with whom he agreed ? Why not give a double vote to the chairman , as well as to any of the other members of a committee , when found necessary ? here rose , and said , that as he plainly saw the opinion of the house was different from his own , he should withdraw the motion he had proposed—It was accordingly withdrawn . hoped , that the fate of the motion which had just been disposed of , would not have any influence upon that which he rose to make . The object of his motion was to make the notices at present required by an order of that house , respecting the entering into recognizances , a part of the law . The house would be more disposed to agree to his bill , as the effect of it would be to put an end to its interference in such cases , on applications for extending the time for receiving recognizances . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend so much of the act of the 28th of his majecty , as relates to Recognizances . did not think the object of the noble lord 's measure corresponded with its title . It would not alter nor amend the act of the 28th of the king , because there was no mention of notices in that act , neither was there any provision in it , respecting the time for presenting petitions . These matters were settled by the regulations of that house , which all parties who came before it as petitioners , were bound to make themselves acquainted with . As there did not appear to him to be any necessity for an act of parliament on the subject , or to make