for he was no an accredited negotiator , but to some other part from whence his majesty 's ministers 330 might have had news of him , and of the issue of the negociation with which he was entrusted , in a fortnight after the close of the proceedings . He wished he had had provisional instructions how he should act in the event of the conclusion of a separate treaty by D'Oubril . Then he would have been `` in utrumque paratus . '' But it was not till the fact of the signature of the separate treaty was known to all the courts of Europe , that instructions were sent to him how to regulate his conduct upon that event . Shortly after , lord Lauderdale was joined with him in the management of the negociation . He had too long an acquaintance with that noble lord , too high a value upon that acquaintance , too high a sense of his talents and his character , to feel hurt upon that appointment . He owned that some men might have felt themselves hurt at the conduct of his majesty 's ministers in the matter ; but he had too high a respect for the noble lord , to allow him to see that he felt himself from that time to be a mere dead letter ; besides , he dreaded , that if he should withdraw from the negociation , new difficulties and fresh coldness , and want of confidence would arise . No one could doubt that the opportunity was favourable for the conclusion of a more glorious peace than had at any other time been offered to this country . We had broken off in the consideration of Dalmatia and Sicily . Our engagements with the emperor of Russia were the ground of this tenacity , and our engagements with the king of Naples , and the intrinsic value of the island of Sicily itself . It was not very easy to justify the breaking off a negociation so essential to the repose of two great nations , without the proof of having made every reasonable attempt to bring it to a favourable issue . What we thought due to the honour of Russia , certainly could not wear an unfavourable appearance when proposed by us , but we should be informed whether Russia herself set an equal value upon what we insisted upon , from a sense of her regarding it with equal estimation . When the king of Naples entered into the war , with a view to the common interests of nations , he was naturally defended by a great part of the disposeable force of this empire at a vast expence . He wished we could be told that we were at war , because the emperor of Russia disapproved of the terms offered for himself or for the king of Naples . What would the country think when we were told , that more glorious terms than had 331 ever before been offered , had been rejected at a time when we had failed in every continental attempt , merely on the ground of this one impediment ? But was it to be supposed that the king of Naples would not have been extremely happy to exchange Sicily , from which he might easily be expelled by France at a favourable opportunity , for some possession which the maritime superiority of Great Britain would always be sufficient to preserve to him , or some one which , by its own territorial power , would be sufficient to maintain itself ? Dalmatia and Albania had been offered to the king of Naples , and it was not clear , if the attempt had been made , but the Balearic Isles might have been annexed to these : Dalmatia would have excited more jealousy if given to Russia , than if given to Austria or Naples . If it was clear that the war was continued because justice would not be done to our allies , there would be no doubt as to the resolution the house ought to come to ;