expenditure ? He had always been of opinion , that the noble lord 's supposition , that 32 millions would be sufficient prospectively for the country , was totally fallacious , and he had , therefore , recommended to the noble lord to assume a larger expenditure for the purpose of guarding against a failure in his statements . replied by appealing to every gentleman who bad heard him , whether he had not distinctly excepted extraordinary expenditure by subsidies , and produced by a bill of stores and other articles , from his estimate of 32 millions ? He wished again to set himself right with the right hon . gent . and the house on this point . The expenditure of the present year afforded the only comparatively certain data whereon to found any calculation of the prospective expenditure of the country . The expenditure in subsidies could not be anticipated , and therefore ought not to have been taken into any certain calculation . observed , that the noble lord had kindled with the warmth of a generous mind at the charge of fallacy ; but this was not meant in any individious sense . The event had proved , that from some cause or other the expenditure could not be confined to 32 millions . If the idea , therefore , had gone out among the public , that this criterion was correct , there was , no doubt , a fallacy with respect to the public . He asked , whether the 500,000l . subsidy to Russia was in consequence of the treaty of 1805 , or any new treaty ? [ Mr. Vansittart intimated that it was in consequence of the old treaty . ] Then he would 1079 wish to know whether the 80,000l . to Prussia was the whole that was intended to be given , or whether it was the commencement of something further ? If it was only a previous step to something further , he meant to propose a motion on that subject . He thought that subsidies to Prussia in the present state of that country would be wasting money . It would produce no good whatever : the fortresses , for the preservation of which this 80,000l . had been given , had been captured , and there were little hopes that any assistance of this sort would be of service . replied , that it was to wind up the account of former years . He entered into a short explanation of the subject before the committee ; after which the resolutions were agreed to , and the house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . brought up the report of the committee of supply . The resolutions ( grants for the service of Ireland ) were read and agreed to , until the resolution for granting the sum of 13,000l . for defraying the charge of the Roman catholic seminary at Maynooth , in Ireland ; on which a discussion arose . rose to oppose the said grant . Since he had last stated his opinion to the house on that subject , he had taken no slight means of acquiring information , and the result of his enquiry went more stedfastly to fix the motives of his opposition . It was not the amount of the sum , increased as it was in the present instance , that solely excited his bostility ; it was in the growing nature of the demand , that he saw the strongest ground of alarm . As the Irish parliament had thought such a measure of policy advisable , he was still willing to retain the principle of meeting that determination ; indeed , the united legislature were bound by the principles of good faith to continue the grant . But there was a wide difference between the allowance of a grant , averaged annually at 8000l. , and the concurrence in demands , which were progressively increasing , and has , in the present estimate , actually amounted to 13,000l . There was , in his mind , another very strong