Might they not become a most formidable body ? and what step could you take to cure or correct the evil you thus improvidently created ? —Sir , I can not look forward to such a situation without great dread and apprehension , nor can I consent to break that chain , which , with all its imperfections and disadvantages , binds the different classes of society indissolubly together , and which I hope to preserve undissolved , and to be able to render light.—If then , sir , a total and immediate abrogation of your poor-laws is out of the question , and if no practicable plan presents itself for their gradual abolition , what remains to be done ? Why , sir , `` thinking it unadvisable to abolish the poor-laws , I have endeavoured to obtain a general knowledge of those principles which render them inefficient in their humane intentions , and to apply it so far as to modify them , and regulate their execution , so as to remove many of the evils with which they are accompanied , and make them less objectionable . '' [ Malthus , vol . ii . p . 552 . ] In proposing to the house my ideas on the sub 875 ject , I am happy that I have it in my power previously to inform them , that I shall urge nothing which has not the sanction of the highest authority to recommend it , or the support of long-tried experience and practice to justify its adoption . Sir , my wish is not to get rid of the poor-laws , but , I think , by taking proper steps , they may hereafter become almost obsolete . And I am sanguine enough to hope that if what I have to propose should meet with the concurrence of parliament , in the lapse of half a century they would be little used ; but I would have such a code always remain upon your statute book , in order that there might be a sure and legal refuge under any change of circumstances , or society , for indigence and distress.—The principles on which I would proceed , to effect this most desireable object , are these : to exalt the character of the labouring classes of your community , To give the labourer consequence in his own eyes , and in those of his fellows , to make him a fit companion for himself , and fit to associate with civilized men . To excite him to acquire property , that he may taste its sweets ; and to give him inviolable security for that property , when it is acquired . To mitigate those restraints which now confine and cramp his sphere of action . To hold out a hope of reward to his patient industry . To render dependent poverty , in all cases , degradation in his eyes , and at all times less desirable than independent industry.—Having accomplished this first grand object , I would endeavour to lighten the burthens which must inevitably be borne , by making their distribution more equal . I would propose some material alterations in the mode of affording relief ; to put some of your present institutions on a more orderly footing , and to enable you to distinguish between your criminal , and innocently necessitous poor.—In pursuing these objects , it has been my wish , and I hope I have succeeded , to steer clear of all new sources of litigation ; not to disturb any of those decisions of the courts of justice which have formed the guide for the conduct of magistrates , and those intrusted to their care ; and not , in the smallest degree , to alter or vary the ancient boundaries and divisions of the kingdom . I should further add , that I do not intend to regulate for any of those places whose concerns are provided for by special acts of parliament.—Sir , there is another principle upon which I wish to proceed , and in which I hope I shall ob- 876 tain the