by lord Lauderdale , who in the interval between the two conferences held a long conversation with M. Talleyrand ; in which some strong expressions were used by the French minister relative to the determination formed by the emperor , not to cede any part of the French dominions , and a surprise , not altogether unwarrantable , I think , was expressed by M. Talleyrand , ( p. 173 ) that no impression was made upon lord Lauderdale , and that he did not feel 358 that in obtaining Malta , the Cape , and Hanover , England would make a glorious peace . Still the unfortunate basis stopped every avenue to discussion ; and is again insisted upon in a paper delivered by lord Lauderdale on the 29th ( p. 175 ) . On that day the conferences were renewed , and although , according to the account given by lord Lauderdale himself , the tone of France was wonderfully lowered , and she appeared willing to make large concessions ; his lordship 's mouth was shut , and all debate upon the substance of the thing was precluded , by the old and worthless demand of the previous recognition.—Sir , I deeply lament the fatality which attended the introduction of this indispensable condition . I lament the false sense of punctilious honour , which did not use the means of relieving the difficulty which occurred on the 11th of August . I lament its anxious influence at this moment , which prevented the two countries from ascertaining whether their long and bloody differences could be reconciled or not . I lament that lord Lauderdale , at the conclusion of a conference , which , according to his own account , was of a nature more pacific than any which had previously taken place , should have felt himself under the necessity of drily asserting , that he must terminate his mission ( p. 177 ) ; and I should indeed have been astonished if he could have withstood the warm remonstrance of M. Champagny , and have absolutely refused all further intercourse.—On the day proposed for further conversation , M. Talleyrand announced to lord Lauderdale , in a manner acknowledged to have been frank and candid , that news had arrived of the refusal , on the part of Russia , to ratify M. D'Oubril 's treaty [ No . 46 , page 180 ] ; and the orders of the emperor to inform his lordship that this event would dispose France to make peace upon terms more advantageous to England than she would otherwise have offered . Whatever any hon . gent . may see of trick , contrivance , finesse , or chicane in the conduct of France in every other part of this history , I think no one will be so unfair as to deny , that in this particular point before us at least , the conduct was natural and ingenuous . At the same moment , sir , it appears that the intelligence of this event reached England ; and a dispatch with instructions was forwarded to the English plenipotentiary at Paris , signed by earl Spencer.—Lord Lau- 359 derdale very properly deferred any renewal of the conferences till he should have received such instructions as the English cabinet might think proper to send in consequence of the event which had been then so recently made known . These instructions were communicated in a dispatch signed by Mr. Secretary Windham , dated Sept. 10 , of which we have an extract . [ No . 48 , p . 181 . ] —Sir , I must beg to call the attention of the house most particularly to this paper , because it completely bears out many of the arguments with which I have troubled you in the earlier part of my speech . But I can not help observing upon the remark made in the first part of this extract on the communication made by M. Talleyrand to lord Lauderdale . Sir , it was the avowed policy of France to detach you from Russia , if she could : —to