successors ; and setting forth , that , if the same should pass into a law , it will totally deprive the petitioners of their chartered rights and privileges , which they obtained 842 for a valuable consideration ; and therefore praying , that they may be heard , by their counsel , against the said bill passing into a law ' . Ordered , that the said petition do lie upon the table until the said bill be read a second time ; and that the petitioners be then heard , by their counsel , against the said bill , upon their petition , if they think fit.—Mr . Patteson seeing the right hon . secretary to the treasury in his place , wished to ask , whether it was the intention of government to continue , or make any alteration in , the duties imposed on Malt last session , which would expire on the 25th of next Month ? Mr. Vansittart informed the hon . member , that the subject had occupied the earnest attention of the Treasury , and that it would shortly be his duty to bring the question under the consideration of the house.—Mr Vansittart presented to the house , pursuant to their orders , 1 . `` A return of the number 'of men wanting to complete the establishment of the regular army on the 1st Januaary 1805 , 1806 , and 1807 , distinguishing the British from the foreign troops , and the cavalry from the infantry . 2 . A return of the number of persons employed on the 1st January 1807 , to levy men for the army under the orders of the 27th October 1806 , distinguishing whether on half pay , retired from the army , or not having at any time held a commission therein ; specifying the number of men raised in each month by such persons : 3 . A return of the number of casualties by deaths , discharges , and desertions , which have taken place in the regular army , from the 1st January 1805 to the 1st January 1807 , distinguishing each year ; also specifying the dates to which the casualties have been reported from the several foreign stations ; 4 . A return of the number of desertions which have taken place in the army at home during the years 1805 and 1806 , distinguishing each month , and specifying the number of men in each month out of which such desertions have taken place ; 5 . A return of the number of out pensioners on the establishment of Chelsea Hospitals , distinguished into their respective classes as to amount of pension , as estimated at Christmas 1806 : 6 . A return of the number of men for whom bounty has been charged , as enlisted at the head quarters of the several regiments serving in Great Britain , from the 25th of September to the 24th of Decem- 843 ber 1806 inclusive , so far as the Accounts have been received ' . pursuant to notice , rose to move for certain papers relative to abuses in the barrack department . As the papers he had to move for were precisely the same as those which had been ordered last session , but which , in consequence of the dissolution of parliament , could not be regularly returned to the present parliament , he did not apprehend any objection to his motion . But as it had appeared to some of his friends that he was too anxious in prosecuting the inquiry into this subject , he should make one or two observations in answer to such opinions . Four years had elapsed since he had first recommended and pressed an inquiry into the expenditure department , and since that period six millions had been granted for that service in Great Britain , and two millions for Ireland . If his suggestions had been acted upon , there would have been a saving of two millions effected for the public , out of the sums paid for the hire of buildings , the repairs of buildings