by indisposition ; and Mr. Robarts was excused for having absented himself on the above-mentioned days.—Mr . Yorke as chairman of the Weymouth Election committee , reported that the sitting members were duly elected , and that the petition against them was not frivolous or vexatious.—Sir G. Heathcote , chairman of the Maldon Election committee , reported that Mr. L. Hughes , a member of the said committee , had absented himself , on the ground that his presence was necessary in the country , in consequence of the alarming indisposition of his father . Sir R. Williams deposed to his belief of the fact , and Mr. Hughes was excused from further attendance ; and the committee empowered to proceed without him.—On the motion of Lord Howick , the thanks of the house were voted to the Rev . Frederick Barnes , the Chaplain , for the excellent sermon preached before the house , at St. Margaret 's Church , on Friday . Mr. Barnes was requested to print the same.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the house went into a committee on the acts relating to the mutual Importation of Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland . Mr. V. adverted 604 to the act of union which had wisely provided that all articles of the growth and produce of either country , should be received in the other , on paying the same charges as were paid on the home production of the same kind . The drawbacks on the spirit intercourse between England and Ireland had been regulated on this principle . But the duties being lower in Scotland than in England , advantages had been taken in consequence , which went to defraud the revenue in England , and to impede the distilleries in Ireland . With a view to correct these evils , he should move , that the chairman be instructed to move for leave to bring in a bill to suspend , for a time to be limited , the drawbacks on the mutual importation of spirits between Great Britain and Ireland ; and also to suspend the countervailing duty on the importation of the Irish spirits into Scotland , so as to give the Irish distiller a fair competition with the Scotch and English . The chairman reported , and leave was given to bring in a bill accordingly.—Lord Folkestone gave notice , that to-morrow he would move for leave to bring in a bill to constitute into a law the regulation of the house for giving notice to parties in cases of Controverted Election.—Mr . Rose gave notice , that on Wednesday he should move for certain financial papers , calculated to afford information which was requisite to satisfy doubts which were entertained as to the first Financial Resolution submitted by the noble lord opposite , on Friday . In answer to lord Henry Petty , Mr. Rose stated that the accounts he wished for were intended to show the quantity of certain articles imported before the commutation . in rising , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the further regulation of the office of Treasurer of the Navy , did not think it necessary to go at length into the grounds of his motion , as the facts which rendered such a bill necessary were within the knowledge of the house . On a recent occasion , doubts had been entertained by the Judges as to the construction of the act of his present majesty , which was intended to prevent the Treasurer of the Navy from making any extraordinary emolument of the public money entrusted to his charge for official purposes . It was necessary to remove those doubts , and though some hesitation had existed as to the best means of removing them , no doubt whatever was 605 entertained of the fact that they ought to be removed . A short act of parliament had , at length , been determined upon as the best mode of removing them , and of regulating the future management of the navy money , in the manner best adapted to the