motion as that before the house , and to such a discussion which the mover professed to have in view . The noble lord concluded with disclaming the construction applied by the hon . baronet ( sir T. Turton ) to the words of his learned friend ( sir John Nicholls ) , namely , that he had stated ministers to have an ulterior measure in view , upon the subject of this order . He did not understand any such thing from his learned friend . All he had said was , that if the order referred to in the motion should be found not to answer the end in view , further measures would be resorted to ; and no doubt they would . There could be no reason to apprehend that his majesty 's ministers would hesitate to adopt any measures that should be thought necessary , from the fear of any government whatever . in reply , declared that he must think it impossible that he could have been so completely misconceived by any person who had heard him deliver his sentiments upon the present subject , as he appeared to be by the noble lord who had just sat down . The only way in which he could possibly account for the noble lord having delivered the speech he did , and apparently directed as an answer to him ( Mr. Perceval ) , was , that he supposed his lordship had adopted a mode which was very frequently , nay , generally , adopted by the ablest orators , of considering what objections could possibly be urged against the statements which he had laid down . In making this calculation , he had evidently anticipated the arguments which were to be advanced on this side of the house ; he had accordingly formed his answer to these imaginary objections , and the anecdote of Sinbad the sailor his lordship thought to be so extremely applicable to his purpose , that he could not possibly let slip the opportunity of relating it to the house . The hon . and learned gent . then entered into a minute reply to all the observations that had been advanced in support of the refusal to produce the order in council . Several of the assertions that had been laid to his charge , he felt it to be a duty which he owed to himself , most positively to deny . Then , as to the declaration which had been made by a noble earl on the other side ( earl Temple ) , that , if this motion were to have been followed up by another for the removal of his majesty 's ministers , that then and then only , he would have given it his support ; this really appeared to him to be so extravagant , that it would lead to this conclusion , that parliament would be so circumscribed that , unless the member who called for a paper in some degree implicating the conduct of ministers were prepared immediately to move for an address , praying that such ministers should be dismissed from his majesty 's councils ; unless this were the case , parliament could never hope to be put in possession of any paper which had a tendency , in the slightest degree , to reflect on the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . With respect to another argument , that a measure should not be enquired into , while it was in the progress of its execution ; if this inference were correct , then every address which was ever moved for in that house , praying that a concl sion might be put to a war , on account of its circumstances , and its manner of being con- 656 ducted , was erroneous ; the house should never have said a word upon the subject of the war at that time ; no , they should have waited till the war was ended , before they should have presumed to have seriously entertained a motion of that nature . What he had said was ,