and preserved the order and harmony of all its parts . Undoubtedly it was not to be supposed , that , because we had lived happily in times when the public liberty was secure , and the privileges of this house unendangered , that it was therefore unimportant to choose a man as speaker of the house of commons , who was intimately acquainted with all the parts of the British Constitution . In the exercise of this privilege , they should not shut out from their view , that the happiness of the people , and the interests of the empire , depended in a great degree , on their choice . They should not merely , because they happened to live in quiet times , leave objects of such magnitude to accidental events . They should , by the wisdom of their choice , guard against the possibility of future evils . It was peculiarly necessary that he who was placed in the chair of the house of commons , should be intimately acquainted with the constitution of the country , in order that he might be sensible of those slight deviations , which in the end introduced great and material alterations . It was only by such an intimate acquaintance that any man could estimate the importance of small changes , and know how in the first instance to check and repress them . Therefore , among the qualifications of a speaker a perfect acquaintance with the constitution of the country was a first and indispensable one . Whoever was intimately acquainted with the constitution , could not but become more and more attached to it , and in proportion as he developed its secret springs , contemplate it as the source of public happiness . Unquestionably too , an extensive acquaintance with the history of the country , and a perfect knowledge of its constitutional , or parliamentary history , was requisite . It must also be obvious to every one , that the speaker of the house of commons should be a man who had sagacity and penetration to decide on the instant ; that he should be possessed of an uncommon degree of recollection and memory , a soundness of judgment , a temper 8 not to be ruffled , and a suavity of manners , It was unnecessary for him to mention how peculiarly the right hon . gent . who had been proposed was gifted with all these qualities . The recollection of those who had known him during the late sessions would supply abundant instances in which they had been conspicuously exerted . He might mention various other qualifications , but they had been alluded to by his right hon . friend . There was one with respect to which he could not avoid saying a word or two . He referred to those peculiar qualifications which characterized the proposed speaker for what , by rather a misapplication of the term , was called Private Business . Certainly , compared with those great questions which constantly occupied the attention of the house , it might with propriety be denominated private business . The house was always engaged upon subjects of national importance ; but there were matters of private business , which , although they did not attract observation , were no less essential to the interests of the public . It was not merely the value of the property at stake , though it would excite astonishment if he were to state the amount of the property decided upon by the committees of the house , but there was something in such decisions even of more importance than any pecuniary sum could give an idea of . It was , that the character of parliament itself was in a considerable degree concerned in the variety of questions that arose concerning the property of individuals . Of those questions he was well persuaded no person was better qualified to judge than the right hon . gent . who had been proposed as speaker . If those questions were decided in a summary way , without a just sense of the importance