. I expected and was disposed to find the cause of the English government triumphant ; the conduct of the government of France without justification or apology.—If , with such previous impressions , I am not satisfied that England is undeniably in the right , and France as completely in the wrong ; if I think that , under any imaginable circumstances , it is the height of impolicy to declare that all hope of peace must be abandoned ; how can I vote for the Address which is now proposed to you , or how can I refrain from stating the arguments which induce me to differ from those I so much respect and admire , and whom it has hitherto been my pride to support ? —Nothing which I can have to utter will be more painful than this , that I think I perceive in the beginning and the conclusion of the negociation recently terminated , a 342 character perfectly distinct.—The house , sir , has already heard a great deal of the details contained in these papers , and I should be unwilling to detain you by any unnecessary recurrence to the particulars of what has passed ; but I trust I shall be excused if in my present situation I should dwell somewhat minutely on those parts of the transaction which at least justify my own conduct to myself . I have spared no pains to inform myself , I have omitted no opportunity which has offered of being either persuaded or convinced , but in vain.—I may be allowed , Mr. Speaker , to indulge in the effusion of my heart , relative to the opening of the correspondence , with the French government . Sir , it was not any disposition to ogle for peace , as it has been called by the hon . gent. , which induced Mr. Fox either to invent ( for to that length it has been carried by some ) or to give information of the circumstance which gave rise to his first letter to M. Talleyrand . It was the spontaneous act of that noble and generous heart , impelled by no motive but that of the pure and exalted benevolence with which it at all times overflowed.—Had he then thought peace as impossible as I am sorry to say my noble friend has now represented it to be ; nay , had it happened at a much earlier period , and he could have foreseen , and have been sure that the battles of Marengo , Austerlitz , and Auerstadt could have been prevented by the perpetration of a deed so foul ; he would have rejected it with the same indignation , and made the communication , which might counteract it , with a feeling of abhorrence as strong , and an alacrity as decided as in the instance before us . As an admirer of the qualities of Mr. Fox 's head and heart , I am glad such an opportunity was afforded of exhibiting to mankind his genuine philanthropy in its brightest colours.—This letter , sir , however , produced the correspondence , which forms the first part of the papers submitted to our consideration : and in all these letters , written by Mr. Fox 's hand , there is exhibited a model of frankness , simplicity , wisdom , and resolution . It is obvious , that the proposal to negotiate , came from the French government , and that the basis suggested was the treaty of Amiens [ No.4 . of the Papers laid before Parliament , p . 93 . ] By the address of Mr. Fox , this basis , which as he truly said , might have been the source of endless difference and dispute , was immediately superseded , and the true 343 basis of all treaties proposed ; namely , `` that the treaty should be reciprocally honourable to both countries and their allies . '' [ No . 4 , p . 94 . ] At the same time , it was explicitly stated by Mr. Fox , that England could not negociate