, my lords , I most particularly approve of the conduct of the government , in the good faith which it has maintained with respect to our allies . And if Russia had insisted upon the evacuation of Dalmatia by the French , and if that were the only point of difference between us and the French government , I have no hesitation in saying that , upon that point alone , ministers would have been fully justified in breaking off the negociation . I have always thought , and maintained , my lords , that if there was any point which ought to be attended to more than another , if there was any point which ought to be insisted on in preference 271 to every thing except our own vital interests , that point was , that Dalmatia and Istria , formerly dependencies of the Venetian states , should be evacuated by the French troops . In these points then I most unequivocally agree with the noble lord who has proposed the address . But while I say this , I beg not to be understood as approving all that passed in the course of this negociation . Where we approve of the general result , we may still differ materially as to some particular parts . At the same time I am perfectly ready to allow , that where we do approve of the general principles that pervade the whole , and of the practical result , we ought not to be too fastidious respecting modes , or too particular in searching out minute and comparatively trifling errors . This I declared on a former occasion , and I still adhere to the opinion which I then expressed . But when a declaration is solemnly made to the public , which is not borne out by the papers now on your table , I must confess that this appears to me no trifling matter , and therefore it makes a most material difference . I allude , my lords , to the declaration of his majesty , where it is stated that the French , from the outset of the negociation , agreed to proceed upon the basis of actual possession , subject to the interchange of such equivalents as might be for the advantage and honour of the two countries . Now I confess that , after a most careful examination of these papers , I have found nothing in the whole of them that can be considered as a certain and unequivocal foundation for such a declaration . Before the arrival of lord Yarmouth in London , the basis of actual possession was so far from being agreed upon , that another very different was expressly stated to be the grounds upon which the French government would enter upon a negociation . Lord Yarmouth , indeed , gives a statement in writing as a conversation which he had with Talleyrand , and he , no doubt , firmly believed that Talleyrand had proposed the basis of actual possession . But in looking over the papers , and examining with all the attention in my power the written account which the noble lord has given of that conversation , I can find nothing that can afford a distinct , precise , and unequivocal proof that the basis of actual possession was clearly agreed to by the French minister . The words are : `` Vous l'avez , nous ne vous la demandons pas . `` —But in order to affix the proper and precise meaning to these words , we must look 272 at the context , and this shews that the words are not general , but that they refer only to Sicily specifically . But I confess , that though the words had been general , yet I should not have considered the mere verbal declaration of any minister , without any written document on the subject from him , by which he could be bound , as a sufficient ground to warrant the assertion , that the basis of the uti possidetis was actually and distinctly agreed to by the French government .