would ask , had no new occurrences taken place , which ought to influence opinion and govern the judgement ? Did the rebellion in Grenada , the Charib insurrection in St. Vincents , the Maroon war in Jamaica , and , above all , the revolution in St. Domingo , afford no lesson , no experience by which our decision might be guided ? It could be clearly shewn , that the latter most disastrous event had its origin in , and was accelerated by , doctrines similar to those which were now espoused in this country , first promulgated in France , and afterwards most industriously disseminated , until , in their natural course , they buried that devoted and ill-fated colony in devastation and ruin . In a case of so much moment to the parties , he also contended , that they had a right , an undoubted right , to be patiently heard in their own defence ; and he must , therefore , regret , that those highly respectable characters who were offered as witnesses at the bar , had not been received . The mode in which the question had been treated , he ( Mr. H. ) strongly deprecated , Out of doors , the grossest exaggeration and misrepresentation had been resorted to , and in that house , declamation was substituted for argument , and pathetic addresses to the feelings for sound reasoning . The noble lord who introduced the bill , had set the example , which had been universally followed , and an hon . and learned gent . ( the solicitor-general ) had been carried so far by the spirit of disingenuous animadversions , that he did not scruple to ascribe all the laws of the colonial legislatures which had been passed for the security and protection of the negroes , to an insidious design merely to impose on the public of this country , with the view of stifling farther enquiry or discussions as to slavery , and , as he alledged , none of them were put in force . To a man acquainted with the facts , such an assertion appeared monstrous ; and when that learned gent . quoted the words of an obsolete law of Barbadoes to shew the estimation in which , in legal language and proceedings , negroes were held , it would have been more candid had he at the same time stated the date of that law , and mentioned that it was passed upwards of a century ago . Even the hon . member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , in a recent publication , had been compelled to admit that the consolidated slave law of Jamaica 1043 was enacted previous to the agitation of the question of Abolition , and could not therefore have been framed with the intent imputed to the West-Indians by the solicitor-general . To that law he ( Mr. H. ) would refer for a refutation of such . charges : let its provisions be examined , and it would be seen , whether the interests and protection of the slaves were so completely over-looked as had been asserted . So much for the means which had been employed for the accomplishment of this measure.—With regard to its general tendency and result , he would not hesitate to affirm , than it must prove as little beneficial to the Africans themselves , as it would be injurious to the colonial interests and naval superiority of the empire . Throughout the whole discussion , cause and effect had been studiously blended ; slavery-with the slave trade . The slave trade in Africa was the result of slavery , and slavery was produced by the barbarism of the inhabitants . History , ancient and modern , proved the universal existence of slavery in all the countries of Africa , inhabited by negroes , and that this system prevailed ages before the commencement of the European slave-trade . Mr. Parke , the favourite author of the abolitionists , informed us , that three-fourths of the negroes were in a state of slavery ; and from one