received through lord Yarmouth , and which neither this house nor the public have yet seen . From these communications this country and Europe will be 71 able to judge upon what conditions we proposed to treat ; also what points the French minister acceded to , and what points he afterwards retracted.—As to the proposition of the uti possidetis , that will be fully explained by the correspondence which we have to lay before the house . In the French publication of the papers , you will observe an immense chasm from the month of June till the arrival of lord Lauderdale : during that interval , lord Yarmouth was at Paris , not , to be sure , as an accredited minister , and therefore no formal notes were interchanged ; but we have his dispatches regularly transmitted to us , and which elucidate the nature of his communications with the French minister , particularly relative to our demand of negociating in conjunction with Russia . This is a demand from which we never swerved , until the treaty of M. D'Oubril rendered it unnecessary for us to persist in that condition . But , even then , we consented only in order to prevent farther delay , to enter into a provisional negociation , until the opinion of the Russian court should be ascertained . That the fidelity of that government could not be shaken , was soon made evident . Our disposition to make an adequate return for such fidelity , can not in any part of this transaction , be for one moment questioned . When the object of the negociation , and the peace to which it was once expected to lead , was to cement our alliance with this great and honourable government , to check the farther aggrandisement of French power , and to restore and secure what remained of independence in Europe , among others of course , the states of Prussia , I am astonished that the right hon . gent . should manifest such a decided temper of hostility to that negociation , and to an address which proposes to thank his majesty for commencing and pursuing it with such benevolent , wise , and exalted views . But , the whole history of this negociation will form the most complete answer to the hon . gent . 's objections , and the best antidote to the unbecoming sarcasms which the hon . gent . has thought proper to deal out , particularly against the conduct of my illustrious predecessor , who is most unaccountably censured for a want of that simplicity and manliness of character which are most strikingly obvious in his letters . That my right hon . friend made no concealment of a negociation with France at the time he brought down the 72 message relative to Prussia , because in fact no negociation was then on the tapis , and that his conduct was in this , as in every instance of his life , plain , open , and manly , a simple statement of the fact may fully demonstrate . The hon . gent . 's attack , therefore , is powerless with regard to my deceased friend . But the attacks of the hon . gent . are general . Among the rest , he has thought proper to level his shafts at me ; not , however , in his speech . He reserved me for his address , where he complains of predatory squadrons being allowed to maraud without interruption , among our West-India colonies . He has not , however , stated the amount of these squadrons , the amount of the mischief they have done , nay more , the means by which they were able to get out of port . Now , the fact is , that the squadrons alluded to by the hon . gent. , were at sea before I was appointed to the admiralty . One squadron sailed in Oct. 1805 , and the other on the 11th of Dec. following : and when I came to the admiralty there was not a