legal right was vested in the South-Sea Company : but under all the circumstances of the case , he could not conceive that a doubt could exist as to the policy and expediency of the present bill . Lord Redesdale did not mean to pledge himself as to any opinion upon the subject , but conceived that the petitioners having legal rights which would be affected by this bill , were entitled to be heard by counsel . Lord Auckland gave notice , that he should move the second reading of the bill to-morrow , if the printed copies of it were then on the table . Conceiving the hearing of counsel to be to totally unnecessary , he should oppose any motion for that purpose . The petition was ordered to lie on the table . The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received from major-general sir John Stuart , the following letter , in return to the thanks of this house , signified to him , in obedience to their commands of the 22d of December last : — '' Baker Street , 28th Feb. 1807 . Sir ; it is since my return to England that I have been honoured with an authenticated copy of your letter of the 24th Dec. ( of which the original had been addressed from Mr. secretary Windham 's office to the Mediterranean ) , transmitting the unanimous vote of thanks of the house of commons of the 22d of the same month , to the general and other officers , to the troops , and to myself , in token of its satisfaction at the conduct and result of the action with the French forces , on the 4th of July last , on the plains of Maida in Calabria . I shall fulfil a most grateful duty in obeying the command of the house , to communicate to the army , as above directed , the great and public 1055 honour by which their discipline and gal lantry on that occasion have been remune rated . And I venture to anticipate the sen timents of pride and gratitude they must feel , conjointly with myself , on thus receiving , in the unanimous thanks of parliament , the most distinguished and most expressive token of national approbation to which a British soldier can possibly be encouraged to aspire . While I presume to request you , sir , to become the channel of conveying to the house my individual impressions on this subject , I am to solicit that you will receive also the expression of my own acknowledgement for the flattering terms of personal compliment with which you have been pleased to notify to me the high distinction conferred upon me in the Resolutions . I have the honour to be , & c. J. Stuart , major-general. '' —Mr . Walter Jury was , according to order , brought to the bar , where he received a reprimand from the speaker , and was ordered to be discharged out of custody , paying his fees . The reprimand was as follows ; viz . `` Walter Jury ; A select committee of this house , appointed to try and determine the merits of a petition , complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Maidstone , have reported , that you being called before them as a witness , did upon your examination misbehave your self , grossly prevaricating , and refusing to give evidence . For that offence you were thereupon ordered into custody ; and by this house afterwards committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate . The tribunal before which you were summoned , is justly dear to parliament and the country ; and this house will not endure that its dignity should be insulted , or its authority eluded , with impunity . Sworn to declare the truth between the parties , and again admonished of the solemn obligation under which you stood , you nevertheless thought fit to persist in your prevarications , until it was manifest that your obstinacy was wilful and criminal : and this