and was convinced , that it had not made any impression upon the people or the army . British soldiers were strangers to any feelings that would prevent them , whenever they came in contact with the enemy upon nearly equal terms , from making British valour as conspicuous by land as by sea . It was a general opinion , that all our naval exploits had been achieved by a superiority of experienced discipline and skill ; but he could not subscribe to such a position . Many of those heroic achievements which raised the glory of our navy to the highest pitch , had been effected by the naked valour of Britons , without the aid of skill or discipline . Of this description were the exploits performed in boarding ships , in cutting out vessels from under the protection of batteries , and in various other operations performed by British seamen on shore , in every one of which the native valour of our countrymen was uniformly triumphant . There were no such instances to be found recorded in the military annals of the enemy . The enemy , however , had persuaded other nations , that they were as superior to us by land , as we are to them by sea ; and the delusion seemed to have prevailed on the continent . But the battle of Maida had broken the charm . Every circumstance of its progress , the conduct of the officers , and the bravery of the men , had established the ascendancy of British valour , and maintained that superiority , which this country possessed in all ages . In proof of this he could appeal to the determination , as appeared by the gazette , of sir John Stuart , to advance with his inferior force to the attack of the enemy , even in the strong position be occupied , if the enemy had not advanced to meet him . The issue of the action that ensued would prove to the chief of the enemy , and to his troops , who arrogated to themselves a superiority over all other troops , that they are not invincible , as they would represent themselves , that they could not withstand the valour of British troops when fairly committed against them in action . And yet , from whatever causes , certainly not from want of courage in their adversaries , the events of the late wars had contributed to countenance this opinion of their being invincible . They conquered because they thought they could 219 conquer : `` Possunt quia posse videntur . '' This victory , however , had dissolved the spell . It was obtained in the face of Europe , in the view of the nation for whose interest the expedition was undertaken , and had proved to the world , in a manner not to be disguised or concealed , that French troops are inferior to British troops . And here it was necessary for him to take some precaution to guard against any possible misconstruction of his meaning . Nothing could be farther from his intention , than to represent this exploit as exclusively glorious for the reputation of the British arms . The whole of the campaign in Egypt was equally conspicuous for the lustre it cast upon the military character of the British nation . This achievement condensed into a single action , all the same merits , that had been displayed in every operation during that glorious campaign . It was a lesson to this country , to the enemy , and to the world , of the comparative value of British and French troops , and thoroughly confirmed the decisive superiority of British valour . There never had been an action so completely calculated in all its circumstances , so perfectly framed , to establish that truth . He could not more forcibly illustrate this fact than by adopting the eloquent language of sir John Stuart on the subject : `` It seems , '' said the gallant general in his dispatch , `` as if the prowess of the two