subject and most interested in it , and therefore , he presumed , there could be no serious objection to the resolutions which he proposed . observed , that as the noble lord had the concurrence of the county members , and of those who were best acquainted with the subject , he had no very great objection to these propositions . But he must say , at the same time , that they were what a right hon . friend of the noble lord 's ( Mr. Windham ) had characterized as measures of unnecessary legislation . The grounds stated by the noble lord did not altogether bear him out . He had not proved that any great inconvenience resulted from those bills accumu- 256 lating after the birth day , for , last year , parliament had sat long after that time , and decided upon matters of the highest importance . He apprehended too that the adoption of these resolutions might be very inconvenient both to the agents and the parties . dissented completely from the opinion of the hon . gentleman who spoke last . This was not a measure of unnecessary legislation . It was only , as the noble lord had stated , following up the principle which had already been adopted by the house . It was not a matter of legislation at all , but of regulation only . The adoption of the resolutions , he contended , would be attended with great convenience both to the parties and to particular members , as well as to the house . Parties could not force their agents to come to the house within a particular time ; and with regard to the expenses of such delays , they were completely in the hands of these agents . The house , therefore , ought to assist them and enable them to obtain justice with as little expence , and with as much dispatch as possible . highly approved of the resolutions , as they might be the means of shortening the session , and prove very convenient to the country gentlemen , and to those who did not come to the house to make their fortunes . agreed that they would be very convenient . He himself had often felt the great inconvenience attending the delays that took place in cases of private bills , and thought that the house was under great obligations to the noble lord for having turned his attention to the subject , He suggested the propriety of having the private bills enumerated in the votes , and the days in which they came on , that members might have the earliest and most authentic notice on that point . This he merely threw out as a suggestion for the consideration of his lordship . observing upon the point of shortening the session , asked whether the noble lord was diffident as to the number and sentiments of his friends , since he betrayed so much anxiety to get rid of them ? replied , that he only felt anxious to promote the convenience of the house and of the parties . Suppose that from what happened last year , that members should expect that 78 reports of private bills might be received after the birth-day , the consequence would be , that , 257 if the public business could be soon finished , parliament must either sit to pass these private bills or they must be lost , and all the expence attending them would be to no purpose . As to his anxiety about dismissing his friends , he wished that , on a former occasion , an opportunity had been given of shewing the sense of the house , and he hoped that the hon . gent . would take the earliest opportunity of doing so.—The resolutions were then agreed to , and ordered to be printed . Lord Grenville brought in a bill for abolishing the Slave Trade , which was read a first time . His lordship then rose to move , that the bill be printed , and took that opportunity of observing ,