he had been promised many years . Mr. Johnson had also asked him to get the letter from Harris , and he had replied to Mr. Johnson , that if Harris did not give it up , `` by G—d he 'd knock him down . '' Mr. Homan , also of Frith-street , had said to him that he was wrong in writing to Harris , and that it would be a good thing to get the letter , if possible , from him . Mr. S. had told him , 1062 when he asked him to get the letter from Harris , that he should not want any money , as Mr. S. and he were old acquaintances ; and he had reason to believe that this money was offered him to induce him to procure the letter front Harris . Witness being further examined , would not say that Mr. S. authorized him to offer any specific sum to Harris to get back the letter , or that he even ever mentioned the word money , but insinuated in general , that every possible means should be used to get it back , observing , that the getting back the letter was of the most serious and important consideration . He had , however , offered 30l to Harris , to prevail upon him to return the letter , which money he would pay out of his own pocket , and of his own authority . He had got acquainted with Mr. Paull , by means of a letter he had written to him , stating the ill-treatment he had received from Mr. S. and his servants ; but Mr. Paull had not instigated him by money or any other inticement to get possession of the letter , but merely advised him to tell what he knew , but to advance nothing that he would not be ready to swear to . When he got possession of the letter , he never mentioned the circumstance to Mr. Paull or to any of his agents , nor , indeed , to any person whatever , before he mentioned it this night at the bar of the house . Yet , upon Cross-examination upon this point , he confessed , that he himself had not only seen the petition that had been presented to the house , but that he had dictated a part of it to Mr. Powell , more particularly that part which referred to the letter ; and this he had done a few days before the petition was presented . Mr. Paull certainly expressed a wish that the letter might be got and produced before the committee , but he never promised money , or any kind of reward for that service . He allowed , however , that his intention was when he got hold of the letter , to use it against Mr. S. He never heard that any suspicion existed that the letter was a forgery ; but he destroyed it himself , because he did not conceive it to be of any use . He got a second letter from Mr. S. during the election after the first had been destroyed ; did not know the date of it ; had seen Mr. S. Sign it in one of the rooms at the Shakespeare tavern ; when cross-examined , he said , that the letter was signed in Mr. S. 's drawing-room , while he himself was in another apartment , and there- 1063 fore did not see him actually write his name upon it ; but verily believed that it was Mr. S. 's hand-writing ; made different answers , at different times , respecting his means of procuring money ; had half-pay as a lieutenant in the navy , and several pensions from the king , and also one from the Patriotic Fund , yet was never confirmed a lieutenant in the navy ; never had been examined at Grenwich , nor had ever presented any memorial to obtain his pensions . During the examination of the witness , frequent questions were started , and discussions naturally arose as