Fox never understood the suggestion of the basis of uti possidetis as that regular offer and proposal , which it has since been attempted to represent it ; and that he never laid that stress upon the question of the basis alone , as distinct from specific terms , which has been laid upon it in the subsequent part of the negociation . I think also , and upon this second point I have also Mr. Fox 's authority clearly with me , that , even if the proposal of treating upon this basis had been distinctly made by France , and afterwards departed from unwarrantably ( which I say is not proved ) , that even in that case the proposal was not one so advantageous to us , it was not so important to us to obtain the recognition of that basis , as we seem to have imagined . I think I can easily shew , that it would have been the most inconvenient basis , the most inapplicable to the actual state of the world , that could have been adopted as the foundation of our treaty . And thirdly , even if the two former points were decided in the affirmative ; if France had indeed proposed the uti possidetis ; and if it was indeed important to us to obtain the recognition of it : I think nothing is more demonstrable than that we went the very worst way about obtaining it.—1st , then , 386 the main foundation on which the allegation rests , is to be found in lord Yarmouth 's memorandum of the 13th of June ; a memorandum which ( be it remembered ) , his lordship was officially compelled to commit to writing , in direct violation of the promise originally exacted from him by M. Talleyrand . Lord Y. however , tells us , as well became him , that he declined committing it to writing , until he had obtained a solemn promise that no public use should be made of it . Such is the character of this document ; and now for its contents . It contains , as I contend , but one positive averment , namely , that M. Talleyrand said , `` We do not ask Sicily of you , —nous ne vous la demandons pas ; '' the rest is inference and induction merely ; and subject , like all matter of inference , to be questioned by fair reasoning , without any imputation , or supposed imputation , upon the veracity and perfect honour of the person whose inference it is . Having obtained this admission respecting Sicily , lord Y . `` conceived it improper to enquire further , 'Nous ne vous demandons rien , ' amounting ( in his lordship 's opinion ) to an admission of the uti possidetis , as applicable to his majesty 's conquests . '' Now here are no less than three successive inferences , every one of which I confess myself inclined to dispute : 1st , That `` nous ne vous la demandons pas , '' the expression applied by M. Talleyrand specifically to Sicily , is equivalent to the sweeping admission , `` nous ne vous demandons rien ; '' an inference of a general proposition from a special one , which is not , I believe , very usually admitted to be sound in reasoning , —however possible it might have been to maintain the direct converse , and to infer the special from the general proposition . 2dly , That even `` nous ne vous demandons rien , '' ( supposing for a moment that we had arrived fairly at that proposition , which I deny , ) amounted to an admission of the uti possidetis ; —Was it to be supposed that France had nothing to ask of us for her allies , though not for herself ? The direct reverse is certain and notorious . 3dly , That the admission ( supposing it to be one ) was an admission with respect to `` his majesty 's conquests . '' The whole admission , whatever its