which he meant particularly to advert . He thought he could prove to the house , that the reflections cast upon him were unfounded . He hoped it would not be taking up too much of the time of the house if he should , in his view of the subject under debate , go back to the causes of the present war . Considering the assigned grounds for the renewal of the war , he was of opinion , that at the beginning of this year there was strong reason for entering into negociations for peace . One great cause of the war was the impossibility of obtaining a sufficient guarantee for the security of Malta . An official statement in the Moniteur declared , long after the commencement of the war , that so long as England retained Malta , Buonaparte would not relinquish the sovereignty of the kingdom of Italy . Malta , however , was not the only cause of the war : the desire to resist the aggrandisement of France was another cause . Russia was as averse as we to the overbearing power and character of France . But Russia was unwilling to engage in the enterprise of reducing France , till Great Britain , which had little danger to 326 apprehend , individually , from the result of the Contest , should be engaged . From this principle arose the coalition , which , two powers joined , a third ought to have joined . That coalition was defeated by means of the policy Prussia had thought proper to pursue . In the Spring of 1806 , the continent afforded a very gloomy prospect . Austria was prostrate at the feet of France ; Prussia was bound to France in an alliance , offensive and defensive . There was no longer any hope of saving Europe by war . The only remaining chance of saving it was by peace . The existence of Austria could be preserved by peace alone : peace alone could break the union between Russia and France , so detrimental to every hope of the deliverance of the world as an union cemented by the transfer of a part of his majesty 's dominions . It was of little moment , which power had made the first overture . The first that overcame the mad and foolish pride of robbing nations of peace rather than make an overture , was entitled to the praise of both nations , and of all mankind . The great statesman , whose loss Europe had to deplore , ( Mr. Fox ) had conducted the earlier part of the negociation by the channel of a private correspondence , the substance of which was before the house . When he ( lord Yarmouth ) was introduced into the negociation , one great difficulty in the way of peace was the connection with Russia . That , however , might be got over on paper . But there was a difficulty with respect to Hanover , which was much less capable of management . It was known that we should spurn any peace which would not be coupled with the restitution of Hanover to our sovereign . But at the same time Prussia had been the unalterable ally of France since the revolution , and Hanover had been conveyed to Prussia , as well in reward of that alliance as in consideration of valuable cessions in exchange . Hence it was material , that the intended cession should be made matter of confidential verbal communication till the peace , for which it was to be ceded , should be ascertained and agreed upon . The communication was made confidentially , and treated of in letters from one friend to another . So he might speak of the ministers of foreign relations of this country and of France , though the countries were at war . Though both parties , actuated by a desire of peace , had covenanted for the cession of Hanover as one of the terms , 327 yet it was required on one side , and agreed to as reasonable on the