his dissent to it in the first instance , though he did not then mean to press his opposition to a division . If he was rightly informed , the youth of the Roman catholic gentry were educated in the university of Dublin , before the establishment of this institution ; which practice had wholly ceased since . If this addition were in this instance to be granted , it would be the foundation for a further application next year , and he was against the policy of giving any encouragement to the growth of the Roman catholic religion . observed , that the question was , not whether the catholic clergy should be educated in foreign countries , or at home ; for , in the present state of Europe , they could not go for education to foreign countries . The question therefore was , whether they should be educated at all . Every gentleman would admit , that the catholics could not , by being educated abroad , be rendered better subjects , and that a domestic education for them was most desirable . Since the establishment of the institution by the disuse of foreign education , the demand for a supply of catholic clergymen had increased , in order to replace the infirm or the dead , and had increased to such a degree that the college did not afford sufficient . It had on that account been recommended by the government of Ireland to increase the grant , for the purpose of providing greater accommodations . The petition was solely for the education of the catholic clergy ; but a lay seminary had been established near the college , which had the benefit of the professors of the college . The catholics 939 had not been allowed to enter the university of Dublin till the relaxation in 1793 , and this institution had immediately been founded . said , that there was not an item in the whole accounts , to which he should give so hearty and cordial an assent , as that which was now before the committee ; he insisted , that if we were in earnest with the people of Ireland , if Maynooth college was not a mockery , we should not hesitate to give the grants necessary for its maintenance . said , that many of the catholic gentry were educated in the protestant university of Ireland , before the erection of Maynooth college ; but that since that impolitic measure , the number of catholic pupils in Dublin college had considerably diminished . thought , that the right hon . gent . must have been misinformed on that head , as before the year 1793 no Roman catholic students were admissible . further contended against the policy of any institution for the encouragement of Catholicism in Ireland , to the manifest injury of Protestantism . denied that there was a lay institution of the nature asserted by the hon . member ; the college founded and supported by government , was for the education of the priesthood , and the priesthood only ; instruction to the laity however , he admitted , might have been a secondary object . said , that the question lay within a narrow compass ; whether the Roman catholic was to go abroad ; form foreign connections ; involve himself in foreign relations , and bring home foreign affections to his country ; or whether he was to remain in his native land , and there acquire the instruction he was there to disseminate ? If this could be as well effected in the college of Dublin , he should rejoice at it ; for he would ever wish to see the catholic and protestant walking hand in hand together ; he would wish to have them acting in such co-operation as to have in common the one grand impulse , and the one grand end ; but the expence of instruction was complained of . What was the expence ? 13,000l ; and what was got by that 13,000l ? the instruction of 3 millions and a half of people ; this