to shew the effect of the noble lord 's plan and his own . He contended , that the comparison was much against the noble lord 's plan . A great accumulation of debt would be avoided , and the war taxes would be preserved un- 922 charged . He contended also , that even on the plan of taking the war taxes , his system was better than that of the noble lord 's . deprecated equally the continuance of heavy taxation , and the immediate invasion of the sinking fund . On these considerations he was inclined to approve of the noble lord 's plan , and also because the most maturely weighed of the plans brought forward on the other side approximated very nearly to that of the noble lord . He complained of the statement of the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) , that in his calculation he had omitted the charge of the yearly loan of 11 millions , which would require the payment of interest for 14,000,000l . It was unpardonable to delude the public with statements representing the charges of the new plan as comparatively burthensome , and to exclude from the comparative view all this consideration of the great expence of interest belonging to the plan of the noble lord opposite the noble lord 's plan for taking the excesses of the sinking fund was an invasion , which called for every friend of the sinking fund to come forward in its defence . Here the hon . gent . went into a history of the progress of the sinking fund from its origin . The benefits we had experienced , ought to bind us in policy and in gratitude to preserve the source of all these advantages . The interference of Mr. Addington , and that of the noble lord near him , with the sinking fund , had been coupled with benefits which compensated the invasion . But the noble lord 's plan invaded the security of the stockholder , by taking the excesses of the sinking fund , without offering any compensation . The plan of taking the excesses of the sinking fund , and raising only the difference between that and 11,000,000l. , would be very unjust as well as very impolitic . There was extreme danger in laying down the principle , that the sinking fund was to be diverted to the current service in every war . Taking the surplus of the consolidated fund to pay the interest of the debt contracted in the year , was a violation , if he might so express it , of public credit , at best . But it might happen that the consolidated fund would barely cover the charges imposed upon it ; and what was to be done in that case ? With respect to the war taxes , no pledge was incurred to continue them , but only taxes to the same amount to extinguish the sums borrowed . The objection 923 of borrowing at compound interest was answered , by exhibiting the compound already produced , and about to be produced by this plan , and by the noble lord 's recent measure . It was the noble lord that had raised these very war taxes last year nine millions above their former amount , and had thus furnished a foundation for the whole superstructure of this plan . The plan was supposed to under-rate the expenditure , but it provided in fact for an expenditure to that amount , with an increased facility of raising larger sums , if that should be necessary . He hoped the experience of one year would confirm the favourable expectation entertained of the noble lord 's plan , and prove its efficacy towards raising a great part of the expenditure , not directly in the same year , but so as to be redeemed in a few years . This little island was carrying on war almost against the powers of the world , for the benefit of the world , and with such an extent of colonial empire to secure , it was necessary to preserve