the noble lord and of Talleyrand . A written note would have made the matter clear , and it was very inconsiderate in the government not to have insisted upon this . But the fact was , that Mr. Fox did not like to put the question suddenly . He was afraid he might lose his favourite object ; following the policy of a man with a woman , he did not ask her the question broadly at once , otherwise she might have slapped the door in his face . From the conduct of the other noble lord ( Lauderdale ) entrusted with the negociation , in 1792 , and his intimacy with the Brissotines , who had since put their king to death , and from the patience with which he had listened to the projects for the destruction of England , within the walls of the national assembly , he could not think him a fit person to be charged with the interests of his country in this negociation . He blamed the dalliance in which these ministers were kept . Their situation was no better than prisoners , being refused the passports they demanded . It reminded him of a story he bad read in the newspapers the other day , of a gentleman , whom two prostitutes seized in Bond-street , and embraced so closely , one behind and another before , that he was unable to move ; while a third picked his pockets . They had granted him the fraternal embrace , and held him so tightly , that he could scarcely move , much less stir a hand or leg . He absolutely could not move , so loving was this said hug . They treated him as Mr. Burke said they had treated lord Malmsbury . They told him stories , such as nurses tell children , `` Poor baby bunting , the king is gone a hunting . '' Yes ! he had gone a hunting with a vengeance ; but then it was to hunt the royal tiger of Prussia , and he carried with him a train no less numerous than that which preceded the tiger huntings in the east , And 335 then what happened ? Why did not lord Lauderdale demand a categorical answer at once ? He had only to say , `` this is the basis on which we shall treat ; '' and then he would have had a plain answer , aye or no . In short , our ministers had been bamboozled from the beginning to the end . Mr. Burke had described the case of a person in Turkey , who , while he received a certain unpleasant application , begged those who inflicted it to accept `` the assurances of his high consideration . '' This was the case with lord Lauderdale at first , but at length he seemed disposed to retort not only on the prince of Benevento , the prince of Ponte Corvo , and the duke of Berg , but even on the emperor himself . Otherwise he would not have been described as betraying unsuitable , imperious , and savage manners . He had no doubt that the noble lord had done his duty , but having sat quietly in the Cyclops ' cave , while the thunderbolts of war were forging against his country , he could not think him a proper person to be entrusted with the negociation . He could see no benefit likely to accrue from sending a second negociator , after the changes in Germany , which rendered any peace that could be made , as the noble lord observed , totally insecure . He charged ministers with obvious inferiority to the late government , which they represented as inefficient . He blamed them for the deficiency of their own performance , and for the recall of officers who had done well , merely because they were objects of private pique . He joined heartily in that part of the address , which pledged every heart and hand to the defence of the country ; and if there had