; 3d , the name or phrase describing the building ; 4th , the number of officers that are , or have been generally quartered or lodged in the building ; 5th , the number of non-commissioned officers and men , and of horses , that are or have been generally quartered or lodged in the building ; 6th , 845 the name of the proprietor of the building ; 7th , the name and rank of the officer or person by whom the building was taken on the part of government ; 8th , the weekly rent or hire of the building ; 9th , the yearly rent or hire of the building ; 10th , the name and rank of the officer or person , or officers or persons , through whose hands the rent , or hire , has been paid to the proprietor of the building ; 11th , the time when any alteration ( if any ) in the rent or hire of the building was made ; 12th , the weekly rent or hire of the building , subsequent to such alteration ; 13th , the yearly rent or hire of the building , subsequent to such alteration ; 14th , the time when the building was given up , if not now occupied by government ; 15th , the account of the whole of the sums which have been expended in repairs upon the building ; and the said returns do exhibit all the names and descriptions of the said buildings , following one another in due chronological order , the building first taken by government standing first , and the building last taken , standing last . '' said , he felt no inclination to withhold any information that could be conveniently produced on this subject ; but from the extent and wording of the hon . gentleman 's motion , he had some doubts of the practicability of obtaining the returns to it in any reasonable time . It was well worth the attention of the house not to lose sight of this subject . The hon . gentleman had stated , that his motion was precisely the same as one that had been agreed to last session ; but on reference to the barrack department , he found that the returns to that motion could not have been prepared without the aid of twenty additional clerks , and for a long period . The house would consider , whether it would be expedient to order the accounts now called for to be produced at the expence of so much time and labour , when the attention of two commissions , the military commission and the other commission appointed at the suggestion of the military commission , for examining persons upon oath , were both employed in investigating this subject . If it should appear that these commissioners were negligent or inattentive , it would be for the house to determine how far it would be right to comply with the motion . said , he could contradict the assertion of the honourable gentleman with respect to the barrack department in 846 Ireland , from an experience of ten years . But he agreed with the hon . gentleman that it would be desirable to avoid , as much as possible , the use of temporary barracks . But when it was found necessary to march a body of troops to a particular point , where there were no accommodations , it was necessary to hire buildings at any rent that should be demanded . The barrack-master-general in Ireland felt the propriety of putting the barracks of that country on the same footing as in this , and attended particularly to the economy of expenditure in his department . in reply , said , that he was persuaded if the noble lord would take the trouble to read the motion at length , he would then see whether or not such an account already existed in any public office , and if it could not be produced in a day or two , he should still insist that the house ought