practitioner he might have dated his letter from Stanhope-street , where he lived , and sent it by his servant . That was the whole of the argument with respect to the date from the Treasury Chambers . But the gentlemen on the other side were all aghast at the Treasury Chambers . But general Hewitt would know very well who Mr. Fremantle was , without the mention of the Treasury Chambers , and could no doubt tell , at any rate , what part government would wish him to take . If the letter had been sent to general Hewitt to be handed about , to be sure that would have been another matter . But it was a private letter entirely . Then , what effects had it been attended with ? What advantage had it produced ? It was not pretended that it had produced any . The fact was known . His hon . friend had sent a letter to general Hewitt , general Hewitt applied to major Davies , and major Davies refused to comply with the request , except he had permission to go from his commander in chief . Did this look like a deep laid plan ? The resolution of the house against interference meant the exercise of improper influence ; it supposed an order . But here 768 there was no order , but merely a request that general Hewitt should assist one who was the writer 's particular friend . He would ask whether the house ought to waste one moment by going into such a committee as was proposed ? If general Hewitt was here , and if the question should be put to him , whether he had received the letter , he would answer that he had ; that he had sent it to major Davies , and that major Davies wrote that he would not go without the consent of his commanding officer ; and that he , general Hewitt , had told major Davies , that if he went it would not be at the public expence . All this was perfectly well known , and there was therefore no occasion for going into a committee . The hon . baronet knew the voters , and yet he could specify none that had been procured by corrupt practices . None were given or withheld in consequence of threats . He could collect no precedents , because no opposition ever presented such a petition . He defied them to shew one instance in which a threat had been employed by government to influence a vote . If any such instance could be shewn , it certainly should not have his countenance . To ask a man for his vote was no offence whatever , but to threaten to turn him out of office unless he voted for a particular person was certainly a breach of privilege . But nothing of this sort was charged . Gentlemen might say what they pleased in their speeches , but all that they proved was , that a letter had been sent from the treasury chambers , which an old practitioner would have dated from a different place . This was the whole of the proof , and , he would ask whether , after all the abuse which had been heaped upon government , they did not rise in credit when it was perceived on what frivolous grounds all this abuse was founded ? The hon . baronet might wish to go into a committee ; and if there was any thing new to be proved , then , when it was known what it was , it would be proper to consider whether the motion should be agreed to . But really this petition was the most extraordinary , and on the part of the members of parliament who had signed it , one of the most foolish that he had ever witnessed . Out of 112 votes , there were 6 or 7 members of parliament who thus presented a petition to themselves . No county meeting had been called . A certain number of gentlemen in