Arraigned as he was of having either himself of by his agents , tampered with witnesses , it surely could not be intended to deny him the privilege of disproving the truth of the , charge at the bar . thought that the petition had a just claim to be laid on the table of the house , and that when the proper time came , the petitioner ought to be heard at the bar , in his own defence.—The petitions were then ordered to lie on the table . The order of the day having then been read , for taking into consideration the petition of James Paull , esq. , the same was accordingly taken into consideration , and lord Folkestone moved , that the petitioner be heard by himself , his counsel , and witnesses , in support of the allegations contained in his petition . declared , that feeling every desire that this transaction should be investigated in such a manner as to satisfy the public , and anxious to remove the slightest pretence for accusing the house of an intention to deprive the petitioner of the means of supporting his charge , he , for one , would be willing to allow , that , the counsel should be heard ; but he wished the house to observe , as a guide to their proceedings , that since the passing of Mr. Grenville 's bill , it had been the practice to abstain from hearing at the 1058 bar , evidence which might tend to defeat the ends of justice in a subsequent committee . He trusted that the house would confine the examination simply to the point of tampering , and that if , in the outset , any question should be proposed affecting the merits of the election , the examination would be stopped . was of opinion that the present case ought to go to a committee . While the house looked only to the examination of facts in having the case proceeded upon at the bar , a precedent might be established which might tend to much inconvenience , and much mischief hereafter . He was , he confessed , more inclined than others seemed to be , to doubt of the propriety of the house having proceeded even so far as it had already done . But if it was improper to have gone so far , it would be much more improper to go farther . The question before the house seemed to him , if not an integral part of that which was reserved by the Grenville act , for the decision of a select committee , at least so nearly to border on it , as that it would be impossible to keep the two objects distinct . He had no doubt that under the Grenville act , a committee was perfectly competent to do the justice required in this case , if the facts alleged could be substantiated or completely falsified . The committee might Make a special report , if either should be found guilty of improper practices . If no inconvenience could arise to public justice , as he thought none could in this case , he was of opinion the house ought not to interfere with a jurisdiction so nearly connected if not altogether identified with that which it had , by a solemn act , put out of its own hands , and delegated to its committees . He did not suppose that the members in the house unsworn were a less desireable tribunal than the sworn members of a committee . But there was no doubt , that a sworn committee , with its attention particularly directed to the objects it was to try , was as eligible a tribunal as the house unsworn . He was so strongly convinced that this was a case that ought to be reserved to a committee , that he felt an indispensable duty to state his opinion to the house , though he could not hope that any opinion of his would have such weight with the house as to lead its decision .