ever heretofore made . On the casualties also which , he had last session stated , and he feared too justly stated , must amount on the average to 15,000 a year , it was to be observed that , owing probably to his majesty 's ministers having so entirely engrossed themselves with the negociation with France , they seemed until lately to have divested their minds of every idea of carrying on offensive operations against the enemy , no military effort had been made , consequently the number of casualties had been less ; but we must expect that in 86,000 troops now employed in Foreign service , the number of casualties would considerably ncrease . It was impossible to suppose , that they would be exempt from the natural consequences of battle . Nothing could be farther from his mind than to press an invidious comparison between the right hen . gent . and other individuals ; but he trusted that the comparison which he had made , would have a tendency to rouse that right hon . gent . 's exertions , and thus prove advantageous both to the country and to his own character . Did the right hon . gent . recollect the declaration which he made at the opening of the last session of parliament , that such were the military necessities of the country , that not an hour should be lost to repair the evils with which we were threatened ? Let him look at the growth of the regular army under former administrations , and compare it with the growth under the present administration ; and the comparison might suggest to him a little distrust of his own ability for military arrangements , and a great deal of forbearance from the remark on the ability of others . Examine the increase of the regular army , from the 1st of July , 1803 , to the 1st of July , 1804 , during the administration of lord Sidmouth , an administration so ninth vilified by the right hon . gent. ! On the 1st of July , 1803 , the regular army amounted to 99,342 men ; on the 1st of July , 1804 , it amounted to 140,119 men , being an increase in one year , of 40,777 men . But the right hon . gent . 's magazine of military sarcasms was not exhausted during the administration of lord Sidmouth—He continued to vent his reproaches on the administration by which it was succeeded . That administration continued in office until the beginning of February 1806 . He had before stated , that , on the 1st of July , 1804 , the regular force amounted 486 to 140,119 men ; on the 1st of March , 1806 , ( the nearest period to which the accounts were made up , ) it amounted to 173,600 men , making an increase , in twenty months , of 33,481 men . Let the country compare this with the increase under the right hon . gent . 's management , from the middle of February to the present moment , of between 4 and 5 thousand men ! an increase too , for which he was totally indebted to the expiring efforts of the Additional Defence act.—But he owned , that when he heard the right hon . gent . talking , in a strain of romantic enthusiasm , of carrying the military glory of Britain to a higher pitch than it had hitherto attained , he anticipated the consequences that had ensued . The right hon . gent . had been perpetually telling the late administration , `` take away your acts ; take away your useless machinery ; and I 'll be bound to get you a better army than you ever had before '' Had he done so ? —He would proceed to examine the numbers raised by ordinary recruiting . It would be found , that the produce of 1804 and 1805 had not differed materially from the average of former years . Calculating the annual produce of the ordinary recruiting under the right hon . gent