. I do not wish to dwell upon the misconduct of men in their absence : but there is one act of sir Home Popham 's which I can not hesitate to censure as particularly improper , and that is , his letter to the manufacturers . What his motives for such conduct were , I Can not say . Perhaps he wished to court some favour and protection against the censure which he must be conscious of deserving from government . Perhaps this letter to seek mercantile gratitude , while offending against professional duty , was one of the fatal effects to be apprehended from that mischievous system of rewards administered by the committee at Lloyd 's , called the Patriotic Fund , a committee which is held out to the navy as giving greater reward and encouragement than the government of the country . I do consider the conduct of sir Home Popham , as highly reprehensible in a British officer , and , therefore , although I should be sorry to pronounce strongly on the conduct of any man until he has had an opportunity of justifying himself , yet I will say , that there is nothing in the first appearance of this transaction , which a British parliament can approve of . If such conduct as this appears to be , could be not only justified but approved of , it would then follow , that all our military governors , in the West Indies , in Gibraltar , and in every other part of the world , might totally disregard the instructions they should receive from government , and turn their whole forces wherever their private opinion , or wherever their interest might point out . This is a doctrine , which I am sure the hon . gent . would not wish to hold out to our army and navy . As to the changes in our ambassadors , and that to which he principally alludes , of sending Mr. Adair in the place of sir A. Paget , I Must observe , that , after the very incautious publication of his correspondence by the late government , it is not extraordi- 76 nary that we should think it proper that some other person should be sent out to succeed him.—As to the dissolution of parliament , it is by no means surprising , that , after the negociation had completely failed , his majesty 's ministers should advise his majesty to recur to the sense of his people , as the means most likely to obtain that unanimity which is so desireable under the present circumstances . The dissolution was at a time when the public business was over , when the harvest was finished , and when it appeared that the election could be carried on without the least disadvantage to the industry and convenience of the nation . We are charged with abusing the name of the king on a former occasion ; but to that charge I will simply answer , that his majesty 's ministers had no idea of advising the dissolution of parliament until they heard of the complete failure of the negociation , and as soon as they were informed of that event they advised it . As to the charge of his majesty 's ministers having used improper means to influence the election , I believe there have been complaints that government did not employ that influence which they fairly might have employed . I can take upon myself to say in the face of this house and of the public , that in no instance was a single shilling of the public money employed in any election throughout the country . For what reason the long amendment of the hon . gent . has been proposed , I know not ; perhaps it was to answer the purpose of publication . Whatever may have been the motives , I think I have generally replied to it , and I shall be ready to meet the charges separately , and more in detail , whenever the subject is brought regularly before the house . assured