much of his humble ability in support of the motion , as if it had been actually brought forward by himself . replied , that he would not enter into a controversy with the right hon . gent . upon the subject of his former pledges . But he recollected very accurately that the right hon . gent . did promise to bring this question of the Carnatic before the house . As to the grounds upon which he had been induced to abandon that question , he really was not apprized of them . He had heard something of the right hon . gent . 's unwillingness to excite unpleasant sensations among his colleagues in office—that is , in plain English , that he was not willing to lose his place . The noble lord was , however , glad to hear the right hon . gent . 's fresh pledge this evening : for his strenuous and sincere assistance , wherever he would be strenuous and sincere , would , no doubt , be a most important acquisition indeed . The noble lord repelled the idea , that he was the substitute of Mr. Paull or of any man . He was actuated solely by a sense of duty , and even the friends of lord Wellesley 555 ought to be obliged to him for the course he was about to take , as it would afford them an opportunity of vindicating his character , as well as the character of the country , which was stained by the acts imputed to him . If these imputations should prove to be unjust , he declared that he should feel the highest satisfaction , for he had no personal prejudice whatever against lord Wellesley . As to the course he meant to pursue , it would be open to any other member to propose a different one , if he thought proper , and this course would not at all interfere with those who wished to go the length of impeachment . rose again , and observed with some warmth , that no doubt the noble lord wished to have his public conduct ascribed to proper motives , and if he expected to have credit given him for such motives , he should not be so forward to impute improper motives to others . With regard to the motive which the noble lord had thought proper to attribute to him , he would ask that noble lord to state in what part of his public conduct he had ever seen any thing to justify the imputation he had attempted to fix upon him , to shew that he would be induced to abandon his principles to a love of place ; or to sustain against him any charge of inconsistency . If the noble lord had had a correct recollection of the proceedings of that house , the noble lord would have known that he did , two years before the present ministry came into place , state the grounds upon which he was induced to decline bringing forward the Carnatic question , at the same time , pledging himself to support any person who should bring it forward . said , he thought the noble lord entitled to his thanks , and also to the thanks of the friends of marquis Wellesley , and that they must be satisfied with the very candid manner in which he had brought forward the present motion . He could not , however , agree in opinion with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , that any question of this kind should be referred to the board of Indian Judicature , for he thought it beyond the power of any individual to bring any delinquent to punishment before it . He was , therefore , glad the noble lord had brought forward the present motion . thanked the noble lord for the manner in which he had brought forward the business , and for the civility with which he had treated his noble relative . The dignity of parliament re- 556 quired , that this business should not lie