of the hon . gent . nor conceal my opinion that the petition is a proper one , introduced on proper grounds , and for the introduction of which , whatever delay may have been occasioned , the persons who have taken it up , deserve the warmest gratitude of parliament . There have fallen sentiments from the hon . gent . whose name is particularly alluded to in this petition , which I do confess have struck me with no small share of astonishment ; indeed , when I heard him this night asserting the positive right of government to interfere , as a government , in the exercise of the elective franchise , I felt not only astonished , but actually dismayed . This , sir , is a principle against which it is the duty of this house to make a stand , and which should not be suffered to escape , without the individual reprobation of every member of this house , together with the expressed and recorded disavowal of the legislature . That hon . gent . has also declared , that no kind of undue influence was exerted , during the late election , by any department or individual of his majesty 's government ; that if such influence had been exerted , froth the situation which he held as Secretary of the Treasury , it could not have escaped his notice and observation ; in fact , he has told us , that it must have actually gone through him , as the official channel . With this voluntary statement from the hon . gent . upon this plain and perspicuous acknowledgment , I put it to himself and to the house to decide , whether a considerable suspicion does not naturally attach to the interference of a person so connected with his majesty 's government , in the elective rights of the people , and whether it did not become a peremptory point of duty with the hon . gent . to exercise the most scrupulous caution and delicacy , in any step , either personal or official , which he might have been induced to take , with reference to the election of members of parliament ? It has this night come out , that he , a public character , did write to the head of the Barrack Department of the county of 764 Southampton , a letter , dated from the official Chamber of the Treasury , the purport of which was , to desire his influence with all those connected with that department , to obtain their votes for the gentlemen who had started on the ministerial interest . In what way , I ask , was such a communication to be received by the officers of that department ? or what impression must such a request , on the part of a gentleman who held a high official situation in a branch of the government with which the Barrack Department had frequent intercourse , have made on the persons thus addressed ? I do seriously contend , that such a communication must be considered as one of those suite of orders they were in the habit of receiving from the Treasury . Arguing from my own view of the case , I conceive , that such was the natural impression of that request , and that the officers or persons to whom the application was made , did consider such application directly official . But the house has been told , that not one of the officers employed in that department , did actually vote for either of the candidates , who were supposed to possess the influence of government . Such a circumstance , in no degree changes the view of the case , nor in any manner lessens the charge of undue influence , if that charge be otherwise well-founded . The influence was not to operate on the officers of the Barrack Department alone ; but it was to be exercised by those officers over the numerous persons they may be fairly supposed to be connected with , and under the direct controul of