for the first time , the commencement of a system of expenditure , it might perhaps be more wise to confer rewards on the higher classes of public ser- 708 vants by means of large pensions , than by sinecure places . But when these places were conisdered as connected with the history of the country , and with the different branches of the Constitution from their first origin , it was unquestionably desirable to preserve and continue them . He was therefore not disposed to count much upon any reduction that could now be made in Sinecure Places and Pensions , if it was determined not to reduce them below what the public dignity and public service required them to be kept up to . Perhaps the manner in which the prerogative of the crown was exercised in bestowing such offices , might not be in every instance satisfactory . But the improper use of the prerogative in these instances , was no reason way the power of using it better should be altogether done away . If there were improprieties in the conduct of the judges , that was no reason why the administration of justice should be stopped . If there were improprieties in the conduct of those at time head of the military department , that was no reason why the country should be left without an army . In the degree then in which such places were necessary to reward public services , these places ought to be maintained . Why then , what had been the result of all the inquires on this subject ? He might state generally , first , that all sinecure places in the customs had been abolished . Such also had been the case with regard to the excise . With regard to the great offices of state , some had been abolished , and a certain chamberlainship in the exchequer , and all the offices , with the exception of a very few , had been regulated by commutations being agreed upon , instead of fees , which were liable to a perpetual increase with the increase of the public expenditure . The profits of the tellers and the auditors were thus limited . For the purpose of being perfectly correct in what he had seated with regard to the abolition of sinecure offices in the customs , he ought to have observed , that one place of this nature , that of collector outwards , belonging by patent to a certain noble duke ( Manchester ) had been reserved . The fact was then , that sinecure places to a certain number were necessary to be retained in order to reward those who had given their time , and industry , and their talents to the public service , in offices which did not afford an adequate remune ation , and to afford them a proper suppor 709 in their retirement . But he could not quit this part of the subject , without alluding to the principles which had been admitted during the progress of Mr. Burke 's bill . The principles then admitted were , that those who held offices by grant from the crown , had as strong a title to them , as any proprietor of land had to his landed estate , and that to destroy the one title would be as great an invasion of property as to destroy the other . The reform could apply only with respect to the future holders , and in that view it had been applied in every practicable instance . But where offices were granted in reversion it could not be applied . The reform must remain suspended till the reversion should have expired . There were two principal offices granted in reversion . One was that of Register of the Admiralty Court , granted to lord Arden , with the reversion to a member of that house ( Mr. Perceval ) . The other was that of the clerk of the parliament , held by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) over the way , the reversion to his