be wrested from a country , but the mode of acquiring them could never be forgotten , and the glory of the conquest was independent of all accidents . The acquisitions that were the consequence of the glorious days of Cressy and Poitiers , had long since passed into other hands ; but the glory of those illustrious achievements still adhered to the British name , and was immortal . It was that fine extract , that pure essence , that indured to all ages , whilst the grosser parts , the residuum passed away , and were lost in the course of time . On this ground it was , that he thought that the victory of Maida would stand as high as any exploit upon the records of our military achievements , and that the glory of general Stuart and his brave army , would survive to the latest posterity , unless the country should , at any time , sink into such a state of degradation , that the memory of former glory would be a reproach to existing degeneracy . Even in such a state of degradation , he was sure , that such an instance as this , would be calculated to rouse a nation to emulate the exploits of its ancestors . The name of general Stuart would justly be ranked among the foremost in our military annals . The right hon . secretary said , he had felt pleasure in dwelling upon the various merits of this brilliant exploit , because it revived and resuscitated , as it were , that half of our national character which had been called in question , and proved that Britons had the same superiority over the enemy by land as they had by sea . The right hon . gent . concluded by moving : 1st , `` That the thanks of this house be given to major-general sir John Stuart , knight of the most honourable order of the bath , for the distinguished ability displayed by him on the 4th of July last , in the brilliant action on the plains of Maida , which terminated in the signal and total defeat of the superior forces of the enemy . 2 . That the thanks of this house be given to brigadier-general the hon . George Lowry Cole , brigadier-general William Palmer Ackland , and the several other officers , for their distinguished exertions on the 4th of July last , in the brilliant action on the Plains of Maida , which terminated in the signal and total defeat of the superior forces of the enemy ; and that major-general sir John Stuart do signify the same to them . 3 . That this 222 house doth highly approve of , and acknowledge , the distinguished valour and discipline displayed by the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers of the forces serving on the 4th of July last , under the command of major-general sir John Stuart , in the brilliant victory obtained on the Plains of Maida , and that the same be signified to them by the commanding officers of the several corps , who are desired to thank them for their gallant and exemplary conduct . '' Sir John Doyle , in seconding the motion , expressed himself , in a maiden speech , in the following words : —Mr . Speaker ; in rising to address you for the first time , I feel , sir , how much I shall stand in need of your countenance , and the kind indulgence of the house ; but I trust that the motives which induce me to trouble you , while they plead my excuse , may obtain for me a patient hearing , and I shall endeavour to mark my sense of that indulgence , by trespassing upon it but for a moment . Sir , having witnessed upon many trying occasions the zeal , discipline , skill , and courage , in this instance so brilliantly displayed , by this gallant officer and his brave companions , I can not reconcile it to my feelings to confine myself to a