measures respecting the volunteers and the training , it was essentially necessary for them to know what force they had for the defence of the country . He certainly thought that they might get information of the gross amount of the black corps , as he did not propose to interfere with their local distribution , without giving any dangerous information to the enemy , especially as the black troops were not the only troops in the West Indies . admitted that the observations of the noble lord had , in a great measure , obviated his objection . He had still , however , a difficulty in stating the amount of black troops , which were exclusively employed in the West Indies . But as they were not the only corps employed , the objection did not appear to him material , and he should , therefore , not press it . consented to have the black West-India regiments thrown into the gross amount of the foreign local corps.—The motion was then agreed to , as were the second , third , fourth , and fifth , without any particular or material observation.—On the question being put upon the last , begged leave to say a few words on that occasion , which appeared to be called for , by some observations that had fallen from the noble lord in allusion to the measure to which this motion referred . The noble lord , from his experience of the additional force act , and every other gentleman , who was acquainted with the execution of such , must be aware that they embraced a great deal of civil detail , which it was impossible to precipitate . The militia lists had been used in preference to those originally pointed out by the bill . That part of the process had not been gone through , and until it had , it would have been impossible to accelerate the operation of the measure by the authority of office . All that had been foreseen by the framers of the measure , as well as that it was incapable of being executed last summer . If even there had been a necessity to put it in execution , it could not have been ready for such execution before the Spring . In the present state of the world and of the sea- 443 son , it would not be very eligible to put it into operation , even if every thing was ready . The noble lord seemed anxious for coies of the proceedings under this measure , and returns of the enrolments . But he could inform the noble lord , that that part of the process had already been gone through , and that nothing remained to be done but the apportionment , which had even already been begun . The act had left the government a discretionary power , as to its execution according to circumstances , and consequently justified fully their conduct respecting this measure . This was all he had thought necessary to say , in consequence of the observations of the noble lord , nor should he have said so much , if the noble lord had not made some allusion to a motion for military enquiry in consequence of the measures with which the house had recently been engaged , and which had been recommended by him . The noble lord might certainly have felt the necessity of such enquiry , from the consequence of those measures in which he had so large a share.—The motion was then agreed to . On the motion of sir F. Vane , the order for taking into consideration on Tuesday , the 20th instant , the Petition complaining of an undue return for the Borough of Tregony was discharged , and a new order made for Tuesday , the 27th inst . —The order of the day having been read for the house going into a committee on the Malt Duty bill , it was ordered , on the motion of Mr. Vansittart , that it be an instruction to the said committee to receive a clause