impressing on the house the small provision which is claimed for the education of the priesthood of at least three millions of people . Every principle of humanity and sound policy seems to me to call on this house for its acquiescence . objected to the additional grant now moved for , because its object was to double the number of the students for catholic priesthood in Ireland , and would consequently make the sum of 5,000l . annual . He did not mean to say that the catholic priesthood should be neglected ; on the contrary , he thought that it should be supplied , but this should be done in a different manner from that now proposed . He was certain that the object could be accomplished by means of private contributions . The house was aware that several institutions were supported in this way , and he could not discover why a catholic seminary might not be adequately supported in like manner . The state had not been formerly made a party to such an institution ; he did not see , therefore , why it should be incumbered at present . On the whole , he apprehended that this measure would have the effect of making popery rival the protestant establishment in Ireland . thought that in a question of this kind , that involved the education of a great portion of the population of the empire , any sect of Christians should be tolerated , as any one sect of religion was better than no religion at all . He was as- 1085 tonished to hear from an hon . gent . over the way , that if the Roman Catholics of Ireland were to be educated in the principles of their faith , it was little matter whether they received that education in Ireland or in France . He was surprized to hear this , because it went to say that it was immaterial whether three millions of the king 's own subjects were educated at the expence and under the protection of his majesty 's government , or whether they should be pensioners on the bounty of the emperor of France . From the jealousy hitherto entertained of the growth of Catholicism , that jealousy was founded not upon the mere doctrine ; not against it as a religion ; but against its foreign views , its foreign connections , its foreign relations . But here the objection was changed ; no danger was apprehended from those foreign relations ; the Roman Catholic might go abroad ; but if kept at home , if educated in the bosom of his country , then he would be dangerous . Was this the doctrine ? If it was , let it only be repeated in order to be refuted . And if it was not ; if foreign connections were dangerous , why promote those views and strengthen those connections , by exiling the Roman Catholic for the purpose of educating him ? As to economy , 43,000l . had been just voted to the Protestant charter-schools ; 21,000l . voted to the Foundling Hospital ; that is , with a ready hand , 21,000l . had been given to the crimes of the depraved , and it was to be disputed whether 13,000l . was to be given to enlighten and to instruct three millions of a bold and hardy peasantry . Why so much freely to the Protestant , and , why dispute the little to the Catholic ? Did not this do that which was complained of ? Did it not encourage the rivalry so much apprehended , by setting up one religion against another ; and was it justice so to do ? He had heard it apprehended that the institution might tend to encourage the Roman Catholic professors in that seminary , in the latent dissemination of disloyalty : was it remembered that that seminary was subject to the controul of visitors , the chancellor and the judges of the land , and under their controul nothing in that way could be apprehended ? He wished gentlemen to look more