seem to contradict the fact of the basis of actual possession having been admitted . It is said that such a thing never could have entered Buonaparte 's head , and that , if he had negociated on such a basis , he must have continued in possession of Moravia , Austria , & c. forgetting that at the time of this negociation the French were in possession of none of those objects , and their arguments are so 311 absurd they betray the consciousness of a bad cause.—Can any one doubt then that the basis of actual possession was proposed by the French ? Can it be denied at least , that we understood that to be the basis ? Is there any trace of our having at any period admitted another ? Look at Mr. Fox 's letter of the 5th July , in which he instructs lord Yarmouth to put an end to the discussion if the French government will not `` revert to its original proposals with which your lordship was charged . '' Here I ought to take notice of a slight omission in the papers , which escaped my notice till pointed out . I had thought that the words `` nous ne vous demandons rien , '' which lord Yarmouth mentioned as used by Talleyrand , and which Mr. Fox says had been employed by M. Talleyrand in one of his letters to him , were actually in a letter among the papers on the table . It has been observed to me , however , that Mr. Fox was too accurate to quote words which had not been used , though the sentiment is found in substance in M. Talleyrand 's second letter . In reality it has been discovered , that in the private letter of M. Talleyrand , the latter uses the very words in question , accompanied with other expressions explanatory of them , such as `` that the emperor had now greatly changed his views of things , and was convinced that the greatness of England was compatible with the greatness of France , '' & c. Clear it is , however , that ministers acted upon the supposition that France offered the basis of actual possession.—I might now ask gentlemen upon the other side , what conduct we ought to have pursued ? Having received a verbal offer , do they think that we ought drily and peremptorily to have rejected it , though it was desirable to negociate , and if possible , to conclude peace ? Do they think such a course would have deserved or obtained the approbation of this house , of this country , or of Europe ? A noble lord opposite remarked , that we ought to have obtained an acknowledgement in writing , of the basis ; and something of the same sort has been said by an eminent statesman in another place . But is it in the nature of things , is it consistent with the ordinary course of such transactions , that such an acknowledgement in writing can in the first instance be demanded or obtained ? Has it not been usual in all times and countries , that negociations have commenced with some such unofficial proceedings ? And , indeed , in proportion to 312 the difficulty of the occasion , and the novelty of circumstances , to which assuredly the present can form no exception , it must happen that these unofficial proceedings must take place . If such dry , peremptory rejection of overtures of this nature , as that recommended , were to be given , it would encumber with new difficulties , that which with every facility is already so difficult , and peace would be rendered almost impossible.—But , without referring to precedents of the best times , and the examples of the most skilful negociators , I will prove from instances , which some of the gentlemen opposite will not dispute , that matters , fully as important as the offer of a basis of negociation , have been considered perfectly proper and authentic , when presented in verbal communication