and the Security against external and internal danger thereby destroyed ; no adventurers would hereafter be found to hazard their lives in an unwholesome climate , because the stimulus was taken away . The road to competence and independence amongst the white persons employed in the plantations , who composed the militia and strength of the islands , was the application of their first earnings to the purchase of a few Arican negroes , whose numbers were progressively increased by additional purchases , until of sufficient importance to establish a new plantation or invigorate an old . All the plantations which had been recently opened , and on which great sums had been expended in the construction of buildings , the clearing of lands , & c. , and which were approaching towards maturity , would be immediately checked , and for want of the assistance of fresh labourers , calculated on , and absolutely necessary for their cultivation , must eventually be . abandoned.—That the negro population of the West Indies could not be supported without importation , was demonstrated by experience , admitting a few exceptions from rare and peculiarly favourable circumstance , and this part of the question never had been fairly stated or met by the abolitionists . The inequality of the sexes , and many other causes , contribued to produce this effect ; and it must be enquired , whether what was termed a waste of human life , although improperly so denominated , was a sufficient reason for abandoning any great resource of the revenue or bulwark to the safety of the state . If so , many of the manufactories carried on in England , and the whole system of national defence ought to be abolished ; for it could not be pretended that some of the most lucrative branches of manufacture , or the great establishments of our army and navy contribute to keep up the population of the empire.—The whole system of the colonies depending on long-sanctioned usages and established laws , would be abrogated , and all this was to be effected to gratify false philanthropy arid mistaken philosophy . Let the house consider the importance of these colonies to the general interest of the nation , and then weigh the consequences . The West-India trade composed one third of the whole amount of the trade , both import and export , of Great Britain . Put not this great stake to hazard . Re- 1046 flect that a separation of interests must cause an alienation of the minds .of the colonists . If their lives and property were hazarded , these men , although actuated by the most loyal principles , could not but view this measure as an infringement of their rights . While they were sacrificed , the prosperity of their neighbours and rivals must necessarily be advanced ; for the obvious effect of this measure would be to afford greater facilities to the improvement of the colonies of our enemies , by reducing the cost of slaves to cultivate-them.—A detail of but a small part of the advantages which resulted to Great Britain from her colonial commerce , would occupy too much of the time of the house , and was the less necessary as these advantages were generally admitted : all these were to be hazarded , nay to be sacrificed , for the attainment of a phantom . He therefore entered his solemn protest against the adoption of a measure fraught with ruin to the colonies and to the empire . not having succeeded in procuring the speaker 's notice , on the second reading of the bill , was desirous of explaining briefly the grounds on which his opposition was founded . He did not defend the slave trade , with reference to Holy Writ , or to any existing moral or political evil of our own government ; on the contrary , he admitted that the trade was a great political evil of itself ; but yet it was an evil interwoven with the most important interests of the country , and with a complication of private interests on which thousands