be referred to a committee of privileges.—Mr . Sheridan seconded the motion . while he allowed that a member who presented a petition was not responsible for the truth of the matter which it contained , was . yet clearly of opinion , that it was his duty to take care that such petition was not couched in improper and disrespectful terms . He was not disposed to quarrel with any inadvertency of expression ; but if there appeared on the face of a petition a studied intention to use insulting language , the house would ill consult its own dignity in not severely animadverting on such an attempt . The present petition set out , in a most unusual manner , by complaining of a vote of that house , which , according to the statement of the petitioners , had disfranchised them , and which had deprived their legal representative of his seat . He believed a petition containing such a complaint could not be entertained . He would remark , by the way , that the first example of postponement was given by the noble lord who presented the original petition to the house against the return of his right lion . friend . But if the . petition set out in an unusual tone , the subsequent parts of it were still more extraordinary . He perfectly understood it to be the right of the people to petition 1035 that house , and to be the duty of that house to listen to their petitions . But when petitioners insisted and demanded that the house should proceed with severity against one whom they termed an offender , before the investigation of the subject had commenced , they conducted themselves in the most disrespectful manner , and deserved severe reprehension . It was , not his intention , however , to propose any proceeding to the house on the present subject , although he certainly thought it right not to let it pass unnoticed . With regard to the case stated in the petition , he trusted that it would undergo the most minute investigation , and that on whichever side the delinquency should be found to exist , the punishment should fall . with all his deference for his noble friend , thought that there would be considerable danger in establishing the precedent of allowing a petition couched in such terms to be received . To the matter no man could object , but the manner was such , that in his opinion the house would compromise its own dignity in permitting such a petition to be referred to a committee of privileges . concurred in the opinion that the door of the house ought to be thrown wide open to petitions ; but it had a , right to demand , that they should be couched in decent and decorous language . He did not , therefore , think that the house was bound in duty to receive a petition conveyed in such terms as these . agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , The words were , demand and insist , and the house could not receive a petition conveyed in such terms as were contained in this— [ here the hon . gent . threw the petition on the ground ] . The house would always feel it a duty to attend to and redress grievances , but it was not bound to receive petitions couched in language that shewed a manifest intention to insult the house . This he maintained , and cared not a farthing who heard him . suggested to his hon . friend the propriety of withdrawing the petition , as the general sense of the house appeared to be against it , and presenting another , couched in more proper and moderate terms . It was not the custom to present petitions against the proceedings of the house in affairs of this nature , and the words insist and demand , were certainly objectionable . But that was not the most objectionable part of it , and he should be 1036 inclined to pass over this