it with which we were at present at issue , and they could not fail to discover the fallacy of a system built upon compound loans and compound interest , a system which must inevitably lead to bankruptcy . There was only one authority upon which the noble lord could justify such a system , and he thanked God , that his late right hon . friend afforded no such authority . There had been but one person who , as a public man , could declare to a nation that he would provide for the expences of a war , and for the interest of the debt incurred , by loan without taxes . That man was Mr. Necker ; and he trusted the example was one which the noble lord would not be ambitious to imitate . After the difficulties experienced last year with respect to taxes , and the gloomy representations which had been made , without foundation , as it appeared to him , of the finances of the country , it was somewhat extraordinary to have this plan proposed for raising above four hundred millions upon a fund of two millions and fifty-one thousand pounds . The noble lord seemed to have found the philosopher 's stone , and certainly it would appear to Europe , as if there was conjuring in it . But from the effect of his plan , it would appear that the noble lord had discovered the negative philosopher 's stone , which his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) would explain to him—the power of spending money without creating resources . He here begged leave to repeat , that the noble lord 's system would increase the public debt ninety millions ; and contended , that there was a most striking difference between its effect , and that of the pure operation of the present system , or of either of the plans which he had himself suggested . The amount of debt under the noble lord 's system , at the end of fourteen years , would be 429,386,000l . the amount of debt under his suggestion , 369,955,000l . which would give an increase of debt of 59,000,000l . The sinking fund , in the former case , would be 27,000,000l . in the latter 11,140,000l . the war taxes however , would be completely bound in the former case , and be completely free in the latter , and allowing for the reduction by amount of excesses , it would be brought within a fraction of same proportion to the debt under the noble lord 's plan , as the sinking fund would bear to the debt under his present suggestion . The noble lord had said that the whole of the war taxes would be pledged , yet on the return of peace it would be open to determine what taxes 823 might be substituted for any part of them . The consequence would be , that the whole amount would be to be laid on in a period of peace , when the energies and zeal of a period of war would be relaxed , in the place of being gradually laid on as the occasion may require ; and the minister of the day would be placed in the situation of devising means for raising the whole at once , amounting to eight or nine millions , instead of having the twenty-one millions of war taxes at his disposal . There would be ten millions two hundred thousand pounds of the war taxes made permanent , and there would consequently remain but 10,800,000l . to be successively set free . Against such a doctrine he entered his protest . As to the plan he had suggested , he had thought that by the explanation he had given , he had saved the noble lord the trouble of making an attack upon his own principles . The whole of what the noble lord had said on that head , went to prove , that it would be more dangerous to act upon his principles for nine years , than for twenty years