If , notwithstanding the considerations he had thrown out , the house should persevere in the present course , he was of opinion that there 1059 would be great danger in hearing of counsel . By the interference of counsel , it would be rendered next to impossible to keep this case wholly distinct from the question of the validity of the late election which was to be tried by the committee between the parties in this case ; a question which the house was by law prohibited from interfering in . If the whole matter was not sent to the committee , the only way the house could reserve that part which belonged exclusively to the committee , was by keeping the examination of the witnesses in its own hands . An advocate who looked only to what was best adapted to his present object , could never act up to the delicacy which became the house upon this head , and there would thus be an endless necessity for the interposition of the house . If , however , the house should agree to have counsel , as well as to examine this matter itself , he hoped that it would not be permitted to such counsel to attempt to instruct the house with respect to its privileges ; and that particular care should be taken to prevent him from involving the two cases , which it was so essential to keep distinct . thought the house ought to protect the witnesses summoned to give evidence at its bar , and that no gentleman having a seat in the house ought to speak of witnesses about to come to the bar , in the terms of reprehension lately used a right hon . gent . thought it necessary to oppose himself a moment to the impatience of the house , in order to suggest the justice and propriety of allowing the benefit of witnesses and counsel to all the parties , as well as to the one that wet already allowed to be so heard . wished the house to go directly , into the business . As to counsel , he had no objection to give his opponents all the counsel in the realm . For himself he asked no counsel , but the justice and rectitude of that honourable house . What the petitioners connected with him might wish for , he knew not.—On the suggestion of lord Howick . was instructed to acquaint the counsel when called to the bar , that it was the pleasure of the house that be should confine himself to the matters fact alleged in the petition , to which he meant to adduce evidence . counsel for Mr. Paull , was then called in , and being instructed by the 1060 Speaker to this effect , he proceeded to state the matter of the petition , the charges contained therein , and the nature and character of the evidence by which they were to be supported . The first witness , Mr. Drake , was a lieutenant in the navy , and had had a share in those glorious actions which had attached so much glory to that service . The second witness , Weatherhead , was also in the navy . The other witnesses were men of low and humble stations . But it was only persons of low situations that any one would attempt to tamper with , and the evidence of guilt should be sought from the scenes where it had been committed . The story Mr. Drake would tell , would perhaps strike the house with so much astonishment , as almost to appear incredible . But he would here again represent to the house , that the effect should be taken in the mass , and that each part ought to be regarded as confirmatory of the rest . With respect to the object of these charges , he was a man of very high talents and character , unstained in the present instance ; as such , Mr. Paull , as well as himself , were willing to describe the right hon .