, it would be well if noble lords reflected upon this question , whether humanity was consulted by the abolition . If it were , their arguments would be well founded . But , from his own experience , he was enabled to state , that the West-India islands formed Paradise itself , to the negroes , in comparison with their native country . Knowing this , which , upon due enquiry , it was in the power of any noble lord to ascertain , he was surprised at the proposition before the house ; and , considering the high character and intelligence of the noble proposer , he declared that he could account in no other way for his having brought it forward , but by supposing that some Obiman had cast his spell upon him . ( A laugh ) . argued forcibly in support of the motion , which , in his opinion , nothing but the sacrifice of every generous and manly sentiment to cold and low calculations of self-interest ; nothing but a perversion of justice and humanity , could induce any man to defend . And with regard to the reliance which some persons professed to place upon the equity and feelings of the colonial legislatures , he begged to know if a perversion of justice and humanity were supported in that house , what was to be expected from less enlightened and liberal assemblies ? detailed several instance of wanton cruelty practised upon the negroes in the colonies by their masters , who were scarcely under the controul of any law with regard to their conduct . If human treatment were practised towards the negroes , he was certain , from his knowledge of the interior of the colonies , that a suffi- 670 cient supply could be kept up for every purpose of cultivation , and such treatment the good effects of which he had witnessed in St. Christopher 's and other of the colonies , was not , he was very much afraid , ever likely to become general , until the planters were precluded from farther supplies . considered that the abolition of the British traffic would by no means imply that of the Slave Trade in general , which could still be carried on by other states . The present had been called a measure founded on justice , humanity , and policy . If it were so in justice and humanity , he would agree that it was so it policy . But it was not clearly made out that it was so , in justice and humanity . It was , however , necessary that it should be shewn that this measure would promote the views of justice and humanity more than they were at present promoted . The learned lord then entered into a review of the measures adopted by parliament respecting this trade , which , he contended , had been sanctioned by parliaments in which sat the wisest lawyers , the most learned divines , and the most excellent statesmen ; and he declared , that on this subject he had always differed from his illustrious friend Mr. Pitt . He adverted to Mr. Locke , lord Somers , and others , and they did not think it wise or politic to oppose it . supported the abolition , and considered the Slave Trade as wholly inconsistent with the spirit of the Christian religion . He reminded the house of the story of Themistocles , who proposed a measure by which the enemies of the Athenians might be destroyed , without hazard to themselves ; which was referred to Aristides the Just : it was to destroy their fleet , while they thought they were in safety . Aristides said to the Athenians , it could be done ; but that it was unjust : upon which the people , with one voice , said it should not be done , for that the Athenians would not owe their safety to injustice . The British people should not be surpassed by the Athenians in a love of justice ; and therefore , if there