. The ordinary obligations in the course of business were not specialty but negociable securities , drawn at a short date . If specialty contracts were to be rendered necessary , that would put an end to commercial business . The case stated by his right hon . friend , had not been urged by him as the ground of his measure . But it was sufficient reason for the adoption of some such measure . Breaches of trust were , as the law now stood , but simple contract debts . Personal property bequeathed in trust for the use of infant children , might be sold by the trustee , and the money laid out in the purchase of freehold property , which , when devised over to his own children , would not be liable to these claims . In like manner , the proceeds of an estate devised in trust to be sold for the use of children , might be vested in the purchase of lands , which either when devised over to the trustee 's own children , or in case of his death , would not be liable to the claims of the persons for whose use the estate was devised . The children in both cases would be simple contract creditors , and if there should not be assets sufficient , would be driven to the support of casual benevolence , or parochial relief . This state of the law was a reproach to the country . There were cases that frequently occurred in courts of equity , and yet the gentlemen of his profession , who alone perhaps were capable of framing the remedy , had viewed them with patient acquiescence . The state of the law was peculiar to this country and Ireland . In Scotland , and in the rest of 856 Europe , no property could descend to the heir , without being chargeable with all the debts of the ancestor . An heir could be deprived of his whole property by a single stroke of a pen , in the presence of three witnesses , and was it fit that the only case in which the property should be inalienable from his heir , .was when it was to be made liable for his father 's debts . The honourable member who had spoken first in the debate , had said that no honest man would omit to make a provision by will for his debts , but this bill was to place every man in the situation of an honest man . He appealed to any gentleman who heard him , whether he would wish his estate to descend to his heir without being liable for his simple contract debts ; and he asked , why require for another what they would be ashamed of for themselves ? It had been said , that credit had already been carried to too great an extent in this country . If that were the case , they had an effectual mode of checking it , that would be attended with considerable mutual advantages , by abolishing imprisonment for debt . When a man was ready to give up all he possessed , he ought not to be imprisoned for not doing what it was impossible for him to do . Real estates were affected as well by judgments obtained on actions proved by parole testimony , as by sealed instruments or wills . In the former case , the charge amounted to a lien on the property . This Measure would neither create a lien nor lower the value of freehold property . The same provision in Scotland was not attended with any diminution of the value of freehold property . The objection that the measure ought to extend to copyhold property , he could not answer as satisfactorily as the others . The bill that had been alluded to , had been brought in by a very learned member of his profession ( Mr. Ambler ) , and had failed , perhaps , from having included in it copyhold and customary freehold property . It would be better