it proposed ; for if , from the addition which took place in the army during the late administration of two years , there were to be deducted those men who entered from the Army of Reserve , and the 13,000 men who entered from the militia ( which was only changing the existing force from one hand into the other ) , and if it were not also for allowing officers to raise corps for rank , which was generally allowed to be time very worst way of raising men , the actual increase would be found to be very small indeed . This last mode of raising men , he certainly should not approve of . Some of those measures might have been useful as mere temporary measures . They were like a dram given to the country , which for the moment might increase its power , but which would be followed by greater languor and debility . The measure which he proposed , had for its object not a mere temporary increase of numbers , but a permanent increase of the power and military means of the country . It was not a measure of that class which the noble lord seemed so much to approve of ; his object was , `` Non fumum ex fulgore , sed ex fumo dare lucem ; '' at least as far as lay in his power . The means that he had proposed for effecting this object were , first , to make the service as desirable as possible to those who were embarked in it ; and , secondly , to let it be as generally known to the people as possible , what superior advantages and comforts were in future to be given to those who should enter into the army . But if hereafter , it should be judged necessary to resort to any sort of compulsory measures , even then the advantages of the present system would be felt , and would make the compulsion much lighter ; for it could not be doubted , but that it would be much easier to procure substitutes , if the service was made desirable , than if it was not . The measures already adopted were perfectly compatible with any measure that it might hereafter be necessary to adopt ; and , if even another Army of Reserve were to be raised , the good effects of this system would operate upon that , as well as upon any other compulsory mode that could be adopted . Whatever else parliament might resolve to do , they would find the benefit of what was already done . It must be in the recollection of the house , that he never stated the measure as likely 499 to produce any powerful immediate effect in increasing the army , but he had considered it as a system which , beginning with little , would constantly increase in its operation , and , in time , materially increase the military strength and means of the country . When he was charged with delay in the execution of the system , he would at least say , that if he was to be justly charged with such delay , that fault was his and not the fault of the system . He might say , as the man who used to sell game when he was at college did , when told that his game smelt badly , `` It is not the birds , '' replied he , `` that smell bad , it is I that have a bad smell '' He should say in the same manner , if he had kept the measure too long unexecuted , the fault must be personal to him , and not it the measure . If the measure had not already made greater progress in its operation , he supposed it must be in a great measure owing to the unenlightened state of that part of the community on whom it was to act . Although the members of that house , and gentlemen of their class of life might be