every reason to believe , from what has already passed , that the emperor of Russia will continue faithful to his alliance as long as he can do so . What he may be induced to do through hard necessity , it is not for me to say , although I hope that such a necessity is not likely to occur . Certainly his situation is not such as to justify us , for any more immediate advantage to ourselves , in abandoning him . His means are still not inadequate to resist at least the last encroachment of France . Terms were offered us that were not compatible with our honour ; and , if we were to accept of these , it 320 would be at once establishing a system of non-resistance , and affording free scope to the ravages and ambition of France , and leaving her , without check or controul , to pursue her desolating career . We were bound in honour to Russia , and more than this , we were bound by express treaty . Was it stipulated by this treaty , that we should accede to any wild or extravagant demands on the part of Russia , and that we should support her in circumstances where we could not do it with honour ? No . Were we bound to assist her in unreasonable and chimerical schemes ? No . What were the objects for which Russia contended ? She insisted that Sicily should be given to the king of Naples , and this was an object for which Great Britain ought to contend more strenuously even than Russia . When it is considered in what manner the king of Naples had been brought into the war , the obligation upon us to sign no peace till Sicily is confirmed to its lawful sovereign , or a just equivalent given which he would be willing to accept , I hope we can never abandon it except on these terms . It would have broken the hearts of those brave men who fought for it on the plains of Maida , if it could have been given up on any other conditions . Then in what view are we to consider Dalmatia , the other object of Russia ? Had Russia no right to look for any thing upon the conclusion of peace ? It is true , that scarcely any point of contact existed between Russia and France , until the barriers were lately broken down , and M. Talleyrand said that there was nothing to do between France and Russia , except to agree that there should be an end to the war . But , surely , something was due to Russia for acknowledging the title of the emperor , and those of the different branches of his family , and this was not too much . But Russia had before that time taken some pains with respect to the arrangement for Sicily , and even on the principle of the uti possidetis , she was entitled to look for something considerable , for she was in possession of the mouths of the Cattaro , and why should she abandon them without some equivalent ? This then she certainly had a right to insist upon . But the matter does not rest here . Let us only consider for a few moments what is the nature of Dalmatia . It is not , when regarded with a view to France , a territory in any way calculated for objects of defence , but only for those of offence . It could be retained 321 only for the purpose of having a connection with those disaffected bashaws , who were accustomed to make war on the Porte . It would open a passage to India , if ever the French could get there by land , which however , I trust , is not very likely ; and above all , it is on the flanks of Hungary , and therefore is a position from which the chief of the French government could for ever threaten Austria , and prevent her