a system . To excite our indignation and abhorrence , it is only necessary to know , that man is bought and sold by man . I complain , sir , of the principle of the slave trade , of the principle which is intimately and inseparably united with it , of the fundamental principle upon which it rests , and by which alone it is supported . The principle is , that British subjects are allowed to tear by violence from their home their fellow creatures ; to take them from their family , and from their friends , and from all the endearments of social , though not of civilized life ; to convert them from freemen into slaves , and to subject them for the remainder of their lives to the arbitrary will and wanton caprice of others . This , sir , is the principle of which I complain , and which , I contend , is inconsistent and incompatible with every notion of humanity and justice . If we consider this subject according to that great rule of Christianity , of doing to others as we would they should do unto us , we should suppose that we 969 ourselves were in that situation in which we have placed the unhappy nations of Africa . I need not ask , sir , what would be the feelings which would in such a case pervade not only every member of this house , but every individual in this country . Then let us act upon the principles of equal and reciprocal justice , and let us not oppress and injure a nation , which is helpless and unprotected , but which is at the same time innocent and unoffending . Much more , sir , might be said upon this part of the subject , it is indeed a copious theme ; but I will not repeat what has been so often said by an hon . relation ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who was the original mover of this great question , and whose name will descend to the latest posterity , with never-fading honour , for his zealous and indefatigable exertions in the cause of suffering humanity . He has treated this subject in language much more eloquent , with arguments much more forcible , than any which I could use , and I am sensible that no words of mine could do justice either to the cause itself , or to my own feelings , upon the subject.—With respect , sir , to the policy of the slave trade , I shall say only a very few words , because I do not imagine that a shadow of doubt can remain upon the mind of any one after the conclusive reasonings which we have heard . I can not coincide in opinion with those who represent the slave trade as politic and expedient . I believe it will be found upon this as upon every other subject , that nothing is really politic , that nothing is really expedient , or conducive to the interests of this or of any other country , that is not conformable to the principles of humanity and justice . Whenever this subject has been agitated in the house , a number of petitions have been presented , complaining of the evil consequences which it is apprehended would result from the abolition of the slave trade . These petitions are founded , however , on the assumption of a proposition , which is wholly inadmissible . It is maintained , that if no slaves are imported into our West-India islands , those colonies could not be cultivated . This is a proposition not only false and unfounded , but which has been repeatedly confuted by those who are better qualified than myself to discuss it . I believe the contrary to be case ; I believe that if the importation of slaves were to be stopped to-morrow , those colonies would flourish , and would prosper , and , I am sure that their popula- 970 lation would considerably increase . Now , upon this proposition so false