people would attend to their commercial interests . Since the publication of this decree , which had been at first general as to all nations , some communication had taken place between the American minister in this country and the French government , in consequence of which some practical relaxation of the decree had taken place . This was one ground why we should look upon America with jealousy ; and it was an aggravation that she had , by a secret understanding with the French government , contrived to take her shipping out of the operation of the decree , that was at first general , and placed herself in a situation of connivance with the French government . An American agent might have represented to the French government , how little it could gain by the execution of the decree , so far as America was concerned ; that France had not the power of intercepting American vessels , and therefore as she could not gain much , that she might the more readily take from the Americans the necessity of vindicating their own rights , by resisting the execution of the decree , and leave their neutral flag still to cover French colonial produce . It was not surprising that the deputies of Hamburgh , and the Hans Towns , had failed in their mission to the French ruler ; but when the case of America had been stated to him , it was too obvious not to awaken him to a sense of the policy of attending to it . If it should not also awaken his majesty 's government to a sense of what they ought to do parliament ought to make them alive to the measures which should be adopted in consequence of the aggressions of the French government , and the supineness of his majesty 's ministers . On all these grounds he should support 645 the motion of his honourable and learned friend . said , if he had had any doubts as to the propriety of granting the paper moved for by the hon . and learned gent . when he had given notice of his motion on a former day , he felt that those doubts would have been greatly removed by the speech of the learned gent . himself , and of the noble lord who had just sat down . Nothing could be more hostile to the constitutional principle than what had been stated by the learned gent . as the ground of his motion ; nothing more hostile to the feelings of that house , or to the interests of the country . It had always been his opinion , that it was the duty of that house to watch the conduct of his majesty 's ministers ; that it was the duty of the house to give them its confidence , until it should see some sufficient ground for withdrawing it , and to carry up advice to his majesty with respect to the great concerns of the government . But this was the first time in which it had been proposed to recommend to his majesty from that house a great measure of warfare . This was the first instance of the house having been called upon to go to the foot of the throne to tell his majesty , that the house , not approving of a particular war measure , recommended another to be adopted in its place . If the house was of opinion that the war had been improvidently conducted by ministers , it was their duty to state to his majesty , and to the house , that circumstance : that they had forfeited their claim to confidence , and to address for their removal from office . But he looked upon the present proceeding as being most unconstitutional as it was most unprecedented , inasmuch as it had for its object to force government to alter the measures it had adopted with respect to the neutrals of our allies , before it could be known what effect they would produce . If the ground of the learned gent .