, but yet in stating , professedly with a view to inform ministers of the points upon which he should feel it necessary to require further explanation , he has not declined to indulge in a strain of animadversion very well calculated to produce an undue opinion of the case . Without waiting for the further explanations which he professed to think necessary , he has thought proper to assert , that the statement in his majesty 's declaration relative to the first overture for a negociation coming from the French government , appeared to be unfounded . Does the hon . gent . mean to argue that the first letter of my late right hon . friend which related merely to the assassin , and which did equal honour to the head and heart of that illustrious person , had any reference whatever to a negociation for peace ? No , not a word about it . The right hon . gent . has also animadverted with some severity on Mr. Fox for not having disclaimed the compliment paid exclusively to himself on the subject of this assassin . Every one who knew him was sensible , that exalted man was ever anxious and eager to defend the character of friend or foe when assailed by base aspersions . He had done so at the court of France during the interval of peace , and when Buonaparte intimated to him , that my right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Windham ) was the abettor of a conspiracy 70 against his life , he Openly declared to him , in the presence of his whole court , that it was a false accusation ; that he was sensible and confident it must be so , for that Mr. Windham was , to his knowledge , a gentleman possessing the highest sense of honour , and altogether incapable of so base a design . Then why should the letter of my distinguished predecessor , be subject to the interpretation attached to it ? But as to the circumstance of making the first overture for peace , I perfectly concur with the hon . gent. , that there is nothing dishonourable in the thing itself , provided circumstances call for it . So far , indeed , am I from entertaining any such opinion , that were a promising opportunity to offer , and any change to appear in the pretensions of the enemy , I should not be slow to make an overture for negociation , from any fear of the reprehension that it might incur , particularly on the score of false pride . But with respect to the late negociation , I am warranted in asserting , that when the person at the head of the French government told one of his assemblies that the first overture was made by this country , he stated that which was untrue . The correspondence published by the French government is imperfect in a material point as to this part of the case . Only one letter in answer to the first letter of Mr. Fox appears in this publication , and a second letter , by which it was accompanied , is altogether omitted . In this second letter , which is by much the more material , Talleyrand writes somewhat in these terms , `` Probably you would desire to receive news from this country . I send you the emperor 's speech to the legislative body , in which you will perceive how pacific his sentiments are . I do not ask what is the prevailing inclination with you : but if the advantages of peace are duly appreciated , you know upon what basis it may be discussed . '' Now , this letter being suppressed , the hon . gent . and others , who think with him , are of course incompetent to judge upon this point , with regard to which they seem disposed to form such a positive opinion . But this letter will be laid before the house , accompanied with some private communications upon the same point , which we