utility and advantage to Scotland . He submitted the plan to the exercise of their lordships ' judgment and deliberation . He proposed , in order to give time for the due consideration of the subject , that the second reading of the bill should not take place until that day three weeks . His lordship concluded by presenting a bill for the better regulation of courts of justice in Scotland . The Duke of Montrose expressed some doubts with respect to the efficacy of the proposed plan , and particularly with respect to the extension to Scotland of the trial by jury in civil cases . This part of the plan would he thought create considerable alarm in Scotland , if proposed to be extended to the whole of that country , as it would alter the value of securities at present perfectly legal . Lord Eldon expressed his entire approbation of the general principle of the bill , and declared his wish to give every assistance in promoting the great object which was proposed to be attained , which he considered of the most essential importance , and with respect to which it had been his intention to propose some measure with the view of remedying the evil which undoubtedly existed . He acceded to the proposed measures of having three chambers or courts and a court of revision , con- 793 vinced that the most essential advantages resulted from the three courts of law in Westminster Hall , which were in fact courts of revision with respect to each other , the decisions made in each becoming subjects of discussion in the others , and the opinions of the judges upon important points of law being perfectly well known . He had no doubt that although for some time probably , if this measure was carried into effect , the court of revision would have a great influx of business , yet that from the advantages resulting from three courts of co-ordinate jurisdiction , that court of revision would , in the course of a few years , be as seldom called upon as the court of error or exchequer chamber in this country . He wished to impress their lordships with respect to the trial by jury , that the court of session was a court of equity as well as a court of law , and therefore that it would require considerable care in framing provisions for the purpose of forming issues of fact to be tried by a jury . He thought it would be more advisable to fix the second reading for that day month , instead of three weeks . Lord Hawkesbury concurred in opinion with respect to the principle of the measure , except as to the extension of the trial by jury , as proposed in the bill , respecting which he had considerable doubts . He thought it would be better to detach this from the bill , and make it the subject of a separate bill . Lord Ellenborough was decidedly of opinion that the extension of the trial by jury was essential to the proposed measure , inasmuch as they must look to that for the purpose of lessening the quantity of appealable matter to that House . He was so thoroughly convinced of the essential advantages to be derived from this part of the pan , and that it was so great a boon to Sotland , that nothing but petitions from the whole population of Scotland against the measure could convince him that it was unwise or inexpedient . Lord Grenville expressed great satisfaction at the liberal manner in which this measure had been received by the house . With respect to the second reading of the bill , it was his wish that if the measure passed that house it should be sent down to the other house of parliament in a reasonable period of the session , and with that view he wished the bill to be committed previous to the Easter recess . He thought , therefore , that 794 if it was understood that the second reading should take place on