interrupted the noble lord , and said , that if he did not mean to propose any motion , it would be inconvenient and improper to enter upon the particulars in a case of this nature . again rose , and said , that he was sorry to trespass on the attention of the house , but all that he had said , or meant to have said , was intended merely to account for the line of conduct which he had pursued in this business . was sensible of the irregularity of prolonging the discussion , but hoped he should be excused for taking this opportunity of explaining to the house the proceedings which the treasury had thought it right to adopt upon the third report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , which he was not surprised to find had attracted the notice of his noble friend , and of the house in general . No delay had taken place in the steps which the treasury had thought it its duty to pursue ; and it would under these circumstances be an imputation that ministers had not used proper activity , if the house should take the prosecution out of then hands , and institute steps of its own . The commissioners of barrack accounts had very properly communicated to the lords of the treasury their opinion , that it was very necessary Mr. Davison should produce his cash account with the barrack-master-general . The lords had in consequence directed the commissioners to call for this account ; they had written two letters to Mr. Davison , containing a demand to that effect ; no answer had been returned to these letters , and the commissoners reported the fact to the lords of the treasury . The lords of the treasury then called peremptorily on Mr. Davison to produce the account , and Mr. Davison did reply to them , assigning a domestic calamity as the excuse for his delay , and declaring his readiness to give such information as to his cash account as he could give ; but stating , that as his cash account was mixed with his other accounts , it was impossible he could give a clear view of it . This answer was referred to the commissioners , who stated upon it that it was not satisfactory ; and that if the accounts kept by Mr. Davison were in such a form as to be 609 useful at all , the information which the commissioners wished could be collected from them . The lords of the treasury upon this ordered the Third Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , and the correspondence between the barrack commissioners and the treasury and Mr. Davison , to be laid before the attorney and solicitor general , for their opinion , as to what steps ought to be taken to obtain the disclosure of the cash account , and to have justice done to the public in the recovery of what was due to it . The attorney and solicitor general reported their opinion , and recommended as the more speedy mode of proceeding , if parliament should concur in the opinion , that a bill should be passed , enabling the commissioners of barrack accounts to call upon Mr. Davison to produce his books , and to enforce his compliance , rather than to institute proceedings to that effect in the exchequer . He believed , his learned friend the attorney-general was prepared to submit a motion to that effect this night . It was not competent to him to say , in the present stage of the business , whether any evidence upon which to ground a criminal prosecution would be found ; but if it should , the attorney and solicitor general would be instructed by the lords of the treasury to institute proceedings upon it . Mr. Davison had written to the lords of the treasury , stating that he would produce an account in his own defence , which would prove satisfactory . But unless he could produce his cash account , the noble lord did not see how it