In five or six weeks afterwards , lord Yarmouth arrived from Paris , when , by desire of his majesty 's ministers , he committed to writing the substance of the various communications he had held with M. Talley rand , who , it appears , in the name of the government of France , made use of the following expression , `` nous ne vous demandons rien , '' words which he afterwards energetically repeated . And , my lords , I apprehend , that no one who has carefully perused these papers , will attempt to contradict the assertion , that previous to the 20th of July last , when M. d'Oubril signed the Provisional Treaty with France , in the name of the Russian government , my lord Yarmouth entertained no doubt on his mind , that the state of actual possession was the mutually acknowledged basis . The first attempt to question it , in fact , though even then not expressly in words , was after this period , when M. Talleyrand avowed , that circumstances had altered , and that , in consequence , the French government had determined not to agree to that which was consented to originally , and that they must insist upon having possession of Sicily . I admit also , that upon three subsequent occasions , attempts were made by the French negociators to deny the statements of lord Yarmouth , and that uniformly after the signature of M. d'Ou- 280 bril 's treaty , In the answer of the French negociator of the 8th of August , to the note presented by lord Lauderdale , general Clarke declares , that the idea of treating on the basis of the uti possidet is , had never entered into the mind of the French emperor , and that he would not give up Tobago , nor any other part of the territory of France , the integrity of which he had sworn to defend . But even during that interval , when it was not known whether D'Oubril 's treaty would be ratified or not ; or rather when , as it should seem , the French government had reason to apprehend the refusal of its ratification by the emperor of Russia , and when pressed in conversation between lord Yarmouth and gen. Clarke , and reminded by the former of the various conversations which had taken place between him and M. Talleyrand , on this point ; general Clarke merely evaded , without denying them , calling them loose conversations , `` des romans politiques ; '' and lord Lauderdale states , that they did not deny the fact , when they were met face to face ; when strongly urged on this point , not one of the French negociators denied that such was the agreement with lord Yarmouth . And it is remarkable , that , although the chief of the government of France then declared that he would never alienate Tobago , nor any other part of the territory of France , which he had sworn to defend ; yet , in the course of a few days afterwards , a proposal was made to cede not only Tobago , but Pondicherry also , and Chandernagore and Mahee , to Great Britain . Now , all this combines to shew , that the statement of lord Yarmouth was originally well founded , as well as how little confidence can be placed in the assertions of the French government and its plenipotentiaries . The papers which have been submitted to your lordships ' consideration , prove the truth of the fact that lord Yarmouth was authorized to make the communications he did , from the French to the British government ; and afterwards , when lord Lauderdale met the French ministers , face to face , one of them attempted to evade and shuffle , whilst he could not deny the fact . I apprehend , therefore , my lords , that we are fairly entitled to argue , from the silence and the admission of the French plenipotentiaries themselves , that the uti possidetis was the