the army , and the means at present existing for keeping it to its proper establishment . His two next , and indeed his only , further motions related to branches of our military force , that were collateral to the regular army , and calculated to support and keep it up ; he meant the volunteers , and that other branch , which had engaged so much of the attention of the house during last session , when the general Training bill was under discussion . He proposed to move for a Return of the effective strength of the Volunteers , on the 1st of January , 1806 , and also at the latest period of any returns of that force , distinguishing the period at which the last returns had been made . He felt that much information was necessary on the subject of the Volunteers ; but a more seasonable opportunity would occur for calling for it , and discussing the question , when the documents he was then to move for should be before the house . The fourth head of information to which his motions referred , was the sole one that remained for him to advert to , namely , the general Training bill ; because , whatever the right hon . gentleman might think of his explanation upon that head on a former night , it had proved by no means satisfactory to him , nor did he think it could be satisfactory to the house , or to the public . It did not appear from the right hon . gent . 's statement , that any steps had been taken in execution of that measure , except so far as respected the procuring lists . His last motion , therefore , should be for an abstract of the proceedings that had taken place in execution of that bill . When the information for which he proposed to move should be before the house , he should be prepared to state his opinion ; and if the papers should not prove , that the state of the army was not , according to the prospects that had been held out to that house last session , more satisfactory , than , upon the general information which a person circumstanced as he was could obtain , was disposed to believe it ; he should never bring himself to consent to a renewal of 440 that fundamental change in the Mutiny act , which the right hon . gent . had introduced into it last session . If it should not appear that a great increase had been effected by the alteration in the amount of the army , whilst it laid the foundation of so great a diminution of its numbers , he should feel it his duty to endeavour to bring back the Mutiny act to its former provisions , and to those principles upon which the British army had been carried to such an extent of reputation and strength . The noble lord concluded with submitting his motions , which were to the following effect , to the house : — '' 1 . That there be laid before the house , monthly returns of the amount of the effective strength of his majesty 's regular troops and militia , from the 1st of March , 1806 , to the 1st of January , 1807 , inclusive ; distinguishing cavalry , foot guards , infantry of the line , garrison and veteran battalions , foreign and local corps , German legion , West-India corps , British and Irish militia , and distinguishing those serving abroad from those serving at home.—2 . A similar return of the effective strength of the artillery for the same period inclusive , distinguishing the corps serving abroad and at home.—3 . A return of the number of men raised monthly for the regular army , from the 1st of Jan. 1805 , to the 1st of Jan. 1807 , exclusive of foreign or colonial levies , and distinguishing those raised by the additional force act , by the regular recruiting , and those that were inlisted