of the day might make the additional appropriation of 4 per cent . the ground of future loans . If the taxes appropriated should not be productive , parliament would be bound to make them good . But he thought the property tax more equalized between the landed and moneyed interest , not descending so low as at present , with an allowance to persons having small incomes , with larger families , and facilities of recovery of the tax where proved by those who had no right to pay , would be better retained than the other war taxes . Taxes which came in by a circuitous operation were felt more than a direct tax . But if any thing could keep down the price of articles , and insure the economical expenditure proposed by the noble lord , it was the cessation from taxation for 3 years . As to subsidies to foreign powers , he had never been a friend to them and did not approve of the grant of them in older or more recent times . He regretted the whole of the expenditure of that description , because the powers of the continent always pursued their own objects and interests . It was difficult , nevertheless , for an individual member of that house to oppose such grants , when recommended on the great and grave authority of persons who had access to documents shewing the views of foreign powers . He approved of many parts a the plan of the noble lord , and he lamented that other parts of it should be contained in it , but on the whole he thought that the plans which had been recommended by his hon . friend , would not obviate any of the imperfections of the noble lord 's plan , and would augment many of them . observed , that the hon . gent , 927 who had spoken last had approved of the plan of the noble lord , which was only an anticipation of the war taxes , though he had expressed a doubt of the taxes being productive in time of peace . The hon . gent . had stated , that it would be better to continue the property tax than the other war taxes . But he apprehended that the appropriated war taxes would not redeem the loans for which they might be mortgaged in 14 years , but would require a much longer time , in proportion as the price of the funds would rise , and with this impression he thought it would be madness to pledge the war taxes . The right hon . gent . then repeated his former observations to prove that none of the war taxes , except the property tax , could be expected to be productive in time of peace . He was not prepared to agree to any one of the many projects that had been submitted to the house , but as no inconvenience could arise from the delay of one year , he again pressed the necessity of putting off the final adoption of the measure till next session . He particularly objected to the continuance of the duty on tonnage after the war . This country was at present in possession of the whole trade of the world , and no person could be so sanguine as to suppose , that we should not have rivals for that trade in time of peace . A duty on tonnage and landage had been laid on in the reign of Charles II . when the principles of political economy were not so well understood as at present , but this had been taken off in the reign of William III . so far as related to woollen manufactures , and was entirely done away in 1720 , in the reign of George II . Was a duty repealed in that reign to be resorted to in the present ? It would be a serious motive for the consideration of the house , that the German linens rivalled our manufactures of that article in our West-India islands , and even