obvious to those who were at all acquainted with the comparative engagements of these two courts . In the court of session there was , in fact , such a crowd of business , that that court had not leisure to attend to the discharge of this commission , while the court of exchequer was fully enabled , without any inconvenience , to execute every thing that appertained to it . The one court was really a bankrupt in its business to the country , notwithstanding the extraordinary activity and diligence of the judges , and particularly that of the chief judge , who was indeed a model of industry ; while the other court was comparatively disengaged . The removing therefore the superintendence of teinds to a tribunal which had time to attend to it , was of course desirable . Ithe next place , he proposed to create 839 fund for the provision of the clergy , from the stipends received by patrons from the death of an incumbent to the induction of his successor . Such receipts patrons had heretofore disposed of for such purposes as they thought proper to consider pious ; but it was now generally felt , that the erection of the fund he had mentioned , would be by much the most pious application of it . The noble lord concluded with moving `` for leave to bring in a bill for repealing certain parts of the act of the parliament of Scotland passed in the fourth session of the first parliament of queen Anne , intitled , ? Act anent Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds ; ' and for vesting in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland , the said powers : and for regulating the proceedings of the said Court of Exchequer , as to the exercise of such powers . '' observed , that as this motion concerned religion , the regular mode of proceeding , according to the standing order , would be to take it into consideration , in the first instance , in a committee of the whole house.—After a few words from lord A. Hamilton , the house resolved into the committee suggested by the Speaker , the resolution proposed was agreed to ; and on the house resuming , the chairman obtained leave to bring , in the bill . The house , after lord H. Petty had announced his majesty 's acquiescence in the measure , resolved itself into a similar committee on the motion of the Lord Advocate ; and the noble lord proposed that leave should be given to bring in a bill to improve the stipends of such of the parochial Clergy of Scotland as are precluded from farther augmentation by the exhaustion of their teinds . hoped he should not be represented as hostile to the interests of the Scotch clergy , who were a most respectable body , and for whom no man had a higher respect than he had , if he thought it right to state here that in making a suitable provision for their maintenance , regard ought always to be had to the situation in which the order had for two centuries stood . That situation was that of a middle rank , between the common people and the gentry , moderating the pride of the latter and the turbulence of the former . He thought the application of the revenues of vacant benefices might exceed the moderate and suitable provision he proposed . considered this a measure of the utmost importance . He had received many communications respecting it , and hoped that time would be allowed to all parties to investigate its merits . was disposed to accede to any period of delay that could be reasonably expected , and he had no doubt that upon a fair consideration of its merits , such persons as might at present misunderstand it , would be reconciled to its provisions . To afford therefore to any who opposed the measure an opportunity of correcting their errors , and amending their feelings , he proposed if the bill should be read a first time