on or before the 9th year , then no new taxes would be required in addition to those which the noble lord proposed , for the excesses of the sinking fund would be disposable for the loan of the preceding year . But supposing the case of war , then 3 millions must be raised to be distributed over a period of 6 years , and the balance in favour of his plan , even on the supposition of twenty years war , would be the difference between 6 millions and 21 millions pledged . He objected to the system of double loans ; first a loan , then the interest , and next a loan to pay the interest of the interest . But if this plan was to be acted on , then it ought to be for a period as short as possible , and he thought it should be confined to 9 years , instead of 20 . Whatever embarrassment there might be in the modification , it arose out of the noble lord 's own complicated system . The spirit , therefore , of his 8th resolution was still just , though greater loans would be neces- 796 sary than it supposed . But the objection did not at all attach to the 9th resolution . His modification would still relieve the noble lord from the mortgage of the war taxes , and from his loans of 32 millions . Whatever advantage the noble lord would derive from his increased sinking fund , yet that would not counterbalance the inconvenience to the money market . It was sufficiently obvious that they wished for no vexatious delay ; he had exposed himself to the risk of falling into mistakes , from his anxiety that the outlines of his view of the subject should be before the house before the discussion of the plan . But yet he was under considerable embarrassment from not having been able to obtain from the noble lord the subsequent tables , which were wanting to enable him to complete his own view ; though he admitted that this did not proceed from any unwillingness in the noble lord to furnish them . But certainly the embarrassment was excessive , to be called upon , with such a short preparation , to decide upon a plan not for one year , but for 20 years , a circumstance in which the credit of parliament was materially involved . The noble lord proposed to call upon the house to decide upon the first resolution . He admitted that this did not preclude the parliament from taking up the subject again , but it was unseemly for parliament to be placed in such a situation , that it must adopt a plan for 20 years , and then be obliged , like children , to revise it in a year or two . This exercise of discretion would be attended with great embarrassment and loss of parliamentary character . He really therefore wished that in the further proceedings on this subject , some method should be agreed upon , which would prevent this embarrassment , and enable parliament to decide on a full view of the subject . For this purpose , two courses might be adopted . The noble lord might allow it to lie over for some time , till the members should have had full time to consider it in the present session ; or if that should not be agreed to , then as a dernier resort he would propose that the noble lord should only act upon his plan for one year , and leave parliament free to investigate it in the interval between this and the next sessions . It was so embarrassing and difficult , that the noble lord , or his successor , must desist from the execution of it . This was his opinion , and he hoped the loble lord would not press it into a committee at present , when he must know 797 that parliament was so little prepared to enter upon the consideration of the plan . The accounts which he