which he held in his hand from James Paull , esq . the petitioning candidate for Westminster . The noble lord stated , that the petitioner com–plained of a breach of the standing order of that house which regarded witnesses , and requested that it might be read . It declares , `` That if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any witness , in respect of his evidence to be given to this house , or any committee thereof , or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing , or giving evidence , the same is declared to be high crime and misdemeanour ; and this house will proceed with the utmost severity against such of fender . `` —The noble lord then presented the following Petition , which was read by he clerk at the table : 998 `` To the honourable the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled : The humble petition of James Paull , esq . one of the candidates to represent the city of Westminster at the last elec–tion for members of Parliament to serve for the said city , to ask the noble lord , whether it was his intention to follow up this petition by any grave proceeding , because , if so , he would reserve what he had to state upon this subject , until such proceeding should be proposed ? replied , that he meant the next day to ground a motion upon this petition , of which he took that opportunity to give notice.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table reminded the noble lord , that a question of considerable im–portance stood for the next day observed , that as the motion of the noble lord referred to a breach of privilege , it naturally took precedency of every other question concurred with the opinion the house had just heard from the chair , that it had always been usual to proceed to the consideration of any charge connected with a breach of privilege with all convenient expedition . Indeed , the prompt investigation of such an important point was so desirable , that he should wish it to be gone into that night . If the noble lord were inclined to proceed , he could not sup–pose that there existed on any side of the house the slightest indisposition to hear him after all that he had heard of the doctrine of notices , was not prepared to expect that the house would be willing to entertain a question of this 1001 nature without a previous notice . Such notice being always usual upon grave occa–sions , he confessed that he was not ready to enter into this question at present ; nor did he believe the parties interested for the petition were ready either . For neither he nor they could have expected that the house would have felt disposed to deviate from its general practice in this particular instance felt it his duty to abstain at present from any remark upon this ex–traordinary petition . Indeed , if he were now to enter into its allegations , he very much apprehended that he might be led to speak of it in warmer terms of scorn and contempt than would be quite becoming , after the order which the house had just made . His hope and desire was , that the consideration of this subject would be pro–ceeded upon as soon as possible , and he sincerely wished that the noble lord might collect and present petitions , containing all the charges circulated against him , either during the progress , or since the termination of the Westminster election . He would be glad to have the whole of that transaction brought before the house , and fully investigated , It was not one act alone , but every pert of the proceeding that it was his wish to have discussed . He had no reason to be afraid of any thing that could be proved . It was the loose al–legation which originated in