the negroes . He meant no reflection on the planters , who in general were respectable men . The blame lay with their agents abroad . That bad treatment impeded the population , 951 appeared from Mr. Long 's history of Jamaica ; who , though no friend to the abolition , stated that the population increased in proportion to the good treatment and moderate labour . He denied that the prevention of importation would increase the labour of those that were left , for the slaves had been imported to supply the vacancies by the excess of deaths , and for the purpose of extending the cultivation . To shew that bad treatment and severity diminished the usefulness of the negro , he mentioned the fact that a negro , in cultivating the piece of ground given to himself , did more in half a day than he would do in a whole one under the lash of an unfeeling overseer . The argument was peculiarly striking when applied to the female sex , who were often employed so as to destroy the child before it was born , or so as to prevent its being brought up . A proper care and attention , he was persuaded , would produce a rapid increase.—We , said the noble lord , are told by the enemies to this measure , that the West-India Islands will be put in a state of revolt , if we agree to the abolition ; that it will create a spirit of disaffection and rebellion . The preamble to the bill is particularly complained of , because it declares , that the traffic in slaves is contrary to the dictates of justice and humanity . Is it necessary , sir , to tell the negro , who is torn from his native land , his wife , his children , and his friends , that that act of violence , which tears him from all his former endearments in life , is contrary to humanity ? This is a principle which is implanted in his breast by the great hand of the Almighty . Yet it is said , it is told them by the preamble o the bill ! If he can not see it upon the wounds inflicted on the back of his fellow sufferer , if he can not hear it in the cries of his fellow slave , are we to suppose that he will read it in the preamble of a bill ? Such an argument is futile and absurd ; and what is more , too , I may say , that the planters and West-India merchants themselves do no believe it , or if they do , never was the conduct of men more imprudently regulated . Afrer 20 years , during which this question has been often agitated , is the house to be told , that all the debates which have taken place , all the motions and resolutions which have been made by the house of commons , all the reports that have in consequence gone forth , declaring that their slavery was contrary to humanity , have had no effect in inducing that con- 952 viction , which is so anxiously , at present , wished to be avoided in the preamble of a bill ? Has not the Jamaica Gazette , on various occasions , states the very means by which that insurrection might be produced , by which their plans of revolt might be organized , and a stimulus and incitement afforded to the negroes to carry their operations into effect ? Look at the state of these islands for the last 20 years , and say , is it not notorious , that there never were so few insurrections , amongst the negroes , as at the very time they knew that such an abolition of this infamous traffic was under discussion ? But , it has been argued , that the non-importation of fresh negroes would tend to impose additional labour upon the old ones already in the islands ; but this is a consequence which I am far from