The first was objected to by Harris , principally because it had the letters M. P. annexed to Mr. S. 's signature . He did know who wrote these initials ; though he wrote the letter , he had nothing to do with the insertion of M. P. ; when Drake brought him this letter signed by Mr. S. , he saw , for the first time , the letters M. P. , and they , as well as the signature , were quite wet . Harris did certainly propose to Drake to give him some money if he would procure him a letter from sir H. Parker or some other flag-officer , recommendatory of him in his business of slop-selling . He never saw any money paid on this score , but was aware of the contract . He really did believe the signature to the first letter was that of Mr. S. , but he thought M. P. quite absurd , as no parliament existed at the time . He advised Drake to destroy the first letter . Drake thanked him for the advice , after he had acted upon it . He never gave this advice under any impression that the signature was a forgery . He entertained no such uncharitable suspicion . He had no more disposition to suspect the genuineness of the second than that of the first letter . Witness was asked by Mr. S. whether there were not 4 or 5 witnesses present at the only time that he ever happened to see him ? Yes.—Did I not say in your presence , that I never conversed with any one upon the subject of the Westminster election unless three or four witness were present ? A . Something to that effect.—Q . Were you not introduced to me by . Drake , upon that the only time I ever spoke to you , as a clergyman ? A . No , I am no cushion-thumper.—Q . Did not Drake describe you as the Rev . Mr. Weatherhead ? A . It might be so , but I did not notice it.—Witness further deposed that Drake was to be remunerated in money for his trouble in getting the second letter from Mr. S. , and that Harris promised his vote and interest for Mr. S. at the election Witness 1067 sent at the supper given at the Bath Hotel in Piccadilly , where Harris , Daws , and Drake were . He heard no conversation about the letter in the possession of Harris . He did not hear any sum of money offered by Drake to Harris , to induce him to give it , nor any request whatever , upon the subject John Richards stated that he had been employed in the election by Mr. Downes , and that he had received money from Burgess by recommendation of Downes , for his services and expences . On being cross-examined by Mr. S. , he said he had never seen Mr. S. with Mr. Burgess . He had not written a threatening letter to Mr. Downes , but he was obliged to acknowledge that he had , since the election , written a letter to Mr. T. Sheridan , complaining that he had not been sufficiently remunerated , and threatening to go to Mr. Paull 's side , and to do every thing in his power against Mr S. , unless his demands were complied with . Being examined by the petitioning counsel he stated , that he had been present at conversations in which Wallis had stated , that the warrants of the Speaker would be out when the consideration of the petition was postponed , and those who chose might go out of the way , and would receive money to that purpose.—Jeremiah James likewise spoke , to different meetings at the Peacock , and afterwards at the Barley Mow , Drurylane , where Pullen , Richards , and Sperring , had met Wallis , who , he said , had treated them with a dinner at the Barley Mow , and allowed them money for their loss of time in meeting