hon . baronet , which , the hon . baronet himself had admitted , would more properly have been addressed to a right hon . friend of his , not then in the house , all he had to say upon that subject was , that the letters , which had been received concerning it , had already been communicated to the public . He was not aware of any other information on the subject , which his majesty 's ministers thought necessary to be produced to the public . thanked the noble lord for the manliness and candour of his answers . He wished only to know , whether his majesty 's ministers had actually reserved the right of adopting more vigorous measures ; because the answer of the noble lord on the former occasion , had . been variously stated to him . As to the issue of the money , he wished to be informed on what particular ground that measure had been founded ? He now perceived that it was founded on the treaty of 1805 , which was no longer in force ; and as this did not seem satisfactory to him , he proposed , on some future day , to submit a motion to the house on the subject . desired it might be distinctly understood that the money sent was only the balance due to Russia for services performed under the stipulations of that treaty . did not mean to prolong this conversation , but as his notice had been adverted to in the course of it , he took that opportunity of intimating his intention , in consequence of the unavoidable absence of an hon . friend , to put off his motion , from the Thursday for which it was then fixed , to the Tuesday following . The learned gent , at the same time disclaimed any wish to force the terms of the treaty with America into premature discussion . Lord Grenville said , that finding it would better suit the convenience of many noble lords to have the discussion on the bill for abolishing the Slave Trade postponed , he rose for the purpose of moving to defer the second reading of the bill till Monday 469 se'nnight . He confessed it was with great reluctance that he consented to postpone a measure of such great importance , and which demanded an early discussion . It was , however , of importance , that the consideration of this measure should be so fixed as to enable as many of the noble lords as possible to attend the discussion , and therefore he moved , to defer the second reading till Monday se'nnight . rose to thank the noble lord for the proposed delay . He was , however , of opinion , that the extended time now proposed , was no more than sufficient to allow the bill to be properly known and considered throughout the country . The noble lord then moved for an address to his majesty , praying that there might be laid before the house copies or extracts of any correspondence between his majesty 's principal secretary of state , and the governors of the colonies , respecting the amelioration of the condition of the slaves , and the effect of the abolition of the trade in slaves in the colonies . Information on these points had not , he observed , been laid before that house for several years , and he thought it of importance that they should be put in possession of information upon these subjects , previous to the discussion upon the bill for abolishing the slave trade . said he had no objection to the motion , although he doubted whether the production of these papers would afford so many proofs of zeal in the colonies , with respect to the objects comprised in the motion , as the noble lord seemed to expect.—The motion was agreed to . A new writ was issued for a burgess to serve for Coleraine , in the room of sir G. F. Hill , who had made his election for Londonderry.—The