forty to fifteen . Some time after , Mr. 425 White from the committee made his appearance at the bar , and presented a list of the members selected , which was read by the Speaker , and which was as follows : viz . Sir F. Fletcher Vane , W. Jacob , esq . hon . W. Howard , A. Atherley , esq . A . Tower , esq . T. R. Beaumont , esq . earl Percy , J. H Tremayne , sir J. Lubbock , hon . A. Foley , lord Walpole , G. Jones , J. Barry , esq . J. Raine , esq . W. Dickenson , esq . : the two last names were appointed nominees.—The Exchequer Bills bill , and the Annual Indemnity bill , were read a second time . Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee of supply on the Ordnance Estimate.—The first resolution being put , observed , that there were two charges which appeared to him to require some explanation . Among the stores sent to Ceylon , amounting to 59,400l . he observed some gun-powder , estimated at 4,000l . Now it seemed very improvident to send out so much powder from this country , when it might have been sent to Ceylon at a much cheaper rate from some of our Settlements in the East Indies . This was the first charge which struck him with surprise . The second was this ; he observed that for worms , turn-screws , & c. the charge for the service of Ireland was about 7,000l . while that for England was only 1,000l . This required explanation . replied to the first observation of the hon . gent . that all stores furnished for foreign service were done so under an order from the secretary of state 's office ; but that not having that order then about him , he was unable to produce it . As to the difference between the charge of worms and turn-screws , & c. for England and for Ireland , he rather supposed , that a part of the charge for the former country was included in the sums provided for in the other resolutions . But he would make enquiry into this subject , and would be happy to give the hon . gent . every information in his power . not only thought , that sending powder from this island to Ceylon was an oversight , but that the whole sum voted for the Ordnance Service of Ceylon , was too large to pass without animadversion . With regard to the other sums , he supposed that they were not correctly particularized in the resolution ; for it was impossible they could form a part of the sums provided for in the other resolutions , as 426 those sums were for the defraying of the expences of former years unprovided for , and what he alluded to was the charge for the current year . repeated , that he would make himself master of this subject , and endeavour to account to the hon . gent . for that which now appeared to him to be so extraordinary . The resolutions were then agreed to . Lord Castlereagh gave notice , that on Monday he would move for returns of the present effective state of our Military Establishment.—As the noble lord sat down , Mr. Secretary Windham entered the house , upon which he again rose , and observed , that had the right hon . secretary been in his place when he gave his notice , he would have put the question to him , which he would now . He wished to know whether it was in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers to carry into execution the Training Act passed in the last session , or to substitute some other means of military defence ? replied , that he did not know that any other measure was in contemplation ; that it was probable the operation of the Training act might be extended to Scotland ; and that he had no doubt in that