quite without precedent to make a motion for the production and printing of certain papers upon which the mover did not state that any direct proceeding was to be instituted , but merely upon the chance that another gentleman not a member of that house , might ground some proceeding upon them . This , however , he felt was not the proper time to argue the question ; but he could not help observing , that the course proposed must be attended with extreme hardship to the party concerned in the case to which the notice referred . For that house was to be called on to promote the circulation of the most severe attacks upon the character of the noble person a1luded to . The effects of such publications were easily to be estimated , and he would submit whether they could he in fairness acceded to , without any precise statement that a parliamentary measure would be founded upon them , or without any defi 435 nition of the statement of such measures . The noble mover did not say that any farther parliamentary proceeding would be taken upon those papers ; but merely that it might ; and really he could not think that a sufficient ground for the noble lord 's intended motion . was aware that this was not the proper time for any argument upon the subject ; but he would , with the leave of the house , make a further reply to the noble secretary of state . The object of the motion of which he had given notice , could not be fairly supposed to involve any harshness towards lord Wellesley , as the noble secretary of state stated , any farther than as it professed to assist and facilitate the enquiry respecting that noble lord 's conduct . But the noble secretary of state seemed to imagine , that there was some probability the enquiry might be relinquished , and that therefore the documents his motion would relate to , might not be necessary . Of this , however , he could assure the noble secretary , that the enquiry would certainly be persisted in ; for if no other person should offer , he pledged himself , if a member of parliament , to follow it up . The papers he had described were , the noble lord observed , laid before the house last session , and therefore there could be no just objection to their being re printed , particularly as the enquiry would be proceeded in . Indeed , if the hon . gent . who originally brought it forward should not be enabled from his presence in that house to prosecute it , he would , rather than let it drop , take it up himself . Those papers would not , therefore , be suffered to lie dormant on the table . It was for no such purpose that he intended to move for them . They were , indeed , already in the hands of the greater part of the members , and in general circulation ; but in order to satisfy the forms of the house , it was necessary to have them again laid on the table , and re-printed , before any parliamentary proceeding could be founded upon them . Whether his motion for this purpose should be agreed to or not , he could not guess . He did not indeed anticipate the opposition manifested by the noble secretary . But whether that opposition should be persisted in or not , whatever the fate of his motion might be , that motion would certainly be made , and the enquiry to which it related as certainly prosecuted . pre- 436 sented a petition from the Tanners of London against the Oak Bark bill.—Upon the motion being made for its lying on the table , stated , that he had , upon the subject of this petition , taken occasion to communicate , as his duty presented to him , with the tanners of London , among whom he found some considerable alarm prevailed , relative to the bill