the catholics , it is proposed to say , `` do not discuss the question at all . '' It may be said , `` why did not the catholics come immediately after the union ? '' I do not wish to enter into an altercation on that subject ; it is most probable that the cause of their not coming sooner was , that the right hon . gent 's resignation , accompanied with the reasons he gave for that resignation , induced them to adopt the opinion , that they could not with propriety bring their claims forward at that time . Bait the right hon . gent . in a letter written by him gives the catholics a justifiable gro of hope , that it would be a part of his future plan to smooth the way by preparing the public to receive the catholic petition . What must have been the im 1048 pression on the minds of the catholics in consequence of this ? They must have thought that the right hon . gent. , during the two years he was out of office , would have directed his attention to the subject , and that he was a little negligent of their concerns , if he did not take quite so much pains as he ought to have done . But it was natural for the catholics , when they saw the right hon . gent . returning to office ; when they recollected they had heard him say , that , entertaining the opinion he did of the catholics , he could neither , bring their claims forward with safety , or continue in his office with propriety : I repeat it was natural for them to say , that `` although we did not consider your conduct as a pledge on your part , or a claim on ours , yet when you declared you could not bring the subject forward with hopes of success , nor continue in office , unless you could do so , we had a right to depend on your support , whenever the opportunity was afforded you of granting it . Thus , when we now see you returning to office , we may reasonably conclude you are in a situation . in which you Play support , encourage , and promote those claims , of which you approved . '' This was the natural time for the catholics to apply to the right . hon . gent . for srpport , and for him to grant it . I think it is impossible that I can misrepresent what the right hon . gent . said four years ago , in the course of a debate on the state of the nation , and I think that all he has said to-night is a proof that understood him He said , that considering the turn the question had taken , considering the infinite importance of the subject to the empire at large , he thought he could not move it with all the advantages necessary to its success , or atleast to that species of success , as he expressed it , which would be productive of the result Ultimately to be desired ; that , under such circumstances , he felt not only that he could not move it himself , but that if it was moved , he should feel it is duty to resist it . If it is true that he told us so , surely it was natural for persons . in the situation of the catholics to suppose , that when he returned to office , he would attend to this Circumstance . It seems to me , that this night he has gone a good way in stating the singularity of his own conduct . He said , that the question could not advantageously be brought forward , unless with the general concurrence of every branch of the legislature . Such was the reason , he tells you , that he did not bring it on . This 1049 I admit is perfectly consistent with his former professions ;