only , made from time to time for the support of what is fundamental ; there , the radical defect of the argument which represents the king as simply a protestant , instead of a communicant of the church of England , is largely examined , detected , and exposed ; there in short , the errors , into which my right hon . and learned friend appears to me to have fallen , are attributed to a confusion of reasoning most alien to minds like his , and belonging only `` to the metaphysicians of our times , who are the most foolish of men , and who , dealing in universals and essences , see no difference between more and less . '' Indeed , sir , after all , I very much fear , that my right hon . and learned , friend has only been dressing up in more decent apparel a set of idle vagabond fallacies which have been already more than once whipped through the town as public cheats and impostors . I can not however dismiss this topic without one word of serious complaint , painful as it is to me to address it where I must , on behalf of him , whose voice is now for ever mute in the grave ; I can not refrain from declaring at once my surprise and my affliction , that , from one , whom he esteemed , and who esteemed him , he should now experience the treatment , which he was too much used to receive during his life from the least respectable of his adversaries ; that his opinions should be imperfectly and partially , quoted , to hold him up to the world , as inconsistent with himself —But let us , now , sir , look a little into history : let us see at what period those incapacitating statutes , from Which the catholics most wish to be relieved , had their origin : let us more especially enquire when the doors of this house were first shut against them Was their exclusion from parliament coeval with 973 the reformation itself ? Did it take place in consequence of any solemn and enlightend revision of the constitution ? No , sir ; it was the very reverse of this ; and my right hon . and learned friend knows , that it was so . It was not till after the lapse of nearly a century and a half from the rupture between Henry the VIIIth , and the pope ; it was not till the latter end of the reign of Charles the IId , when serious danger was apprehended to our civil as well as religious liberties from the expected succession of James to the crown ; it was not till the ferment excited by the publication of what is called Oates 's plot ( which every man of sense and learning now knows to have been a most infamous and barbarous forgery ) had let loose a noxious spirit which overcame the reason of some of the best and ablest men in the nation ; that , in a moment of insane rage and terror , an act was passed to exclude all catholics from parliament , because the commons could not then obtain , what by the revolution they did obtain , the exclusion of a catholic from the throne . Yet even then the measure was not extended to the catholic of Ireland ; to those , be it remembered , whose descendants are the actual petitioners now before the house . And why was it not ? We have , sir , the most indisputable testimony on this point . It comes from the lord-lieutenant himself , the duke of Ormond , who informed the earl of Arran , that he did not chuse to assemble the parliament of that kingdom , `` chiefly on account of the severity of two bills transmitted against the papists , the one taking away the votes of peers , while they are papists , and the other inflicting death upon a certain sort to the