every expression , the congratulation , the self satisfaction ; the approbation bestowed on the representatives of the empire—if out of this house `` We read our history in a nation 's eyes , '' We have good reason to applaud ourselves ; but we shall not have such cause of exultation if we stop here , and do not render it impossible is majesty should ever restore lord Melville . At the same time that I thus express my feelings—that I give the house the strong bias of my mind , I mean to speak with an assembly , which has conducted itself with so much honour and respectability , in terms of deference and respect . 330 If did not think there was a pervading sentiment , that the motion with which I shall conclude would be approved of and adopted , I would not urge it : but from all I have collected , not only from my immediate friends , but from persons divided from that party , with which I am proud to rank myself , and who have opposed that party—from what I have heard from every description of persons whose sentiments I have endeavoured to collect , I find a generally prevailing opinion , that it is necessary we should proceed further in this stage of the business . Ulterior proceedings , with reference to others , undoubtedly must be had , and we must tell his majesty in the most solemn way we can , that it is necessary lord Melville should be removed from every office he holds under the crown , and from his majesty 's presence and councils for ever . I should like to ask the right hon . gent . opposite me ( Mr. Canning ) whether some preliminary measures have been taken . Has Mr. Trotter been dismissed ? ( Mr. Canning answered , yes . ) Has Mr. Wilson been dismissed ? ( Mr. Canning answered , no . ) If not , then I say all that is necessary to be done has not been done . There may be particular circumstances , and I am far from meaning to say they do not exist , which may make it necessary to retain such a person as Mr. Wilson in office a few days . Is it the right hon . gent . 's intention to dismiss him ? ( No answer . ) Then I say he ought to be dismissed from his office . He is not fit to hold a situation in the Navy Office , or any other office under government ? Yet , even if both are dismissed , ulterior Proceedings must be had ; and , in order that it may not be necessary for me again to trouble the house , I take this opportunity of giving notice , that it is my intention , immediately after the holidays , to move that his majesty 's attorney-general be instructed to proceed against lord Melville and Mr. Trotter , for an account , in order that ( agreeing as I do with the commissioners of naval inquiry ) the public may receive back what has been unjustly taken from the public purse , and that the profits so unduly made may be refunded . The way of obtaining restitution I shall leave in the hands of the hon . and learned gent . There are other proceedings necessary to be adopted , in consequence of the Tenth Report , even if the question I shall propose to day should be carried . That it will be carried I can entertain no doubt ; it would indeed be an inauspicious dawn of our labours , if the house should 331 reject it . I hope and trust that the career of that sun , which has just begun to diffuse its warmth and nourish the hopes of the country , will be brilliant , and when it sets , that it will set in glory . It will be necessary that all the proceedings , both of lord Melville and Mr. Trotter , should be enquired into and sifted