, and had made use of a singular phrase which he had taken down . He said that our commerce produced factories , that factories produced armies , that armies had produced conquests , that conquests had produced extended dominion , and that this brought us to our present situation . His lordship observed , that it did not by any means follow , that all this originated in a thirst of power on our part.—There was another point in his hon friend 's speech , which he must also notice , that was the idea of a knowledge of European tactics , being dangerous to the natives of India ; he , on the contrary , was of opinion that a small number of Frenchmen scattered over different parts of the continent of India , would be more effectually serviceable to the natives by instructing them , and more dangerous to .us than a much . greater force 241 acting in a body as a military force against us . As to the conduct of his noble friend who was now most probably on his way home , in concluding the Treaty at Poonah , he thought that it must be clear that it any blame can be attached to this transaction , it must attach to the court of Directors , who gave him authority so to do . Upon the whole he felt himself bound to support the amendment the noble lord . thought the statements of his . hon . friend were worthy of the strictest attention , and most serious consideration that the house could possibly give it , being a question winch involved no less a number than thirty-two millions of persons : a number which was more than three times the amount of the population of England . It surprised him very much to hear the noble lord opposite him ( Castlereagh ) argue in the manner he had done ; it surprised kiln much to hear him state that his hon . friend had no right to look bark to points which were more remote , and took place at a more distant period of time , merely because , as the noble lord stated , he had not come forward at every intermediate step , and moved for those papers , and that information , which might then have existed . He denied that this was any argument against his coming forward now , with this very necessary motion ; but , even supposing it was , his hon . friend had complied with it in every respect , for , to his knowledge , no one instance had passed without his calling for papers , and doing every thing that could in any way be thought necessary . The hon . and learned gent . remarked , with some severity , on the term `` connection , '' as it had been applied to the mode which we pursued towards the Mahrattas , a nation containing 30,000,000 of people . The question , at the best , was on a point of very dubious policy . He praised the conduct of marquis Cornwallis when in India before , and trusted his return there would be attended with similar advantages . The noble lord seemed to misunderstand every thing advanced by his hon . friend , from beginning to end . What harm could result from re-asserting those principles which were already to be found in the resolutions of the house , and in the statutes ? He condemned the modes practised by the company for the acquirement of territory in India . It was once given as Mr Hastings 's opinion , that the possession of the whole of Bengal alone might 242 ruin the company . Formerly , there were a number of petty states between Bengal and the Mahrattas , which it was our policy to support . Now , we had swallowed up , one after another , all those Mohammedan powers . If the noble lord had chosen to go into the justice of the wars in which we had so frequently engaged in that country