for a libel on the house of commons that he had been ordered into custody , it was undoubtedly a topic of extenuation of the offence to alledge , that so far from being in the habit of libelling them , he had always before supported , as much as in him lay , the resolutions and decisions of the house of commons . He must allow , however , that the language and tone of the petition were not exactly what would have appeared to him the most proper . It was not , however , with this petitioner alone , but it appeared to him a common fault with almost all who were connected with the press , that they assumed a loftier stile , and gave themselves something more of importance , than appeared naturally to belong to them . As to the danger of the times , in which the petitioner alledges that he has supported the house of commons , in that he was fully borne out by the high authority of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) who had frequently and very forcibly described those dangers in that house ; and who , as well as the petitioner , had often attributed to that administration of which lord Melville formed a part , the salvation of the country . This opinion was not singular : it had been for many years the prevailing opinion of both houses of parliament , and of a considerable portion of the people of this country . It in common with them the petitioner had felt the importance of the services that had been rendered to the public by lord Melville , and those with whom he acted , it was certainly competent to him to state this circumstance in his vindication . He had stated the ground of his partiality to lord Melville to proceed from his opinion of the great services he had performed ; it was therefore not surprising that those who do not relish 546 that opinion should also dislike the statement of it in the petition . That opinion was , however , entirely agreeable to the opinion which had for many years been entertained by a great majority of that house , and of the other house of parliament , and although the petitioner might have thought his testimony of much more importance than it really was , both with respect to lord Melville and to the speaker of that house , yet he could not see any thing improper or insulting to the house in his introducing those topics in extenuation of his offence . It was in the recollection of the house , that on the day that this business was first brought forward , considerable stress had been laid on the majority having been formed by the decision of the speaker , and therefore the libelling the majority under such circumstances , was an aggravated offence , as conveying a personal libel on the character of the speaker , whose vote made the majority . When this had been relied upon at the time the libel was complained of , it was not extraordinary that the petitioner should positively disclaim every idea of reflecting upon the speaker , and take that opportunity of expressing his respect for his character . For his part , it appeared to him that the decision of the majority of the house of commons should at all times be treated with the greatest respect ; but certainly it did not appear to him to be entitled to more respect for having been obtained by the casting vote of the speaker than those decisions which are agreed to , either unanimously , or by very large majorities of the house . The only topics then which were objected to in the petition , were those expressions with respect to the speaker which appeared very naturally to have been introduced in consequence of his having been supposed to have libelled the speaker , and his professions of respect for lord Meiville 's services , which were urged in extenuation of the zeal with