clamour , he conceived it the duty of the house to proceed and follow up their resolutions of Monday , by agreeing to the motion of his hon . friend . Leaving out of the question all idea of participation in the profits derived from the use of the public monies , and looking to the abstract crime , the bare and naked violation of an act of parliament , still he would maintain , that the house was in duty bound , if they valued consistency , if they valued the maintenance of their own honour , to proceed and to pass the motion made by his hon . friend as a necessary inference and corollary from the resolutions to which they had agreed on Monday . Gentlemen would do well to recollect , that they were not in a court of strict judicial proceedings , in a court where the interest , the honour , and the feelings of the people were to be considered . They were not to be fettered by the ordinary maxims of the judicial tribunals , 355 but the privileges of parliament were to be asserted by them in that mode which they thought most likely to establish and preserve them . The noble lord was undoubtedly carus amicis , and , he had no objection that he should long remain so ; but it was as true , that he was no longer idoneus patriæ and , therefore , he thought it necessary that the house should declare so . If it was understood that the noble lord should not be appointed to any place of trust and confidence , as long as the resolutions agreed to on Monday remained on the journals , that may be urged as an argument against the adoption of his hon . friend 's motion ; but , after what had passed , it was his opinion that the house if it wished to be consistent with itself should agree to the motion foran address to his majesty . —As the right hon . gent . has thus required some specific explanation , and it appears to be the wish of several other gentlemen that I should give some sort of pledge on the subject of the noble lord 's return to power , I rise to say a very few words , solely for the purpose of explanation , and not with the view of at all arguing the question . What I now say , I take it for granted , then , will not preclude me from again addressing the house , if the debate should be Continued . It is my wish that the noble lord should be treated as far as possible with those feelings of liberality , and if such a pledge as that which the right hon . gent . who has just sat down had alluded to could prevent the necessity of persisting in the motion , I am sure that every legitimate object would be accomplished . I have no hesitation at all , accordingly , in saying , that all idea of noble lord 's return to power is completely annihilated , and that no danger whatever need be apprehended from this quarter . When I make this frank declaration , I only wish it to be understood that this is not to understood as continuing in force in case the resolutions of Monday should , on future inquiries , be found to have been premature , and should accordingly be erased from the journals of the house . In any other case but this , I think it is absolutely impossible that any minister should ever think of recommending the noble lord to a share in his majesty 's councils . After this declaration , I do think that the motion of the hon . gent . might be dispensed with , without at all losing sight of the object he profess to have in view . The house are now agreed as to the general principle , and they only differ as to the 356 mode in which that principle is to be reduced