. To these two charges I shall , on the present occasion , chiefly confine myself ; but there is still a third , on which I shall not insist very largely now , but which , if the inquiry is instituted , I shall feel myself most powerfully called on to support in this house . I mean here to allude to the strong suspicion that the noble lord himself was a participator in that system of peculation to which I have referred , and is consequently liable to very severe pains and penalties . Unless what has been said could be unsaid , unless what has appeared before the commissioners could be obliterated , it appears to me almost impossible to get rid of this impression . I have said that I will pursue this inquiry with moderation on my own part , but I repeat , that I will follow it up with steadiness and firmness for the country . It is certainly to the honour of our public men , that even in times when party spirit was at its height , when the political world was the most violently agitated and convulsed , charges such as that which I now bring forward against the noble lord have seldom been preferred . It is a singular circumstance , however , that the only instance of a similar charge for a great number of years was brought against a great public criminal by the same noble lord whose accuser I now appear , I allude to the case of Sir T. Rumbold for malversations in India ; but it is not my wish to carry matters to 264 such an extremity against the noble lord , though my duty impels me to bring him , before the proper tribunal . In making out my charge against the noble lord I must call your attention to what is stated in the report , for it is material to see what is the nature of the evidence produced . First of all , then , the commissioners found that there had been for a number of years deficiencies in the treasurer 's department , to the amount of upwards of 674,000l . a year . I am not now wishing to rest much on the correctness of the particular sum . Whether it be ten pence , ten pounds , or even a million , the principle is the same , whatever be the magnitude of the deficiency . That a deficiency did exist is not denied , for even lord Melville himself owns its existence . In this situation the commissioners evinced a very laudable desire to ascertain how the deficiencies had originated ; and for this purpose it was necessary that lord Melville and Mr. Trotter should be summoned before them . As in this state of the business I shall have frequent occasion to allude to Trotter , it may be proper , to say a few words in explanation . When I speak of Trotter , I speak at the same time of lord Melville , for in the whole of this business they are completely identified . The action of the one I view as the action of the other . This , indeed , is the exact view taken by the committees which , reported on the situation of the treasurer and paymaster of the navy . They considered the office of treasurer as a mere sinecure , the whole of his , business being done by a deputy , and in this relation precisely does Mr. Trotter stand to lord Melville . The one transacts the , business , and the other incurs all the responsibility . The treasurer of the navy , as in lord Melville 's case , was often a privy and even a cabinet counsellor , and it is very fit that he should be relieved from the cares of office . But if he is to enjoy , emolument without labour , it surely is not , asking . too much to have a little responsibility attached to the distribution of the public money . So much