the public upon the subject , he should tomorrow move for a committee to inquire into the state of the accounts between G. Britain and Ireland.—The first resolution was then put and agreed to . observing several members about to retire , said , he hoped the gentlemen interested in the Irish 6 per cent . duties upon the imports of the retail traders 17 would not withdraw , as he was then about to move the resolution for continuing it . said , he had that day received instructions from his constituents , to oppose the measure , but he should wait for the bringing in of the bill.—The several resolutions were then agreed to , and ordered to be reported to-morrow.—Adjourned . Previous to the 2d reading of the Mutiny bill , rose and begged leave to call the attention of the House to the innovations which had been made on that bill since it was last before their lordships , particularly in those clauses by which the presidents of the regimental courts martial are required to be on oath themselves , and to administer oaths to the other members of the court , and to the witness to examined . The noble marquis stated that it was not his intention , on these grounds , to oppose the 2d reading of the bill , but merely to call the attention of their lordships , and of the noble earl who forwarded the public business through this House , to the alteration which he had noticed . He had at the same to regret , in common with the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , the disagreeable situation in which that House often felt itself placed , of either impeding the business of the nation , by interfering in bills to which , by the usage of parliament , any alteration made by them must prove fatal , or of passing bills which were grossly defective and objectionable . conceived that the observations of the noble marquis were irregular and premature . He knew it was in the contemplation of the noble earl ( Camdem ) when he should come to move the 2d reading of the bill , to notice the alterations to which the noble marquis had alluded . having moved the 2d reading of the bill , recapitulated the different alterations which it had been deemed adviseable to make on it . said , it could by no means be supposed that it was his wish , at such a period , to object to the present bill . It was his intention , however , when the bill should be proposed to be committed , to call the attention of the house to the alterations which had now for the first time been introduced . He should therefore move that the house be summoned for the day on which the bill was meant to be committed . 18 —The bill was then ordered to be committed to-morrow , and the house to be summoned . rose for the purpose of submitting to their lordships , agreeably to the notice he had given , a number of motions for the production of papers , necessary for instituting a comparison between the late and present Boards of Admiralty . It was not his wish , in the present stage of the proceedings , to go into a wide field of discussion ; sufficient opportunities would offer for that in a more advanced stage of them . He would , at present , confine himself to reading his motions , to the greater part of which he understood no objections would be made , and to make such comments on them as he thought necessary for explaining their tendency to their lordships . There were two great points to which he wished to direct the attention of the house , and upon which he was chiefly anxious to obtain information . The first respected the deficiency of Small craft ; one , as their lordships might recollect , of the most serious accusations against the late naval administration ; and the next applied to the