away property to the prejudice of those to whom it properly belonged , yet there were instances when such legacies were highly proper and necessary to the discharge of the duties of humanity and gratitude . His lordship appealed to the experience of the mercantile part of the house . There were many foreigners in this country who had either made fortunes by their long industry , or inherited them from the industry of their fathers , and whose long industry here , and the habits they had acquired , had detached them from any relations on the continent . These would very naturally leave their property to the friends they had formed in this country ; and it was hard , he 91 thought , to lay such a tax on this expression of friendship . The question had not been sufficiently canvassed . He concluded , therefore , by urging the propriety of postponing the third reading , that they might have farther time to give the subject due consideration . said , he had as large a family to maintain as almost any gentleman in that house , with the exception of the hon . baronet ( sir Henry Mildmay , ) yet he should oppose the tax , from pure and disinterested motives . On every principle of taxation , to which he had attended , he should object that the younger children should be taxed , and that the elder should on free , who were best able to answer the public demand . It was , however , some satisfaction to him to discover , that there were various ways of avoiding this imposition ; and he could assure the hon . gent . that he should not pay one farthing to the tax , from the duty he felt to provide for his family . He would say nothing of the distress of the times , of the calamities during war , of the aggravated system of taxation ; he did not wish to oppose the minister , but he flattered himself , in resisting this tax , he did him an essential service . He had formerly read a book , entitled , `` Private Vices , Public Benefits , '' and the advantages of general intoxication were insisted on in that work as a great source of national revenue . The waste and profusion of a general election were likewise contended for as conducive to the public interests , by enlarging the income of the state . It was on some such principles that the present tax could be justified . The inequality of the tax was another objection . It was peculiarly directed against the ill-favoured , and against the ancient maiden , against the diseased , the lame , and the blind . These were more properly objects of pity , than of taxation . If the tax were to be imposed , the two first years of the income of it ought to he laid out in hospitals and nunneries , that the objects of it might be permitted to starve decently . He had said , the tax might be eluded . It does not extend to Irish property ; and a father , by investing his money in the Irish funds , would avoid it . Again , fathers seeing the consequence , of this tax , would leave the fortunes of their younger children to the duty , fidelity , and honour of the eldest , who would provide for his brethren according to the wishes of his deceased parent . Further , the father might in his dying hour dispose of his property to his children by gift , and exclude them from his will . He hoped the 92 right hon . gentleman would not persevere in a tax directly opposed to every principle of state policy , justice , and humanity . adverted with great precision to different arguments that had been urged against the bill ; but our limits will not allow us to follow him at great length . As the house had already decided on the general principle of