of that insurrection . In 1791 the society of united Irishmen was established ; its objects were evidently rebellious ; it aimed at the entire overthrow , not merely any imagined improvement , of the existing constitution . This is demonstrated by a letter from Tone directed to a person in Belfast , and containing the , resolutions which Were afterwards ( with a small variation ) adopted in the public declaration of the Dublin society of united Irishmen , upon the 9th November 1791 ; in that year and 1792 the foundation of the rebellion of 1798 was laid . In 1792 Tone published in favour of independence , and separation of Ireland from England . In the same year , Edward Byrne , an eminent Roman catholic priest , issued letters to the several parish priests of Ireland , directing that delegates should be elected by their several parishes to sit in a Roman catholic convention ; his letters Stated , that `` serving on juries and tine elective franchise were the objects to be discussed by the convention . '' The conven- 758 tion accordingly assembled in that year ; there never was any doubt that it sat as a Roman catholic convention , and it most certainly was the organ for expressing the then real objects of the Roman catholics . It resolved that `` the objects of their pursuit were merely admission to the bar , county magistracies , serving on juries , and voting for members of parliament out of freeholds of 20l . per annum . '' The claims made by the convention extended , in the instances of admission to the bar and country magistracies , beyond the objects pointed out by Byrne 's letters of summons ; but neither his letter nor the resolution of the convention in any respect related to the avowed or real objects of the conspiracy at that time formed for the rebellion which took place in 1798 ; nor did they include any claim to the great offices of the state , or parliamentary representation . The equivocal expression of `` catholic emancipation '' was not adopted therein . Those could not have been real ingredients in the plan of insurrection then formed , nor where they in any respect consistent with the nature of that plan , which proposed not merely to alter the constitution , but to form an entirely new one . In 1792 , Sweetman , with some other traitors , was a member of the convention ; he took a distinguished lead in defending the defenders of that day ; but such of the members of the convention as were loyal looked only to such objects as were within the reach of possible attainment , and such as were traitors had separation and independence , not catholic concessions , in contemplation . In the same year a petition from the inhabitants of Belfast to the house of commons of Ireland was preferred , praying a repeal of all the penal and restrictive statutes against Roman catholics ; but it did not state that `` the petitioners were Roman catholics . '' Afterwards , in the same year , a petition was presented from Roman catholics , praying `` a removal of some of the civil incapacities under which they laboured , and a restoration to some share in the elective franchise . '' Before the convention broke up , it appointed a permanent committee . In 1793 petitions from the Roman catholics were presented to the house of commons of Ireland , referring generally to a variety of severe and oppressive laws inflicting disqualifications . In the same year more was granted by the parliament of Ireland than the Roman catholic resolutions of 1792 had claimed , and the liberality of parliament exceeded the full extent of those claims . In 759 1794 Tone traitorously corresponded With the government of France , and in the month of April in that year , the traiterous consultation in Newgate took place , an invasion of Ireland was then planned , and the reasons for it , and to induce the French to invade