by the hon . mover and a distinguished supporter of this petition ( Mr. Grattan ) ; but first I must notice , from the-time and circumstances under which this measure has been brought forward , that I very much question the sincerity of the agitators of it , and for various considerations , do pronounce it a party trick . ( A cry of order ! order ! ) I feel , sir , My words are not strictly in order , and I shall change them . I pronounce then , sir , that this question has been brought forward at this time to obtain thereby the weight and support and support of the influence of the catholic body to serve party purposes ; this , it is not disorderly for me as a member of this house to state , and it is the truth . The mover of this petition knew full well that obstacles insurmountable stood in the way of its success ; that the minister , after consulting the highest authorities , and the judgments of the most experienced Men around him , deemed it expedient to decline bringing it forward himself , and advised that it should not be offered to parliament . The leading and best disposed catholics themselves are believed to have held the same sentiments as to the propriety of withholding their claims for the present ; but I charge that opposition , aided by the democratic part of the Catholics , over-ruled this determination , and forced forward this discussion . The hon . mover of the petition 1041 and his friends were impelled by the hope of thereby discharging themselves from an obligation to the catholics , and of fixing against the minister the forfeiture of an alleged pledge he had given to that body ; from this , however , the chancellor of the exchequer has been exculpated , although he does still hold opinions favourable to their claims— I have myself been constantly in the habits ( I speak it with due humility ) of giving for many years my best political support ; but I can not , on the present occasion , consider him altogether blameless , feeling as I do that no individual possessed of great authority , both from his character and situation , ought to announce his opinion and his desire to make such an innovation in the constitution , without in some degree giving the protestants a detail of those guards and securities ( Which he alludes to merely in general terms ) for their liberties and for their estates.— Previous to the possibility of admitting catholics to sit and vote in parliament with safety to the constitution , there are many alterations which their church and people ought to admit I shall not detail them , because I should still have my doubts ; . but sure I am , the catholics themselves ought ( if they are anxious to be believed sincere in their professions ) to make every change in their church government and discipline which protestant security can require , and which the essentials of Roman catholic faith will permit : such reform would afford more substantial security than reiterated promises , and professions , and tests.— There is one preliminary indispensable ; I mean a sufficient establishment , or fund from whence to pay their clergy . The Irish parliament has given them a seminary for the education of their candidate clergy , has endowed it magnificently , induced , to do so from the policy of placing over the ignorant lower orders in Ireland , a well-educated englightened set of gentlemen . Having done so , it appears to me a necessary consequence that a provision should be made for that clergy by the state , than that they should be left dependent on a savage multitude for their means of life , and be reduced to the necessity of flattering the propensities and passions of that multitude , and conniving at , if not encouraging their crimes You must therefore , in order to rescue them from such a thraldom , and render