doubt that it is their inclination to propagate their religion by every means in their power . This is a principle inseparable from the character of every reli- 943 gion . Were I in a catholic country , professing the religion I do , I should feel an inclination to advance that religion ; and so it is natural to expect the catholics would do , whenever they had an opportunity . I am not so sanguine as the hon . mover , in his expectations of the advantages that are to result from the measure proposed . I no not think it would produce conciliation in Ireland , or give that satisfaction to the catholic body that is asserted . On the contrary , the effect of it , in my opinion , would be , to bring the two sects nearer to each other , and consequently to increase that spirit of rivalship and jealousy which has unfortunately subsisted between them . ( Murmurs of impatience . ) I claim the indulgence of the house for a few moments longer . I see there is no great disposition to listen to me ; and after the manner in which the attention of the house has been gratified by the eloquent and able member who has just addressed it for the first time , I am aware that any thing which falls from me must appear flat and uninteresting . I think that no alternative can exist between keeping the establishment we have , and putting a Roman catholic establishment in its place . If gentlemen can make up their minds to that , they may conciliate Ireland , but not otherwise ; or perhaps they may enter into a treaty with Buonaparté to allow the pope to grant them another concordat . This appears to me to be the only true way of stating the question . The immunities which have been already granted to the catholics , I think , are sufficient ; and there is one of them , I mean the elective franchise , which , had I been a member of the legislature , I should have felt an inclination to oppose , and also the Roman catholic college . What privilege is there which the catholics do not enjoy , with the exception of sitting in parliament , and the capacity of being appointed to a few great offices , in as full and complete a manner as those who profess the established religion ? They have nothing to desire on the score of toleration , that they and every other dissenter from the established church do not enjoy as fully as they could wish . Anxious as I am to conciliate so important a member of the empire , I can not bring myself to approve of the measure proposed by the hon . mover . If the demands of the petitioners were conceded to their numbers , and their majority , no possibility would remain of refusing to comply with any future demands they may think proper to make . What their numbers and majority 944 shall have once obtained , will only tend to stimulate them to fresh demands , until nothing remains for them to require , and they become not merely a prevailing party in the state , but exclusively the state for itself . For those reasons I will vote against the motion for referring this petition to a committee . —Sir , unwilling as I am at all times to obtrude myself upon the attention of the house , yet I feel too deeply interested upon the present occasion to be awed from expressing my sentiments . When the right hon . gent . who has just sat down feels so much embarrassed under the impression created by the very eloquent speeches of both the hon . members who have preceded him in support of the petition , I can not deny that I too have my feelings under that impression ; but I should ill perform the duty I owe to my conscience , to the crown and my country , if I gave way