him , resist the force , and drive the French from that territory . From the fall of Tippoo , the policy of the British government became quite different from what it had been before . The council from that time , was to turn its mind towards the extirpation of the French from that quarter . We were then to consider what was the object , what was the conduct of the French at that period , and what was to direct marquis Wellesley in his deliberations . We all knew , that in the year 1798 the French made a footing in Egypt ; we were well aware their main object was to aim a deadly blow at our Eastern possessions : their close alliance with Tippoo , and all the other concomitant circumstances , sufficiently explained their intentions , and we were all satisfied India was not out of their mind when they undertook that expedition . Marquis Wellesley 's 238 mind was strongly impressed with this idea , and with the consequences which should follow . With respect to France , he did not consider the connection of France with the Mahrattas at all done away ; on the contrary , it was growing daily ; and , from the complicated system of the Mahratta policy , it was impossible for any man to say how soon that system might be put in practice . If the councils of the Mahrattas had remained as formerly , and not put on the councils and assistance of French officers , it might have been otherwise . The French general Perron had organised such a power , that Scindia himself did not venture to oppose him , but gave up the contest . Thirty or 40,000 under the Nizam , were in a state of perfect discipline . Was it to be questioned , whether , after the peace , the French had sent emissaries into that country , and if they were allowed to establish a connection with the Mahratta people , it did not require much political foresight to discover what might follow : having stated thus much , his lordship observed , that the whole change of the complexion of the Mahratta empire had made this a new 'subject . The moment marquis Wellesley had found out the triple connection formed by marquis Cornwallis , he enlarged the principles of his actions , and endeavoured to promote the interest of the British govt . with the Rajah ; he conceived the necessity of that alliance , and the impression upon his mind was , that if he should persuade the native , princes , that it was safer to rely on the connection with the British empire , than join any other power , or war among themselves ; by this means he might lead to the exclusion of the French interest , and the policy or connection of their situation might induce them to embrace such a proposal . His lordship agreed with the hon . gent . that a great question of expediency arose out of those circumstances ; but , from the details then upon the table , it clearly was not it proposition which parliament could then decide upon . The conduct of marquis Wellesley upon this matter would hand down his name to posterity as one of the most wise and vigorous officers that ever conducted the councils of a great nation . The governor general had not shown a bigoted adherence to the system of establishing a connection with the Mahrattas to extirpate the French , but he modified it ; and his lordship contended , that the general charge made against that 239 system in the Mahratta empire by the hon gent . did not cast any reflection upon the noble Marquis 's conduct : In the Mahratta empire there was a population of 36 millions under one head ; it was , not necessary therefore for the governor general to wait to conclude a treaty of the same nature of that of Hydrabad , with the Peshwa until a communication , was had with the govt . at