on coming into parliament . Roman Catholics are less restrained in Ireland than here ; there the Roman catholic oath qualifies for all offices civil and military , save a few , Which are specially excepted . Not so here ; though the English Roman Catholic oath is more forcible than the Irish , and binds the Roman catholic to support the protestant succession , whilst the Irish does not . He agreed entirely with the noble lord Who immediately preceded him , in the well-merited eulogium which he had pronounced on the character and conduct of the Roman catholic noblemen and gentry of Ireland ; they were men of great integrity , honour , and loyalty , and Many , of them had fought very gallantly in quelling the rebellion of 1798 . They had disclaimed the obnoxious doctrines contained in the decree of the fourth council of Lateran . That disavowal was consistent with Morality , social duty , and good Sense . He gave credit to their assertion , and he did not rest his opposition to the petition upon those objectionable tenets ; Other tenets , which greatly influenced his opinion , were such as their religion bound them , as good catholics , to enforce . They were not such as reflected disgrace on the Roman catholics , though they might expose the constitution in church and state to some hazard . To tolerate is wise , to invest with the powers of 752 the state , is the reverse . An exclusion from holding certain situations , deemed necessary to the safety of the state , neither stigmatizes nor enslaves . An equal diffusion of political power amongst all the different sectaries would , in their union against the established religion , denounce its downfall by the systematic , persevering , deliberate , though slow conjunct exertions of religious zeal , political ambition , and inordinate thirst for power . To bestow such power on Roman catholics , and to with-hold it from other sectaries not belonging to the established religion , would prefer Roman catholics to some whose motives of action were less objection able than those of Roman catholics . There is no foreign Ulterior supreme authority which the tenets of other religions bind their professors to maintain as superior to the established legal government of the empire ; but if Roman catholics were in possession of political authority , their religions principles would bind them to use it in an endeavour to render the constitutional authority of the empire subservient to a foreign dominion . By Statutes passed in both countries in the reigns of Henry the Eighth and Elizabeth , in unison with various more ancient statutes , the king is declared supreme head of the Church , and the pope 's authority , spiritual and temporal , is , to all legal effect , declared void . The king in virtue of this authority , convenes , prorogues , dissolves , regulates , and restrains synods or convocations , appoints or recommends to bishoprics and certain other ecclesiastical preferments , and has the dernier decision and appellant judicature over all ecclesiastical causes . That the authority of the state is not supreme in the countries subjected to its dominion is a most dangerous doctrine ; any interposition in these dominions by a foreign judicature , governed by the laws of a foreign prince , laws tending to the subversion of the protestant religion , leads to ruinous consequences . Roman catholics acknowledge and pay obedience to a foreign , final , ecclesiastical authority , which can make laws upon spiritual subjects , and in violations of the laws of these countries , enforce them ( without the aid of any temporal process ) by ecclesiastical coercion and punishment . That foreign ecclesiastical authority is under the influence of the ruler of France . Before the French revolution , if any potentate had attempted to enslave the pope , all other Roman catholic countries would have interposed in his behalf ; such interposition against France can not at this day be expect- 753 ed . The influence of the pope