to numbers , and be rashly tempted into rebellion , arms and the law must punish the rebels ! With such impressions upon my mind , I should have felt myself unworthy of being the representative of my protestant countrymen , had I not borne testimony to their zeal and , their loyalty , but had shrunk from the weight and talents of the hon . gent . I trust in God , and in the courage of the nation , that we are able to defend our laws , religion , and property ; to maintain our faith , and to uphold the throne . proposed that the debate be adjourned . He was perfectly prepared to deliver his sentiments at the moment , if the house were willing to hear him , and other gentlemen who might wish to speak on the important question before them . It would , however , be unbecoming the character of the house , and the importance of the subject , if they came : to any hasty decision.—The question of adjournment being loudly called for , expressed a wish that the discussion could have been terminated at that sitting . As , however , it seemed to be the wish of other gentlemen to deliver their Sentiments , he thought it would be better to adjourn than to state them at a more advanced hour.—The debate was accordingly adjourned till the following day.—The other orders of the day were also postponed , and , at 3 o'clock on Tuesday morning , the house adjourned . —On the motion of Sir John Anderson the house went into a committee on the report of the vintners ' petition . The report was ordered to be received to- 951 morrow —On the motion of Dr. Duigenan the Irish first fruits bill was read a third time and passed.— Mr. Alexander moved the further consideration of the report of the committee on the Irish land partition bill . The amendments were agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . —Mr . Johnson , from the office of chief secretary of Ireland , presented copies of the proceedings in the Irish parliament relative to the attainder of Cornelius Grogan , esq . Ordered to he printed . —Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the slate bill ; which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . — Mr. Huskisson gave notice of a motion on Thursday next , for appointing a committee to enquire into the expediency following coals to be brought to London by the Paddington Canal . —Sir W. Curtis moved , that the petition of the 3d of March , relative to improvements in the Port of London , be referred to a committee . Ordered . —Accounts of the different sums presented to be raised by grand juries of the several counties in Ireland , from 1st January 1775 , to 1st January 1805 , were ordered to be laid before the house . —Mr . Western obtained leave to bring in a bill for rendering more effectual the protection of parishes against the losses sustained by them from the defalcations of taxes . —Sir J. Stewart moved , `` that it be an instruction to the committee to whom the papers relative to the repairs of the Romney and Sensible had been referred , to examine into the purchase and expenditure of stores for the said ships , and also to enquire into the loss of Certain vouchers , '' & c. —The order of the day being read for resuming the debate on the motion for referring the Irish Catholic Petition to the consideration of a committee of the whole house , rose and spoke as follows : Sir ; as an opinion may prevail that we now resume this debate in circumstances less favourable to the question than those in which it stood last night , I beg shortly to clear myself from all imputation on that account , by declaring that , for every personal reason , it