been heretofore exceptionable . The exceptions that were made to the commissioners furnished , if well founded , a reason for excluding them from office ; and , if note they could not be urged against the motion before the house . But the right hon . gent . had confessed with perfect candour that he could not vouch for any of the statements that he had made to the house ; and surely then he could not ask the house to rely on them as objections to the motion ? That those commissioners were ready to go to trial against any or all of the charges that could be alledged against them he had not the least doubt . The charges , such as they were , that the right hon . gent . had stated , could not in any man 's mind be deemed applicable in any shape against this motion , in opposition to which , indeed , nothing had been offered , The right hon . gent . had not said , nor could he , that this motion was unnecessary . It was necessary to satisfy the general opinion of the country . It was-called for by public policy . The merit of the men and the gratitude of the people demanded it . In considering the services of those commissioners , the state in which they and lord St. Vincent were placed , was to be taken into account . Much as that noble lord had deserved and obtained by the glo- 575 rious battles he had fought abroad , be had scarcely in any of them a more difficult task to perform , than in originating this commission , which had to maintain itself in almost every stage of its progress against the operation of power , influence , and authority . With a degree of fortitude and perseverance that would be at any time laudable , but which in their peculiar circumstance , was extraordinary , they pursued delinquency through all the obstructions of high office , and against all the frowns of power ; and they succeeded in detecting acid exposing the criminality of one of the principal officers of the crown . stated , that the navy board had not tamely submitted to the imputations cast upon their characters by the first report , as the hon . gent . imagined . For , according to a memorial presented to the house on the 5th of April , on this subject , from the comptroller of the navy , it appeared , that immediately after the publication of the report alluded to , the hon . baronet intimated his wish to these commissioners , that he should be examined afresh , in order to do away , what he conceived , unfounded aspersions on his character , but this the commissioners declined . The hon . baronet then drew up a memorial to that house , which he meant to present ; but , deeming it his duty , he waited on lord St. Vincent , to apprize him of his intention , and to know his lordship 's pleasure . Lord St. Vincent disapproved of the intention , and stated , that he should consider any such proceeding as a personal affront to himself . The comptroller thought it his duty to conform to the noble lord 's desire , and to that was attributable the kind of acquiescence the hon . gent . who had just sat down , alluded to . observed that , even supposing all this statement to be correct , it did not account for the silence of the comptroller of the navy , since lord St. Vincent retired from office . Why not seek the removal of that obloquy , of which he complained , under the lord of the admiralty who succeeded lord St. Vincent ? He could not , however , help saying , that this comptroller , in suffering from such a motive as the right hon . gent . had described , so deep a stigma so long to attach to his reputation , betrayed a very criminal