which has been recommended to us by my right hon . friend , the chancellor of the exchequer . But here is plain , broad fact , which no subsequent elucidation can possibly explain away . Here is my lord Melville publicly declaring on his . Oath , that he has tolerated his dependant in a gross breach of an act of parliament , for the purposes of private emolument . I really can not find language sufficiently strong to express my utter detestation of such conduct . In my mind , the friends of lord Melville have not at all affected the plain , simple state of the transaction . What advantage can we derive from going into a committee , for the purpose of contradicting an examination given on oath ? I confess , sir , that I can not make up my mind to believe that lord Melville received any direct gain from the transactions alluded to . But , though I do not believe that lord Melville has been a participator in the profits , yet I think it by no means improbable that he may at times have drawn more freely upon Mr. Trotter than he ought to have done . I will not say that lord Melville has not received accommodation from these profits . The bare fact of his having borrowed 10 or 20,000l . at a time from one of his clerks , is a very suspicious circumstance . It is clear that Mr. Trotter is a man who acted on the great scale , and this fact was of itself calculated to produce strong suspicion . Let me ask any of my hon . friends around me , if there are no suspicious circumstances attending these transactions ? If the house was once to suffer a minister to say that he had connived at the breach of a law by a person who had been his confidential servant for a number of years , and that superior was to pass un-censured because no personal corruption had been proved against him ; if that was once to be admitted as a principle by which the house of commons was to be directed , it would open a door to every species of corruption , and there would be no security left 319 for . the faithful discharge of any public trust . Minsters may be desirous of waiting till the public feeling shall have subsided , and fancy that the whole business may blow over . But they are mistaken . They appear to me to have placed themselves in this situation . They might have prevented it . Had I been in their places I would not have risked my reputation by setting up such a justification as they have done for lord Melville.—As to the argument that there has been no actual loss to the public by these transaction ; when we reflect upon the consequences that might arise from the detention of money intended for the payment of so great a department as the navy of this country , when we reflect upon the lengths to which men may be induced to go if the mind is once accustomed to abuses , and when we consider the influence such conduct must inevitably have upon all the inferior departments , I do contend that the loss in a pecuniary view , may have been to an extent almost incalculable . It has been elegantly and beautifully said by a noble lord ( Petty ) , that it would be fortunate indeed for this country had these abuses never been discovered , if the result was to be , that these Reports were to lay a dead letter on the table of this house , to prove and to proclaim , that although there might be found in this country persons honest and assiduous in conducting an inquiry into abuses , there was after and behind all this , a power able and willing to step in between the law and the offender against the law , and thereby establish at once the most fatal and the most shameful of all