parliament . He said he was not in the habit of offering himself to the attention of the house , but the strong call of duty constrained him to overcome his natural reluctance . He admitted the present bill was less objectionable than that which had been adopted in 1799 , from the modifications it had received ; but as he must resist the principle of it , those variations could not reconcile him to the measure . The bill was brought forward without any ground being laid for its introduction . When the former one was submitted to the attention of the house , a case of remarkable urgency was made out , although not such a case as , in his mind , vindicated the expedient . What was the situation at that time ? In the year 1799 , we had a prodigious defensive force : the Militia exceeded 100,000 men , and we had a numerous body of Fencibles . On the contrary , the regular army was wasted by a protracted war ; and it was under these peculiar circumstances that it was permitted to recruit out of the Fencibles and out of the Militia , under the authority of parliament . In this instance the same scheme was recommended , when 113 the motive was gone . We were told by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the regular army had greatly increased ; that the recruiting was active and effectual ; and that his favourite act for the , augmentation of the disposeable force , was soon to be brought into complete operation . Why then should we resort to this odious and obnoxious method ? If the quota of 17,000 would not enter as volunteers , would the right hon . gent . disband the national Militia ? Did he , after all his expressions of doubt and alarm , begin now to consider the garrison of the Country as too strong ? Had the fears of the nation been absurd and nugatory ? Were the fleets of the enemy destroyed ? Were his armies disbanded ? Was his ambition annihilated ? Did the invasion of this country no longer tempt his appetite for universal dominion ? But there were constitutional objections to the measure . Every standing army in Europe , which menaced or destroyed the liberties of the soil by which it was supported , we were told , had its origin in a harmless militia ; we ought , then , never to lose sight of that precaution we ought never to abandon that jealousy , which would prevent such dangerous encroachments . The best officers in the militia had been disgusted by the former regulation , and had retired from the service ; but it was promised no such plan would be revived . Now insult and flattery were combined , and it was vainly expected gentlemen would submit to such illusions , and patiently bear with repeated mortifications . Whenever the act of 1799 had been mentioned in that house , and it never was mentioned unaccompanied by censure , it had been defended by ministers on the ground of the necessity of the times , and a solemn pledge had been given never to recur to the same mode of proceeding After this open breach of faith , how could we depend on any future pledge ? how could we assure ourselves that when it was deemed convenient , government might not once more return to the charge and propose a further recruiting out of the 40,000 that were now allowed to exist ? Under all these circumstances he should give his decided negative to the motion . said , he was somewhat concerned that several militia officers , comrades of his , had expressed themselves in such strong terms against the bill . He however agreed with those gentlemen , that some of the details were objectionable , yet 114 he conceived the general principle wag right , and ought to be adopted . The advantages were so obvious , that they seemed to require no comment : the accession of