those which arose out of positive appointment . The honourable member then replied to the defence of the right honourable gentleman , grounded on the smallness of the imposition . He said , with much artifice the principle of 95 this tax had been enforced upon the house , and the intention seemed evidently to be , to carry its operation much farther , so that neither the monied , nor the landed interest , could be able to ascertain what new sacrifices would be required under the pretence of supplying the demands of the state . asked , whether those sums which were to be distributed among the next of kin , when there was a will , should not be liable to the tax , as well as legacies mentioned in the will ? replied , that that would , be a subject for future consideration . The question was then put on the motion , that the bill be read a third time , which was carried in the affirmative . then proposed an amendment , that all the clauses in the bill directly affecting legacies to younger children should be left out . On this a division took place ; for the original motion 164—Against it 72—Majority for the bill 92 . —A petition of several of the directors of the poor of the parish of St. Pancras , in the county of Middlesex , appointed in and by virtue of an act , made in the last session of parliament , was presented to the house , and read ; taking notice of the bill for repealing the said act , and for making other provisions in lieu there of ; and setting forth , that the petitioners conceive the said act , is , adequate to every purpose of parochial regulation and building a work-house , and the powers thereof sufficiently extensive ; and that the present bill has originated with only a few of the directors , unknown to the major part of such directors and the parish at large ; and the same contains powers and provisions which , if passed into a law , will in many respects be highly prejudicial to the interests of the petitioners ; and therefore praying , that they may be heard , by themselves or counsel , against the said bill passing into a law . '' Ordered to lie upon the table , until the said bill be read a second time ; and that the petitioners be then heard , by themselves or counsel , against the said bill , upon their petition , if they think fit.—Adjourned . —Counsel were farther heard relative to the Scots Appeal , Rocheid v.Kinlock , bart . viz . Mr. Clark in continuation , and at great length , on behalf of the respondent . The farther consideration of the case was adjourned till Monday.—The 96 Irish Promissory Notes , and Sugar Bounties Drawback Bills , were read a second time , and the committees thereon negatived.—The various bills before the house were forwarded in their respective stages . Among these , the Exchequer Bills bill , the Sugar Duties Drawback , the Spirits Warehousing , the Irish Stamp Duties bill , Postage Rates , Excise Duties , Malt Tax , Custom Duties , and Expiring Laws bills , were severally read a third time and passed.—The order for summoning their lordships , for taking into consideration the 26th and 155th standing orders , with a reference to suspending the same , as far as related to the two last mentioned bills , being read ; lord Walsingham addressed a few words to their lordships on the occasion . He expressed his unwillingness to come forward in such instances , save where the necessity of the case justified a casual suspension of any of their Lordship 's Standing orders ; such a proceeding was , he conceived , necessarily called for in the present instance ; he should therefore move , that the said standing orders be suspended , as far as related to the bills in question.—The Lord Chancellor quitted the wool-sack , not for