upon , or excite public indignation against a particular description of people ; but he could not , at the same time , refrain from communicating to their lordships the information which he had collected respecting this most serious and important matter . He thought it high time for the legislature also to consider how the assize of bread was struck and regulated in general . He had reason to believe and be convinced , from the best authority on the subject , that if government established flour magazines at convenient distances from town , the high price of bread would be soon lowered , and always kept in due proportion to the quantity of grain in the country . It was really 375 lamentable that a million of people , which this city and suburbs contained , should be kept in a state of expectancy on flour factors for the most necessary article of life . If those magazines were established at certain distances , such as Uxbridge and other places equi-distant , he was certain that great convenience and saving to the people would be the happy consequence . Having said thus much on this most important subject , he should trouble their lordships no farther than to repeat his hope , that the matter might be well weighed and considered , with a view of giving it that effect , which he had no doubt would be highly beneficial . assured the noble earl , that the bill should not have been carried through its stages so soon as it had , if he was not informed that the noble earl had no objection to its progress . said , that it must be a gratification to the noble earl to know that the bill to which he alluded had no connection with the subject which he brought before the house.—Adjourned . The Speaker reported to the house , that the house attended His Majesty on the 11th instant , with the resolutions of the house of the 8th instant , relative to lord viscount Melville , whereupon His Majesty was pleased to give the following most gracious answer : `` Gentlemen ; I shall on all occasions receive with the greatest attention any representation of my commons ; and I am fully sensible of the importance of the matter which is the subject of your resolutions . `` —On the motion of Mr. W. Smith , it was ordered that a new writ should be issued for the election of a representative for Hereford , in the room of J. Scudamore , esq . deceased.—Mr . Johnstone , from the office of the chief secretary of Ireland , presented at the bar the various statements relative to the prisoners in Kilmainmam gaol , which had been ordered upon a former day , on the motion of lord Henry Petty . Ordered to be laid on the table.—Sir Thomas Metcalfe moved , that the second reading of the Pancras Poor bill be fixed for Monday next , which , after a few observations from Mr. P. Moore , was agreed to and ordered the house.—Sir .J . W. Anderson obtained leave to bring in a bill for the formation of the Tunnel under 376 the Thames.—Lord John Townsend and Mr. Garrow took the oaths and their seats in the house.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that on Monday next he should move for leave to bring in a bill to continue the commission of naval inquiry ; and also that he should submit a motion for the purpose of appointing commissioners to inquire into the conduct of the principal departments connected with the great military expenditure of the country , with powers to examine witnesses on oath , and to report to both houses of parliament , in order that if no abuse existed that required correction , the public may be satisfied with the assurance of the fact ; or if , after investigation , new measures should seem necessary , parliament should adopt such as in its wisdom it may think fit.—Mr . Kinnaird presented a petition from B. Tucker , esq .