on the unfairness of this insinuation , and to defy any man to shew that equal justice in that country is not done to every man of whatever religion or description he may be . Secondly , that the petition is signed by no priest . From this three observations may be made ; first , that the priests disapprove of the tenets and declarations contained in the petition , and do not choose to give it their 792 countenance ; secondly , the one which surprised me , and which the noble lord secured to countenance , that , as its requests did not affect their order , they did not choose to sign it ; that it did not go far enough , and therefore did not deserve their application . To neither of these observations shall I give any weight , but I will give one more fitting the conduct and character of that reverend body , the superior clergy of whom , from everything I experienced , I shall always speak with respect . The reason that I conceive why the priests did not sign the petition is , that they disapproved of the season ; that they who knew the state and temper of their own people , the state and temper of the protestants , knew that the time was unfitting for the discussion ; that neither party had forgiven the sufferings and injuries of the late rebellion , and that to revive the consideration of this question would only be to revive the horrors of the rebellion . They therefore , in which i concur with them , wished to postpone the consideration of their situation to a more favourable moment ; and when , as was ably observed , so very few persons have signed this petition from several parts of Ireland , it may be argued that a large portion of the catholics concur in this opinion with the priesthood.—Having looked at this question as it related to Ireland , let us extend our view to its general effect . What is the state of England , of Scotland ? perfectly quiet ; no religious jealousy , every man worshipping the Deity according to the form he approves . Will the noble lord ensure the continuance of such a state if this motion is complied with ? And here an observation should be made ; the Irish parliaments , taunted as they have been as bigots and oppressors , in 1793 gave considerable privileges to the catholics ; have the English done so to their catholics , whose loyalty and good conduct has been unimpeached , and against whom suspicion never broached a whisper in their disfavour ? The argument of the dangers attending the measures in Ireland not applying in England , why did not the noble lords propose relaxations to the some extent ? because the state and temper of the country would not bear the proposition . What is the case of Scotland ? why even the laws of 1791 were not extended to that country . What is to be argued from this ? that those who had the management of Scotland knew the state and temper of that country would not bear the discussion ; that it would be injurious to the catholics , injurious to the protestants , 793 May I then ask , what has happened to induce you to throw this measure wild upon the country ? Does any man wish to renew the horrors of the year 1780 ? Is any man sure that the cry may not be raised that the church is din danger , and may there not be some ground for this alarm ? —It was very ably shewn , and I shall not again go go over the ground , that this question might throw the one hundred Irish members and the whole power of Ireland into the hand of the catholics . Calculate what the dissenters of this country are ; add to these those of no religion , those willing to sacrifice the establishment to free themselves from tithes and taxes ; consider the tempting