feelings and wishes of those who had brought the militia to their present state of improvement , and therefore he felt himself called on to resist the further progress of the measure . considered the present as only another wretched expedient of the present wretched administration . If they , did not destroy the militia completely , it was only because they did not dare to venture on so unpopular a Measure . But though they did not actually destroy the militia , they did every thing which could disgust all Men of honourable feelings . They first employed some of the most respectable gentlemen in the kingdom to exert all their time and influence in preparing the militia for service , and then they withdrew the men from under their control . All the labour was undergone without any of the reward or the honour to which their exertions were entitled . On such grounds he opposed the bill , and declared his conviction that enlisting for a limited period . was , in the present circumstances of Europe , the only effectual mode of procuring that regular force , the necessity of which was on all hands admitted . His lordship illustrated these ideas at some length , and concluded with declaring his determination to oppose the present measure.— The lord chancellor having put the question , that the bill be read a second time , a division took place , when there appeared , contents 102 , non-contents 54 ; Majority 48 . The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Adjourned . took the oaths and his seat , for Old Sarum.— The London bread assize , and the Irish militia volunteer bills , were read a third time and passed.— Lord Stopford acquainted the house , that his majesty had been waited upon with the addresses of Friday last , and had been pleased to give orders accordingly.— '' Sir W. Scott brought in a bill for the better encouragement of seamen , and the more effectually and speedily recruiting of his-majesty 's navy , which was read a first , and ordered to be read a second time on Tuesday , in order that it may be printed in the interval . He stated that he should move for 206 a committee , and that the clauses should be filled up , and a sufficient time allowed for the consideration of the numerous provisions it contained ; Which being agreed to , he moved that the house should to-morrow . resolve itself into a committee to consider of so much of the prize agency act as related to the salaries , perquisites , and emoluments , of Malta , and the Bermuda and Bahama islands ; which was agreed to— Sir R.Lawley said , that in consequence of the delay and difficulty attending it , he should move for the discharge of so much of the order he formerly moved for , as related to the expence of volunteer cavalry in respect to the articles of horses and hair powder ; which motion was agreed to . He then moved for a detailed statement of the funds applicable to the expence of the volunteer service , from the office of the agent general , together with the expence of that establishment , and also the expence of payment of the staff of the volunteers , from the 24th of Sept.1804 , to the 1st of Jan.1805.— A message from the lords announced that they had agreed to the coastways importation duty , and the excise duty bills . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the bill for the protection of Irish lunatics . He said , that the act of 27 Geo . III c. 29 , which impowered grand , juries to report upon the state of the charitable establishments , had not been carried into execution with any regularity . The principal object of this bill , was to remedy the inconvenience arising from the numerous establishments for beneficent purposes , yet very distinct in their nature , which were