that formerly be 965 longed to their forefathers , which they certainly would not do if they cherished the hope of ever receiving them back in any other manner . I once very strictly inquired of a lawyer in Ireland , a Mr. Sankey , who was very much employed in making these purchases of forfeited estates , whether he knew any instance of the descendants making any objection to the tenures by which such forfeited estates were held ? His reply was , that he never once knew a single instance of it . It is a vulgar error into which the learned gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) has fallen , when he told us that the Catholics of Ireland had maps , by which they could trace the boundaries of the estates once possessed by their ancestors , in the expectation that they would , on some future day , have an opportunity of reclaiming them . The fact is , sir , that the map of all these forfeited lands is kept by the auditor in the castle of Dublin , is accessible to every man who chooses to inspect it , and is daily produced in the courts , to ascertain disputes respecting boundaries . The history of this map is pretty well known . It was drawn by Sir William Petty , after the old one had been taken away by king James II and carried into France , where an accredited agent from this government ( General Vallancy ) was some time since sent to procure a copy of it : it is comprised in twenty-four folio volumes : and from this it will be seen , how idle the story is , that catholics are at the trouble of keeping maps privately , with sinister views , when the real one is accessible to any one who applies for it . The great point then , sir , which I have in view , is to show , that , as the reformation , now in existence nearly 300 years , has hitherto made such slow progress in Ireland , ( for there are still three millions of catholics in that country unconverted , ) hence it is obvious that the system you have adopted has failed of its effects , that it must of course be wrong , and that it is high time to change it . The surest method we can take to advance the reformation is , by treading back the steps of our ancestors , and by undoing much of what they have done . If then we are to measure back the steps of three hundred years , we can not be surprised if much time shall be required in advancing . One thing , however , is clear ; that if we expect to convert three millions of people into good protestants , it must be done by argument , and not by force . This great question has now for the first time come before us , and I trust the full discussion it has undergone , 966 and the moderation and sound argument displayed by its advocates , will not fail to have their due weight , and to conquer in due time here , as they have before done in Ireland , the prejudices existing against a measure , which , I am thoroughly convinced , would consolidate the strength , unite the attachments , and render impregnable the security of these realms . after some prelimiminary observations , spoke in substance as follows : —The hon . mover of this question has affected to distinguish between the civil and religious institutions of the country , as if they were capable of complete separation : the practice , however , of all civilized states , has fully demonstrated that they are so intimately united , that to attempt to sever them would be in reality to destroy them . A luminous and eloquent political philosopher ( Mr. Burke ) entertained ideas directly opposed to such a doctrine . `` This principle '' ( that of attachment in the people of England to their