give him the catholics . But here the objector interposes again , and tells us it is in vain to look for harmony with the catholics , inasmuch as they deliver the protestants to damnation . Gravely they say this , soberly they say this in a morning ; and , according to this , you must not only repeal your laws of toleration , but you must disband part of your army and your navy , and disqualify your electors . The catholic who hears this , produces a protestant creed which does the same thing , and damns his sect likewise . The infidel who listens agrees with both , and triumphs ; and suggests that it were better not to cast off your people , but to shake off your religion . So Volney makes all sects contend and all conquer , and religion the common victim . The truth is , exclusive salvation was the common frenzy of all sects , and is the religion of none ; and is now not only rejected by all , but laughed at : so burning one another , as well as damning one another . You can produce instances—they can produce instances : it was the habit of the early christians to anathematise all sects but their own . No religion can stand , if me , without regard to their God , and with regard only to controversy , shall rake out of the rubbish of antiquity , the obsolete and quaint follies of the sectarians , and affront the majesty of the Almighty with the impudent catalogue of their devices ; and it is a strong argument against the proscriptive system , that it helps to continue this shocking contest—theologian against theologian—polemic against polemic , until the two made men defame their common parent , and expose their common religion . With argu- 931 ments such as those , it is urged , the the the laws were in error which gave the catholic political power ; and it is farther added , that he will use that political power to destroy the church . I do not think they have now said he will destroy the present state of property ; bigotry has retired from that part , and has found out at last that the catholics can not repeal the act of settlement in Ireland , by which the property of the country was ascertained , until they become the parliament ; nor become the parliament till they get the landed property of the country ; and that when they get that property , that they will not pass an act to set aside their titles . Further , it is now understood , that the protestant title is by time ; that there are few old catholic proprietors—a multitude of new ones ; that the catholic tenantry hold under protestant titles , and therefore that there is , in support of the present state of property in Ireland , not only the strength of the protestant interest , but the physical force of the catholics ; therefore the objectors have judiciously retired from that ground , and now object to catholic power as certain to destroy the protestant church—how ? They must do it by act of legislation , or by act of force : by act of legislation they can not , and by force they will not . They will not by act of force , because the measures proposed , which do not go to increase that force , do go decisively to remove the animosity . Or will you say , when you give them every temporal motive to allegiance , they will become rebels ? that when indeed they had rights of religion , rights of property , rights of election , they were loyal ; but when you gratified their ambition likewise , they then became disaffected , and ready to sacrifice all their temporal rights and political gratifications—in order to do what ? To get a larger income for their clergy ; that is , that their bishops should drink more claret , wear finer clothes