he had not the smallest wish to hurry through the house . He would appeal to their lordships as to the great importance of education ; to which the present bill went to afford a boon ; one which the legislature of the country should not grant with a niggardly hand . He was impressed with the conviction that the bill would produce the most salutary and desirable effects ; and , adverting to what had fallen from noble lords on the score of modification , he hoped that principle would not be too far acted upon . in explanation , indicated his attachment to the genuine interests of learning ; and observed , that his idea was , that were the limitation taken away , the succession to livings , in some instances , might be too rapid . He concluded by proposing , that the committee on the bill be deferred till Tuesday next . explained , that he was not against all alteration of the present system . He was too well aware of the importance of education ; but he 145 entirely coincided with a noble baron in his idea , that some information should be laid before the house , as to the proportion , number , and value of the livings . He contended for the necessity of some information on the subject , with which idea he was so far impressed , as to propose , in order to allow full time to collect it , that the committee on the bill should be postponed until Thursday the 2d of May . argued for the propriety of having information upon the subject , to enable the house to form a just decision upon the subject , and to pursue the right line of discrimination . He agreed with the noble and learned lord on the woolsack as to the different important questions which the subject involved . He was aware of the difficulties which , in some points of view , existed , as with respect to procuring satisfactory information ; but what the house would have principally to consider was the general policy of the measure , and to what extent it might be expedient to authorise the conveyance of livings from private patronage to that of the universities , and the proper ratio , as far as such was practicable , to be established with respect to the successions.—After some farther explanatory conversation , the committee on the bill was adjourned till Thursday next , and the lords ordered to be summoned for that day . The order of the day having been read , rose , and expressed his regret that the motions which he was about to submit to their lordships , had not been brought forward by an illustrious duke , who was so much better qualified to give effect to them . The task , however , having fallen upon him , he would endeavour to explain the reasons for which he was induced to move for a variety of papers necessary , in his opinion , to elucidate the important question , which would be shortly submitted to their lordships , and in doing which , he would occupy as little of their time as possible . He was anxious to have it understood , that in bringing forward the business , he was actuated by no motive of a personal nature towards the noble viscount on the head of the naval department . No , his motives were of a more honourable character . They sprung from his anxiety to promote and maintain that establishment , upon which the safety , the honour , and the very existence of the country depended . If the essential and 146 important reforms which had been proposed , and which were begun to be acted upon , should be carried gradually into execution , for he would admit they could not be at once , he had the best authority for asserting , that the navy might be kept up without resorting to the private yards , but that a considerable annual addition might be made to it