believe there would not be ten catholics returned in as many years . The right hon . gent . allows , however , that if even one hundred catholics should obtain seats in this house , their efforts would be nugatory , of very little avail against the other five hundred and fifty-eight . But , finding they have no weight or influence equal to what they expected , they become discontented here too—and what do they do ? The right hon . gent . by a peculiar kind of logic , shows that they will dissolve the union . After having used their talents , their unanimity , and adherence to each other , without any avail , they contrive to dissolve the union in spite of the five hundred and fifty-eight , and sent themselves back to Ireland , there to form a popish parliament . There is something ridiculous— I beg pardon , sir , for using that word—I mean not the slightest disrespect to any gentleman , more especially the right hon . gent . to whose argument I am particularly alluding , and for whose personal character I entertain the highest respect and esteem—but I can not help saying there is something not only ridiculous , but contemptible , to hear gentlemen argue that there is any actual danger to the constitution or the government from admitting a few catholics to have seats in parliament . I have , sir , however , heard argument used in this house which have made on my mind a most deep impression , and from which one would be led to think that some men were sent here only to circulate calumnies against , and to draw the most odious pictures of the character of our common country . I have heard it said , sir , that the mass of the Irish people are so blood-thirsty , ignorant , and ferocious , and this is applied to the lower orders in particular , that no protestant would he safe in living amongst them . I have heard as much said in another place , but I did not feel it with so much pain and indignation there as I did with shame here . I can not but feel sorry to hear such a character given to a 1009 body of people who , under so many disadvantages as they have had to contend with , are , in my opinion , the very reverse , in every respect , of what they have been thus falsely described . There never was so foul a misrepresentation of the Irish character ; and I think one of the strongest proofs of this is , that those who have given this character have before and will again return to Ireland , and walk in the most perfect security in every part of it ; and I defy any person living to prove a single instance in which the people who have been thus degradingly traduced have ever expressed the least personal resentment , or inflicted any personal vengeance on them . A right hon . and learned gent . ( the attorney-general ) said yesterday , that if he had been in his Majesty 's councils at the time , he would have objected to the elective franchise being granted to the catholics , and also to the establishment of the college of Maynooth . This latter objection , I own , struck me most forcible . What would the learned gentleman do with the catholics ? Would he have them brought up in the grossest ignorance ? Would he permit them no place of education , by which they might be rendered useful members of society , and good and loyal subjects ? or would be have them sent out of the country to be educated in the seminaries of that pope , of whose principles he has so great a dread , and to whose power he thinks it necessary to oppose such strong and formidable barriers ? I am heartily glad , sir , the right hon . and learned gent . did not form a