to have done so , when the interests of their church had probably been essentially served by their remaining at their posts ? Do not such facts under our own eyes speak louder than a thousand arguments drawn from theory and hypothesis ? But this As not all : our government has shewn that it entertains far different ideas . The majority of the inhabitants of Canada being , like those of Ireland , of the catholic persuasion , 955 it was deemed the most natural and certain way of securing their allegiance , to infringe as little as possible on their laws and manners , and to allow to their religious opinions , not merely unlimited toleration , but a degree of establishment : and what has been the consequence ? Has rebellion , or even uneasiness , been ever once heard of among them ? No , surely ; under every circumstance they have proved affectionately loyal . And the comparison of this case with that of Ireland almost demonstrates that the causes of disaffection should be sought for elsewhere than in the difference of religion , and that catholics will be good subjects to a protestant government if regarded with confidence , and treated with liberality—Another argument of the same gentleman was , indeed , most wonderful ; We Were told that catholics can not safely be admitted to the capacity of sitting in parliament , because , in that case , all the Irish members would instantly be catholic : that finding themselves unable from the comparative paucity of their numbers to carry any point openly , they would directly form a compacted junto , and compel the British minister to comply with all their demands ; to give them , first , all the patronage of their own country , by which they would be enabled to turn the whole strength of it to their own nefarious purposes , and obtain next , the entire subversion of the establishment , civil and ecclesiastical , of the united kingdom ! Could a more extravagant idea have been engendered by the most distempered imagination ? Not to mention the libel it implies on these supposed Irish members , or rather conspirators , and on the English government ; could any minister be weak enough so to comply , While he had five hundred and fifty-eight protestant members remaining , to whom these schemes of destruction might be revealed ? If Irishmen could be found foolish and desperate enough to make such an attempt , can it be imagined that a minister could have been chosen by a protestant king , or tolerated by a protestant parliament , who should hesitate for an instant to discover and punish it ? But it is mere waste of words to contend against such a chimera ; much of what I have already said affords also a strong presumption against the existence of such a priestly influence over the mass of the people as is likely to produce any considerable mischief . Neither is this the present question , but whether any objection is to be thence deduced against acceding to the motion now before us ; which , let it be remembered , is only for a 956 committee to examine how far the requests of the petitioners may prudently be granted . Now , supposing it to be doubtful whether catholics might safely be admitted into the great offices of state , it is perfectly obvious that granting the capacity of enjoying all offices , does not confer the possession of one ; their actual admission into office would afterwards entirely depend on the pleasure and discretion of the executive government . But , again , if this be too large a boon , is the evil apprehended from the influence of the clergy so enormous , as to render the admixture of a small proportion of catholic members in the imperial parliament an experiment too dangerous to be attempted ? Why thus terrify ourselves with shadows , and sacrifice justice at the shrine of an irrational fear ? But , `` grant all the petitioners ask , ''