for the purposes mentioned by the noble lord ; but merely to afford a greater latitude to the freedom of debate . The objection , with respect to the proxies and protests , did not apply , as all questions were ultimately decided by a house , wherein these could freely be given . There was never an improper use made of the order ; and it was incumbent on those who urged propositions , tending to cramp the freedom of debate , to prove that such an order had produced specific inconveniences : deeming of the order as he did , he should certainly vote for its continuance . was of opinion , that , upon the whole , the order in question admitted of serious objections ; and many of 615 those advanced by his noble friend were , he thought , well founded . It could not , however , be considered as a standing order . It was , to speak strictly , a remembrance ; from the time of its being enacted , which was in 1626 , to the present , it had , he believed , been but twice acted upon . This in some degree shewed its inutility ; its possible injurious effects were obvious . He agreed that questions must be ultimately decided by the house ; but still the order or memento should not he suffered to stand , at least without some material alteration or amendment , as the very circumstance of resolving the house into a committee through it , may be productive of mischievous consequences , as therein the sense of a decided and great majority of the house ( proxies not being admissible ) may be counteracted . was for retaining an order from which no practical inconvenience had resulted since its adoption in the year 1626 . It appeared that it had only been enforced three times ; 1st , when an attempt was made to deprive some members of that house of their seats by introducing a bill , requiring certain qualifications ; 2dly , when it was thought fit to propose that certain words introduced into a protest should be expunged ; and , lastly , when certain questions were moved to be submitted to the judges , in the case of Mr. Justice Fox . In all these cases the enforcement of the order appeared to his lordship highly proper . argued generally in favour of the leading observations of the noble secretary of state . He was answered by who maintained a contrary opinion . argued briefly against the continuance of the order . His grounds were the more prominent positions of his noble colleague . who was not inclined to speak even once upon the present question , were it not for some points he heard advanced that evening , observed , that the order existed an interval , not greatly short of 200 years , and no inconvenience had been proved to result from it . With respect to the appellation of `` remembrance , '' such was the general head given to all the orders in the book , and he denied that it clashed with the order No . 19 , as peers were usually suffered to speak in explanation of any point they had before advanced , which could not be considered as speaking twice . quitted the wool sack , and was apparently about to propose 616 something in the way of amendment , when , being apprised of its being in some degree informal , in that state of the proceeding , by one of their lordships , he sat down . The question was then put , and the house divided—For the motion , including 15 proxies , 29—Against it , including 8 proxies , 22—Majority for vacating the Order , 7.—Adjourned . — On the motion of Mr. Calcraft , a new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a representative to serve in parliament for the city of Coventry , in the room of Francis William Barlow , esq . deceased.—Mr . Foster gave notice that tomorrow he