yet I think , that in the year 1801 , as well as if he was to do so in 1805 , he did take a further measure of no small importance to his reputation , and the welfare of the country , by putting an end to his own administration . He has stated all he did at that period . He stated his sentiments then , as he has done now ; and I can not but remark that , in giving an account of his conduct , there is a material alteration and difference in his conduct in 1805 , with reference to what it was in 1801. with reference to what it was in 1801 . Yet , he has so conducted himself , that it was impossible the Roman catholics of Ireland could know that such a difference of opinion existed , or that his opinions and sentiments were not similar to what they had been . They must have concluded , from the very circumstance of his being in office , that it was his intention either to move , or to support the question . I believe that idea was so firmly impressed on the minds of the catholics , that he could not imagine the fact was otherwise . Many persons undoubtedly thought that there might be some circumstances which might make it proper to defer the consideration of the subject to another session ; if from prudential motives it had been recommended to them to defer the consideration of the subject to a future period , I have no doubt that , with the opinions they were actuated by , they would have readily acquiesced . But when they found that the right hon . gent . could neither now bring their claims forward , that the objections against them would equally slay at any given time , and that , when he continued in office , contrary to his own example in 1801 , they concluded , as justly they might , that he had completely changed his mind . It was under that circumstance , and the impression it excited , they came to me ; and now , because they have come to me , is it to be said , that they have made themselves the allies of a party ? I wish to know what will become of this house , and eventually of the government , and the constitution of the country , if those , who are refused redress by ministers , and appeal to men who , for good reasons , oppose ministers are to be stigmatised with adhering to a party . Are those who oppose administration to be incapacitated , merely for so doing , as independent members of parliament ? Are we , the free , uncontrolled , and independent members of this house , and the representatives of the people of England , 1050 to be excommunicated in our political capacity , because we are in the performance of a duty adverse to the sentiments of those ministers whose conduct we condemn ? We talk of the excommunications of the pope , but can his anathemas be more unjust that those which stigmatise those as the allies of a party , who apply to us for the establishment of their undoubted rights , privileges , and civil and religious immunities , denied to them by ministers , who ought to be foremost in granting them ? All I can say is , that I have attentively read the history of the country , but I have formed a very imperfect notion of its constitution , if those who oppose ministers , or who bring forward measures which should originate in them , are to be branded as the instruments of party and as hostile to those principles to which our free government owes its existence , and pre-eminence among nations . The catholics came to me , because a better chance of success did not present itself to their hopes . They came to me , because they conceived , and I hope truly , that I would do