themselves , persecuted . The year 1798 opened new views , and to the union which was then formed between the protestants and the catholics ought the activity of the latter in the rebellion to be in some degree ascribed . There is also another little circumstance which ought not to be passed over , when it is attempted to he argued that nothing intervened between the concessions in the year 1793 and the rebellion . Did nothing happen during Lord Fitzwilliam 's administration ? Did that noble lord not conceive that he was acting the best for the peace of Ireland , by holding out to the catholics the hope of what they called their emancipation ? Doubts have been entertained whether he was authorised by government to encourage such hopes : but that has nothing to do with the present question ; that the expectation did exist , is a fact of the greatest importance . When that noble lord was recalled , whets a motion was . made on the subject in parliament , and negatived , the Roman catholics saw with grief the cup they had looked at with so much eagerness , suddenly dashed from their lips , at the moment they at last expected to enjoy it . Would not any man say , that if he were a catholic , this would have been to him a great cause of despondency ? The history of the country showed the melancholy consequences of that disappointment ; for it was not until after the recall of Lord Fitzwilliam , that a connexion began to be formed between kind and France : and there is every appearance that the disappointment then experienced by the Roman catholics , drove some of them into this connexion . We have been told , that it appears from certain inquiries made by the Irish parliament , that catholic emancipation and reform were not considered by the people in some parts of Ireland as of more value than a bit of paper or a drop of ink . I believe this may be the fact ; but was it not also stated by the same persons , that , had these measures been granted , they were aware that they must have given up all hope of doing what they call good , but which we 849 call mischief ? All those who wished to revolutionize Ireland were greatly alarmed during Lord Fitzwilliam 's administration , and were perfectly convinced , that , if the measures to be proposed were carried , their intentions would be completely defeated . I have been told , that at the time of the union no distinct promise of redress was made to the Roman catholics , and I believe it . No minister could promise that which depended upon the determination of parliament . The right hon . gent . opposite to me could have done nothing more than promise to recommend their claims : but did not the catholics believe that through the measure of the union they would obtain complete redress ? Did they not rely on the promised support of the right hon . gent. ? It was on that ground they gave all their weight to the proposition of the union ; and I know some who have felt less kindness to the catholics on that account . The persuasion was certainly general , that the catholic claims would be fully granted after the union , and a learned gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) now hostile to these claims appears to have promoted this persuasion . In a letter written by that learned gent . to an hon . friend of mine , whom I am happy to see a member of this house ( Mr. Grattan ) , there is a paragraph , to this purport ; `` if we were one people with the British nation , the preponderance of the protestant interest in the whole state would then be so great , that it would not be any longer necessary to curb the Roman catholics by any restraints whatever . '' Now when the Roman catholics found