power of the committee to report them as persons misconducting themselves ; and as they were person holding offices under government , the might very fairly be cashiered . But as to the examination of Mr. Trotter or lord Melville , he did not think them so important as some others might do . Had he been on the committee of naval enquiry , he doubted whether he should have propose to have examined either ; for the great object with him would have been to have looked into the accounts , public and private , for they afforded better evidence than any thing that could be expected to come out of the mouth of any delinquent whatever . Not that he would not have hear them , if they desired it , but he should not think of sending for them as witnesses to explain any matters in which they appeared to 424 be delinquents , because very little useful information could be expected from them . The question was , what was the power the house was called upon to give out of its hands ? That power was no less than that of enquiring into all the minute details of the whole case . Then followed another question , whether if the house gave that power out of its hands , it was reasonable to expect that the hands in which they trusted it , would have the same power of examining the matter as the house had ? A question which it was impossible to answer in the affirmative , by adopting the mode proposed by the amendment , therefore , the house would change the best security for a bad one , for preventing future depredations on the public , and that its constituents might call a dereliction of its duty , and were likely to do so , when they found the mode proposed to be adopted by the amendment was the mode which the most particular friends of my lord Melville were the most partial to , which they hardly would do , if they thought it would press hard upon him . He was apprehensive that the public would be justly dissatisfied with the house if it did not do its duty in this case , which it could not do without adopting the mode best calculated to investigate this matter fully , which , in his opinion , would alone be well done by a committee , such as was proposed by his hon . friend 's motion . was surprised how any man could accuse his right hon . friend of any intention to cripple the enquiry ; it was only limited to the essential points it should have in view . Besides , his right hon . friend left gentlemen on the other side the option of which mode they should pursue . He could not but advert to the topic , concerning which so much clamour had been raised out of doors . Nothing was so much insisted on as the loss which the public had sustained by these transactions . If there was a loss , let it be ascertained ; if not , let the mistake be corrected ; and how could that be better done , than by the mode recommended ? How could the money be better secured than by a legal proceeding ? It was rather wonderful that gentlemen , who in every other respect were so anxious to abide by what was prescribed by the commissioners , should in this instance refuse to adopt that authority . The commissioners pointed out the proceeding of a court of law , yet gentlemen now wished to shrink from that mode of proceeding . Indeed they seemed solicitous only to follow 425 what made an impression out of doors , and to change their ground , and shape their conduct in the manner the most likely to catch a few stray votes . supported the amendment , in a speech of considerable length , in which he maintained that all the evidence which could be examined before a committee of the house , could also