. said , in explanation , that Dunstanville got 10 per cent . above the price given to Mr. Taylor observed that , when the report came to fully considered , it would be fully answered . The machine made 579 blocks of an inferior size , of ten inches ; but as to the making of large blocks , it had made no progress . ( of Poole ) contended , that whatever might be the portion of praise to which the Naval Commissioners might be supposed to be entitled , he was still hold enough to say , that the affairs of the navy were never worse conducted than during the administration of lord St. Vincent ; not only the navy , but the whole of the commercial part of the community were loud in their complaints against it . ( A general cry of hear ! hear ! …chair ! chair ! ) The Speaker observed , that the line of argument of the hon . gent . did not apply to the question now before the house . heartily joined in approving the conduct of the Commissioners of naval enquiry , and thought them fully entitled , upon their general conduct , to the thanks of the house , and of their country ; but at the same time he must request , in mercy to those who had not fully informed themselves of the contents of all the reports , that the words `` the whole '' of the conduct of the commissioners , might be omitted in the motion . There were now eleven of the reports , many of them extending to considerable length , before the house , and scarcely any but the tenth had yet undergone a due investigation . Indeed the omission of these words would give more meaning to the vote of the house , and at the same time render it more worthy the acceptance of those whom it was intended to commend , than if it stood in the manner in which it was originally proposed . The Commissioners had undoubtedly detected very great abuses , and had thereby rendered very signal service to the country ; and on that ground he felt them entitled to the thanks of the house and the gratitude of the country . He hoped , however , that nothing he now offered to the consideration of the house would produce any division of opinion ; for he threw out the consideration merely to guide the conduct of the house ; not in the least to detract from the merits of the commissioners . Much of their proceedings yet remained to be examined and discussed ; and it might , perhaps , hereafter occur , that something would be considered in a light that might induce the house to express an opinion contrary to what the present motion called upon them unreservedly to declare . This was the only motive that prompted him to suggest the omission of 580 the words . He was ready to repeat , that in his mind the motion so amended would have not only a more distinct meaning , but must prove more acceptable to the commissioners themselves . Under that impression he should now move that the words `` the whole of '' he struck out of the motion . The question so amended , being put from the chair , said , although he approved of the conduct of the commissioners , it was too far to approve of it in all its detail , as if they acted by divine authority , and could not err . thought the original motion would be rendered much less exceptionable by the proposed amendment , but said it would be still more eligible , if the words `` so far as yet appears , '' were omitted ; since the whole of their reports , save only the 10th , had not yet undergone any examination . thought the last proposed alteration wholly unnecessary . approved the amendment proposed by Mr. Wilberforce , but should think it still better , with the addition of that proposed