adverting to the opinion of the hon . baronet , that it would require two or three years to train the recruits who should fill up the chasm that this bill would produce in the militia of Ireland , took occasion to remark , that the result of his own experience , and that of many other officers with whom he was acquainted was , that an Irishman was much more easily disciplined than a native of any other part of the united kingdom , and therefore he was certain that a much less time would be found necessary to bring these recruits to the same state as that in which the old militia stood , than was supposed by the hon . baronet . was apprehensive that the marine service was considered preferable to that of the line , most of the men volunteering , would wish to enlist in the marines , an event which would defeat the grand purpose of the measure . replied , that this would not be at the option of the men . The act gave his majesty a discre- 160 tionary power to allow which regiments he should think fit to volunteer for each service . thought this quite a distinct measure from that with respect to the English Militia ; as , in point of fact , the Irish Militia had nothing but the name of militia belonging to them . They were not raised by ballot , but by bounty ; and if the Irish gentlemen were willing to become recruiting officers for the army , he saw no reason why the motion of the right hon . gent . should be resisted by the house . supported the motion , and panegyrised the character of the Irish Militia officers . Their conduct and that of the Irish gentlemen in general , who by their own subscriptions raised the militia and kept the country safe , without any contribution from those absentees whose lands they thus defended , was , in his judgment , entitled to peculiar praise . Considering the conduct of the Irish militia who , to a man , volunteered last year to serve in any part of the united kingdom , and the public-spirited feeling of their officers , he could not help saying that he , was much astonished at the selfishness exhibited last year , as well as in the whole course of the debates of the present week , with respect to the English militia.—After a few words from Lord Temple , Mr. Alexander , and . Mr. Calcraft , the motion was agreed to.—The bill was afterwards brought in , read a first , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday . The house having , in pursuance of the order of the day , taken into consideration the Report of the English Militia Enlisting bill , several amendments were made in the Committee . proposed two new clauses , one for adjusting the mode of ballots , in those counties in which the greatest and least number of men should enlist ; and another to prevent serjeants and corporals of the Militia from volunteering as serjeants and corporals of Artillery ; both of which were agreed to . said , that though it was thought proper to put the ballot out of sight in the present bill , yet it was not the less in existence , and that for the sake of uniformity in the recruiting , both for the Regulars and the Militia , it was necessary , in his opinion , that a clause should be inserted , enacting that when vacancies occurred , instead of obliging a person to find 161 a substitute , the men should be raised by a small bounty paid by the parish . Having moved a clause to this effect , seconded the motion . The parish , he said , was already obliged to pay half the bounty given by an individual for a substitute , and a small addition , he thought , might be sufficient to release the individual altogether . observed that he agreed with