act of disrespect and injustice to the public , what would he have thought to have seen Mr. Fordyce now under all the aggravated circumstances of the duration of his debt , and the forfeiture of his engagements , enjoying a place of similar responsibility in the revenue to the one he was deprived of ? What would he have thought to have seen this gentleman selected as the person who was to frame and introduce a system of reform and economy into the expenditure of the public money in the department of the navy ? What could he have thought if he had , heard the chancellor of the exchequer of the present day pronounce Mr. Fordyce the fittest person that could be found to fill this office of reformer . There is another reason for the house agreeing to the committee I shall finally move for , and which I had omitted to mention : whatever doubts may have been formerly entertained as to public accountants being chargeable with interest , 53 there can be none now since the act of 1800 , for which the public is likewise indebted to you , sir ; under this act , there is now 20,000l . added to . Mr. Fordyce 's debt , making the sum total 100,000l . and upwards , though I observe by the last return this interest is not added to the principal.—This is all that appears to me at present necessary to be said upon the subject of Mr. Fordyce 's debt ; and I feel certain it will be sufficient to induce the house to accede to the committee I shall finally move for . When I mentioned to the house my intention of bringing this subject forward , I gave notice at the same time of my intention to submit likewise a resolution to the house respecting the impropriety of Mr. Fordyce 's appointment as one of the commissioners in the new naval commission issued by the crown ; a sentiment that I have by no means abandoned , but which at present I shall forbear from expressing in the form I had intended ; if , however , sir , this house has any wish to appear in earnest with the public upon the subject of reform and economy in the expenditure of the public money , it will do well to direct its most anxious and particular attention to this new naval commission , because , under all the circumstances of the case , it is impossible that any thing can be more full of suspicion and alarm . We are all agreed , or at least we all profess to be agreed , that the commissioners appointed under the act of this house to examine into public abuses in the department of the navy , have been eminently successful in detecting and exposing the greatest frauds upon the revenue . An honourable admiral in this house , and who was one of the late board of admiralty , and who of course has had all the means of official information , has asserted , without being contradicted , that if the exposures made by the parliamentary commissioners were to be followed up by corresponding reforms , a third of the public money spent in the extensive department of the navy , might be saved . In times like the present , it is impossible that a discovery of greater importance could be made ; but what security have we , sir , for the adoption of such reform ? After two years and a half of such labours as , I believe , never parliamentary commissioners bestowed before , after nine volumes of such minute and detailed enquiries as were never made by commissioners before , the only object secured to the public is an alteration made by law in the management of Chatham chest . Sir , L understood that a pledge 54 was given by the late chancellor of the exchequer to this house , that he would move specific resolutions founded upon these various reports ; no such proceeding has , however , taken place ,