, he would not decline entering upon the comparison . As to what the noble lord had advanced respecting the increase of the price in building ships of war ; and the inferences to the disadvantage of the present naval administration , which he supposed he meant to draw from the comparative rates of prices he had moved for , he would ask , was there one of their lordships who could expect to build a house now for the same sum it would have cost 50 or even 20 years ago ? The noble lord , he Understood , meant to bring forward the question , and it was to be the principal 23 object of his motion on another day , whether it would be advisable , to continue or abandon entirely the practices of building in private yards . That would be a fair mode of bringing it to issue , and one upon which he would have no reluctance to meet the noble lord . For the services in his professional capacity of the noble person in his eye ( earl St. Vincent ) he had all the respect they deserved ; but it was not new in the history of this country that , under the administration of naval lords , the navy had more than once been in danger of mouldering , and had well nigh gone to pieces . He had only to call the attention of their lordships to the naval administration of lord Sandwich , a person regularly bred to the profession , and yet , with the exception of one , the navy fell more into decay under the management of that board , of which he had been at the head , than when it was presided by persons , neither whose habits nor education were professional . When , he would ask , had the navy been most flourishing ? was it not at those periods , when it had been superintended by a noble earl in his eye ( Spencer ) , and another noble earl . ( Chatham ) whom he did not sec in his place ? Under whose management of the naval department , were the victories of earl Howe , earl St. Vincent , lord Duncan , and lord Nelson , gained ? He had no objection that as full an enquiry as possible should be instituted into the conduct of the late and present admiralty boards , but he did not intend that the question should be decided upon the documents moved for by the noble lord . He would also bring forward some documents , tending to illustrate the former invariable practice of the board of admiralty , upon most of the points touched on by the noble lord . It was not his intention to object to any of the material documents moved for by the noble lord ; there were , however , some of the papers which he did not think would be prudent to have produced He would , therefore , wish that part of the second Resolution beginning at the words `` also of all , representations , '' to the conclusion , should be omitted , and that the whole of the 4th resolution should be expunged . He did not think , being copies of letters from commanders of ships , that they were extremely important in the consideration of the great question it was the object of the noble lord to bring forward . He was aware that officers , as it had been observed , were often in love with their ships , but the progress of the passion here was different from what obtain- 24 ed in all other cases ; it was seldom very , warm at the beginning . At the commencement of a Spanish war , for instance , an enterprising officer would wish for a better sailer than the ship in which it had been thought proper by his superiors to place him . However , if the noble lord could produce letters complaining of the sailing of ships constructed in the merchants ' yards , he