the reasons which , I trust , will induce you to reject the proposal of the noble lord , it will not be necessary for me to enter diffusely into this question . But when I reflect on what were the circumstances which brought our family to the throne , and when I consider what is the object of the petition on your table , it is impossible for me to remain totally silent . With respect to the circumstances which brought our family to the British throne , your lordships well know that they originated in the revolution . The great object of that revolution was to secure the religion and liberties of these realms . These objects were confirmed by the act of settlement , by the declaration of rights , by the oath of supremacy and abjuration , and by the succession to the crown in the protestant line . To maintain and uphold all these , our family was called to the throne . And whatever can militate against these principles , in the remotest degree , it is my bounden duty , as a member of that family , and as a member of your lordships house , to resist . For this purpose , I must ask , what is the object of that petition ? It is to enable the catholics to hold offices of trust and power in the state . Was it not to oppose such a system that the revolution originated ? Was it not the very life and soul of that memorable transaction to secure the rights of church and state ? Are We then , my lords , going to undo all that the revolution has done ? Bear in Mind , my lords , the scenes that preceded the revolution ; they are strong proofs that the participation of equal power by catholics and protestants , is a thing incompatible with the principles of both . Are you not already convinced , by facts and history , that it is impossible for protestants and catholics to agree in the administration of political power ? What then will follow if the catholics be admitted to the great offices of trust ? You will soon see what , thank God , till now we have only read : we shall experience the same con- 693 fusion and bloodshed which stained all the reigns from , Mary , who began with granting them a dispensing power to hold offices of state , down to James , who ended with the dispensing power in their favour . He hurled himself from the throne by conferring on them offices of trust and power , which afterwards drew down on them all the weight of penal laws : I am justified , therefore , in concluding , that there can be no boon more fraught with mischief to king and subjects conferred than that prayed for in this petition . Not only , however , the awful experience of past times , but the temper of the present times call upon us to pause , and to listen to the voice of the two great capitals of the empire , and of different counties in the united kingdom against this petition . We know , my lords , what are the feelings and sentiments of this nation with respect to the causes and consequences of the revolution . The memory of it is kept alive daily by the most solemn acts when men are called to undertake public and corporate functions . His majesty 's subjects on such occasions swear to preserve his supremacy in ecclesiastical and civil matters . Does that petition acknowledge that supremacy in ecclesiastical matters ? No ! if then you surrender the power of the state to those who deny that supremacy , you do not maintain that supremacy , you virtually surrender it . Far be it from me , my lords , to shackle or to fetter the consciences of any men ; but equally far be it from me to pull down by rash innovation any of the venerable pillars of the constitution . All