denial , he should feel disgraced , and stand in the situation of a delinquent . Abuse of office was the subject of the present investigation . Public corruption was the subject of this inquiry ; he , therefore , would ask whether the noble lord was a proper person to be upon that committee ? but when the question was agitated , the gentlemen on the other side found it necessary to shelter themselves under the proceedings of the house , and say that he and his friends were endeavouring to vilify the character of the house , by objecting to certain names in the list for the committee . If those names were liable to objections , there was no other way of shewing that but by the mode his hon . friend had taken , and for which he deserved the greatest thanks . With respect to the mode of ballot , the theory which was used in the present case was not applicable in any other . When the abuses of government were the matters of complaint ; at a time when the people , loaded with taxes , were looking with the greatest anxiety to that house for redress , it was their duty to adopt the most efficient method of bringing delinquency to light , and doing that justice which was expected at their hands . But his chief objection was to the quarter from whence those lists had been circulated ; a quarter where the power was great , and influence might be practised . The right hon . gent . had said , that if lists were circulated , they were not obligatory ; he would ask the right hon . gent . if there was not great danger of creating an improper influence ? If in a court of justice , the accused party was to circulate lists among the jury who who were to try him , would not the right hon . and learned gent . the attorney general , fall immediately upon them , and expose the criminality of their conduct ? The defence that would not be accepted in a court of justice , ought not to be received in a house of commons . observed , that the hon . gent . who had spoken last , had expressed himself with great warmth , in defence of his political friends . In his opinion that part of their political life in which they thought fit to abstain from attending their duty in the house of commons , was not very honourable or advantageous to their character . The right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) had contended , that public opinion was not to be made a general rule of 534 conduct , but ought to have particular force in this case . He , on the contrary , thought it ought to have no influence on an inquiry into facts . The right hon . gent . said , the committee should be an accusing committee ; but he thought , it should not be an accusing committee to the exclusion of all disposition to inquire into the means of acquittal . An impartial committee would not be had if the list of the hon . member opposite to him had been adopted ; for it consisted of none but members who had voted against ministers on the subject of lord Melville . The object of the committee was indeed to inquire ; but it was as much to inquire with a view to establish innocence as to detect guilt . Its object roust be justice , and its pursuit the discovery of truth , and such , he was persuaded , would be the sentiment of the committee now before the house . He thought the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) a fit member of that committee , notwithstanding he had endeavoured to disqualify himself , for he had that sturdy morality which he stated to be a requisite in a member of that committee ; since he had given proof that the sense he entertained of