. differed from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , on the nature and effects of a libel . The hon . gent . said , that when a libel was not in unison with the feelings of the public , it ought to be disregarded . By parity of reasoning , it followed , that when a libel was in unison with the public feeling , it ought to be taken notice of . There was something in this that distinguished from other libels . The house sat rather in a judicial capacity . This was no political question , and therefore the libel was the more intolerable . The house had on this occasion done every thing with coolness , and no passion or party feeling was concerned . He entered his protest against the distinction that had been made by the hon . gent . for if this was to be allowed , a door would be opened to the most scandalous attacks on the house of commons , when it was found that they might be circulated with impunity . The question being loudly called for , and the house having determined `` that the Printer be called in , '' Mr. Peter Stuart appeared at the bar . —W . What is your name ? A. Peter Stuart.—Q . Look at that paper : is it printed and published by you ? A . It is . —That paper has been complained of to the house as containing libellous reflections on its conduct and character . What have you to say in answer to the charge ? A . `` Permit me , sir , to assure you , that I very much regret that any part of the contents of my paper of yesterday should have incurred the displeasure of this honourable house . If , sir , I have expressed myself too warmly in favour of lord Melville—for whom I shall always entertain the highest respect and esteem—I beg that this honourable house will view it as the unguarded language of the heart , and not a wilful intention to provoke the censure of a power on which our dearest rights and liberties depend . I intreat you , sir , that some allowance may be made for that freedom of discussion of public affairs , winch for a long series of years has been sanctioned by common usage ; and that the hasty composition of a newspaper may not be considered 441 as a deliberate design to offend this honourable . house. '' —Mr . Peter Stuart having concluded , he was desired by the Speaker to withdraw . then rose.—Sir , it is now my duty to submit a resolution to the house on this business . This I shall do without premising it with any observations . Of the sort of apology that has been made , if apology it can be called , I leave the house to judge , and I shall be perfectly satisfied with their decision , whatever it may be . I wish , however , to make one observation with regard to the charge that has been thrown out against me by a gentleman on the other side , of having been too hasty in bringing forward this business . Sir , I brought it forward as soon as the offence came before the public , and as soon as it was generally known , and this I thought to be the most proper period . Having said this , sir , I shall only move `` That Peter Stuart , in publishing the said paper , has been guilty of a high breach of the privileges of this house . '' —I do not mean to object to the motion that has just been made . But with regard to the observation to which the hon . gent . alluded , as coining from a person on this side of the house , I rather think the hon . gent . spoke of something that fell from me on a former night . I believe the hon . gent