might examine the books , the clerks of Messrs. Drummond , or Coutts : there you might take vivâ voce evidence . What was the language held upon a former night ? Was not the house told— '' do not be rash , do not come to a vote before a select committee furnish you with evidence ? '' Those therefore who then accused you of rashness , are now themselves ready to vote for a prose- 421 cution in a court of equity , though no evidence is produced by the committee . In whatever light it was viewed , there was every reason to lament the proposed amendment of the right honourable gentleman . It would have the worst possible effect out of the house . Let it not be said , that the house was already tired of the first appearance of the good that had been done . He was not one of those who exulted in the applause bestowed on the house for its first decision . That applause savoured somewhat of applause at seeing the house do its duty ; it had done no more ; was there room for surprise that such a resolution , after such evidence , should have been carried by a majority of one ? For his part he hoped the public eye would remain steadily upon the business , and attend to see how it would be followed up ; as anxiously did he hope , that the right honourable gentleman would not shackle the inquiry by any unnecessary restrictions . in explanation , said , the hon . gent . had described the amendment proposed , as if he had not listened to its terms . His object was to give the committee full power to examine every matter , but that which was committed to the attorney general . The proposition which had been supposed to be designed to get rid of all enquiry , was acknowledged to coincide with the first intentions of the hon . mover of the question . reminded the house , that an hon . member under the gallery ( sir J. C. Hippesley ) had said , that he could prove that the most magnificent edifices , and the most superb palaces , had been raised out of twelve hundred pounds a year ! In such a case he should be ashamed to belong to any party , but he thought it his duty to recommend further inquiry into the business . A great deal had been said about the propriety of persons answering to questions which might tend to criminate themselves . He knew , without possessing at the same time any knowledge of the regular forms of law , that it had been the uniform practice of every villain at the Old Bailey , for these hundred years past , to say , `` O Lord , I must not answer that question , because it may lead to convict myself ! '' But in honourable society , what would be said of a gentleman who would answer in this manner ? On the other hand , if a person in office did honestly confess that he had misapplied the public money , but would prove , that he had not done so 422 to enrich himself , the generosity of that house , and of Englishmen in general was such , that he might be certain of being free from any further prosecution . stated the grounds on which he should give his vote to-night , and with which he hoped the majority of the house would concur . He agreed with the right hon . gent . that a committee considering this subject , must be either limited by instructions of the house , or by their own discretion , to certain specific points . He never listened to a debate with more attention than he had done to the present , and never had he more complete conviction than from this . From every gentleman who spoke , but more particularly from an hon . and learned gentleman , who had most influence with him