and incapable , '' which he applied for the purpose of driving out the late administration , the most constitutional and least presuming he had ever seen ? What was become of that famous bill which had put the right hon . gent . in his present place , and which was immediately to gain an army to the country ? It had effected nothing , and he was compelled to resort to the militia , and to abolish his own act . As to the militia , if they were to be reduced as nut warning , they ought to be discharged . He cautioned the house not to favour too much such measures as this . He looked on the militia as the best and most constitutional defence the country could have , and as the best check against any base attempt that might ever be made by an army ' of mercenaries against the liberties of a country . was surprised that any gentleman could attempt to thwart the wishes of those brave men belonging to the Militia , who manifested a disposition to serve their country more effectually , by volunteering for the regular army . To give full effect to Such a disposition was the object of this bill , and therefore 'he would support it . With respect to the Militia system itself , he thought it to have much degenerated from the principle of its original establishment , and he on that account approved of its reduction . He considered ridiculous the language used with regard to the dangers of our situation . With such a force as we had , he contended that we had nothing to fear . With 500,000 men in arms , and a high-spirited people , there Was only only one thing wanted , and that was , that the hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr.Fox ) should take his seat with the right hon . proposer of this motion , to enable us to hid defiance to , and to overwhelm all the dangers that menaced us . Those two great men united , we should soon extinguish the power that threatened to annoy us ; we should soon destroy the vessels on the other side of the water ; we should speedily clip the wings of the bantam Emperor . rose reply , and spoke as follows . —I must beg leave , sir , to make a few Observations upon what has fallen from some of the hon . gent . opposite . And first , in answer to the question which has been put to me by an hon . colonel , I wish it to be understood , that I mean it should be left absolutely to the com- 83 manding officer , in the first instance , to select any man whom he wishes to part with , and , that the whole management , conduct , and regulation of the business should be entirely at his discretion , without any interference or controul , provided that the men , so selected and willing to enlist for regular service , shall be of a certain Size , and under a certain age ; and if you shall find men of that description , equal to four-fifths of the proposed number , then no farther step shall be taken , and such regiment shall be liable to no further call . This is the first plan which I propose ; but if it should not be adopted , then I mean in the second case that the commanding officer shall have it in his power to set aside one half of his regiment , and that the recruiting for general service shall only be made from the remaining half . Now , this one half , so selected , and consisting , as we may presume , of the prime men , will , after the recruiting shall have taken place , he equal to two-thirds of the regiment so reduced . Each regiment I will , consequently , have a greater proportion of prime men , than it