had two hearths . The whole loss to the public , by taking off the tax , was 28,000l . What I wish to do is not to revive the tax , but to lay a tax on houses under Seven Windows . Where the persons inhabiting them pay 50s . a year , the tax I propose is 3s . But to guard the poor man from being called on , he must swear he is not worth 10l . or does not rent land to the amount of 5l . a year.—In order to be liable to the tax , he must pay 50s . a year for his house , or be worth 10l . or rent 5l . a year in land . I can not think this will distress any one . Gentlemen will see that we are assimilating ourselves to England . Instead of taxing houses , according to the hearths , we exempt them till they are rated as seven Windows . This tax will bring back 21,000l . a year ; but then we must deduct 6000l . for houses of five and six windows , to be exempted as in Britain ; so that the sum I take credit for is 15,000l . These are , I think , the whole I have to propose , except one , which can only fall on those who are able to bear taxes . It is a tax of 25l . per cent . on all windows above seven . This I estimate at 31,000l . There is one more tax which I estimate at 17,000l . It is by an increase on Stamps and Licences . With regard to the Stamps , I mean to propose the rates of duties another day . The Licences will be those granted to Auctioneers , Brewers , and others . The tax will be not at all injurious to trade . One article only remains , and that is the Treasury Bills , which I make no provision for at present ; but I shall reserve for a future day , when I think it necessary to trouble the committee . There is one other subject which I wish to mention , though I do not mean to propose it as a tax at present . It certainly must be a desirable object to both countries to facilitate the intercourse between them . If the packets between Dublin and Holyhead could be so arranged that they could sail at low water , it would be a great advantage . I think a small duty might be laid upon Cabin 12 Passengers , which would produce about 3000l . a year ; and upon that a sufficient sum might be borrowed to make the necessary alterations in the harbour . This , however , will be a subject for future consideration . The produce of the taxes which I have enumerated I estimate at 262,250l . and the sum wanted for the interest of the Loan and Sinking Fund was 255,000l . which leaves a surplus of about 7000l . I will not occupy more of the time of the committee at present , but shall be happy to give any explanation which gentlemen may require . The right hon . gent . then moved his first resolution . rose , and regretted that the public accounts for Ireland , which had been moved for , were not laid before the house on an earlier day than the 5th inst . ; if they had , gentlemen would be much better able to go into the present most important , and at the same time intricate subject . Before he should call the attention of the house to the particulars of the statement made by his right hon . friend , he must protest against , and even censure the habit of anticipating the revenue in Ireland , long before it was received in the treasury . Much inconvenience arose from this practice , and he believed a great deal of injury likewise resulted from it to the country.—He could not refrain from lamenting that balances