nothing culpable in the statement of it , and this was the whole extent of what the petitioner had said . But with respect to what he had said of the character of lord Melville , if he had attempted to vindicate lord Melville on the grounds which the house had disapproved , he should not have attempted to support this petition , but he had not done so ; and rather than that he should be supposed to say more for the petitioner than he said for himself in this respect , he should quote his words , the substance of which was , that the petitioner thought the former conduct of my lord Melville was such as entitled him to the gratitude of his country , in which he had not gone further than he ought , perhaps , to have hone on the present occasion . The words of that part of the petition were these In any observations your petitioner may have published on the conduct of lord Melville , he could not but bear in mind , that the views of those societies , abetting domestic treason , and assisted by the co-operation of the revolutionary power of France , would , he verily believes , have effected the destruction of the British constitution , had not the wise and efficient measures brought forward by that administration in which lord Melville held so conspicuous a situation , been adopted , and this hon . house would not , in that case , perhaps , have been now in existence , either to cell-sure lord Melville or to pardon your petitioner . '' This was a mere statement of the object of certain societies to break in upon the functions of parliament , and of the part which lord Melville , as a conspicuous member of executive government , took in frustrating the designs of such societies , in which statement there appeared to him to be nothing indecorous . He could not find , in any part of this petition , any thing of that offensive matter which had been alluded to by 559 by several gentlemen who had spoken in this debate ; and if there was any thing that might be considered as transgressing the bounds of the most perfect propriety in the petition , he was not asking too much , he thought , when he asked the house to make some allowances for the possible misconception of a man in the situation of this petitioner . If any of the expressions in the petition were , and he did not admit they were , but supposing them to be so , they could not aggravate his offence when they were dictated by a spirit which intended to lessen it . The petitioner at least thought he was not doing wrong , and therefore ought not to be held guilty of any intention to offend , and intention alone constituted true guilt in cases of this kind . He considered these societies to which he had alluded , to have had some mischievous designs . He considered that lord Melville had been instrumental in preventing what he apprehended to be great mischief ; under these circumstances he could not think there was any thing in this petition which deserved the reprehension of the house . It was not for the purpose of reviving animosities in the house , that the petition had adverted to these topics , but merely to set forth what it was which had actuated his conduct , and what made him venerate , as he did , the character of lord Melville ; for these reasons , the solicitor general declared , he found himself called upon to support the motion of the hon . baronet , to call the petitioner to the bar , in order to his being discharged . explained , and observed , that although the petition had been shewn to the hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Sheridan ) it did not contain now any part of the paragraph to which that hon . gent . objected , except