asked whether any thing like it had ever been known ? The condescension of the petitioner in bearing testimony to the private character of the speaker , and the office he held , was indeed extraordinary . However far the house could go in tolerating the insolence offered to it , and to every thing else sacred in the state , he was decidedly of opinion that the insolence of this petition was beyond all toleration . He left it to the 544 house , whether ever any thing in the form of apology came up to this , which not only justified what the house had thought reprehensible , but even made accusations upon the house . He also pointed out the extraordinary claim of merit in opposing certain societies out of doors , which , it was modestly said , would , if not opposed by this person , and those to whom he referred , have prevented the house from ever sitting . He left it to the house what opinion it should form of this extraordinary petition . He should not offer any new motion ; but he put it to the hon . baronet whether the original one ought to be persevered in . The petition was , by general desire , read a second time . said , he really saw nothing improper in the petition , nor could he understand why the hon . gent . should cry out so much against it . If it was the allusion to lord Melville , and the credit given to him , and those who acted with him , for those measures which enabled the house to preserve its place , he had no hesitation for himself to avow the same sentiments , He could not help believing that the right hon . gent . misunderstood the language of the petition . He did not see the smallest impropriety in the petition , and he therefore continued his motion . although he professed himself to be no way averse to the object of the petition , thought that the petition itself was a very improper one to be presented to the house . It was unnecessary and improper to introduce in a petition of this nature , the opinions of the petitioner respecting the conduct of lord Melville in other times , and upon former occasions . He was at a loss to know for what other meaning this topic had been introduced , but for the object of attacking those who brought him before that house . The other topic which he had chosen for his defence , namely , the general principles on which he had long conducted a newspaper , appeared to him a most unseemly ground for the petitioner to rest his defence upon . In the first place , how was the house to know the fact ? How was it to be expected that they should know what newspapers he conducted , or what was his manner of conducting them ? He could not conceive that the house could admit of such a ground of defence , unless ministers wished now to inculcate the doctrine , that it will always be admitted as an excuse for those who may be brought before them for libelling that house , that the person who has , 545 been guilty of it has uniformly been a supporter of administration , and of all those majorities which could be supposed to be procured by the influence of the minister , and that he had before been in the habit of only libelling those minorities which opposed the wishes of ministers . could not well understand the conclusion drawl by the hon . gent . from the topic he had last stated . If the petitioner had stated generally , that he had been in the habit of sup porting administration , or any set of ministers , that would certainly have been nothing to urge in vindication or extenuation of the offence which drew upon him the displeasure and punishment of the house ; but when it was recollected , that it was