due estimate of the opposite responsibilities.—I can not mean any disrespect towards the supporters of the petition ; I know they are as adverse as I can be to the equalizing doctrines that have taken root in the minds of many ; but I must pause before I can accede to that levelling liberality which would consider the episcopal protestant church , that of Scotland , that of Rome , and all the sectarists in the empire , as entitles in justice and expediency to the same political privileges , powers , and functions.—My lords , as we have seen , within a few years , many awful warnings of Providence in the fall of states and kingdoms , and in the vicissitudes of human affairs ; chiefly owing to innovations in civil government and indifference respecting religious establishments , have we not good cause to adhere to a system of which we had a long and beneficial experience ? We have more to risk than any nation under heaven . The present long and perilous war is directed against the spirit of innovation , to which so large a part of Europe has fallen a victim . Did it not commence for the safety of our civil and religious constitution ? So long as the ancient barriers of that constitution shall be preserved , I am confident that we have nothing essential to fear ; and yet I am not blind to the increasing dangers and protracted difficulties which still press upon us.—I will not contest prophecies with some of my noble friends , who are pleased to say , that the day can not be distant when the demands of the petitioners will be complied with . I see no such probability , even with the assistance ( which I will readily transfer to them ) of a few noble persons who vote now against the petition , merely because they think `` the present is not the proper moment . `` —On the contrary , I hope and rely that the will-meaning catholics of Ireland will see and be convinced , that the sense of parliament is pronounced against their application , upon grounds of immutable truth and reason , and at the same time 829 with all that good-will mist affection which ought to prevail between subjects of the same sovereign . lamented that there should be any serious difference at this crisis between the English protestants and the Roman catholics in Ireland ; he wished all differences to cease , and supported the motion as a measure of wisdom . having formerly held an high official situation in Ireland ( chief secretary to the lord lieutenant ) felt it his duty to express the opinion on this subject which he had formed upon much reflexion . He conceived it extremely dangerous to grant to the catholics political power , except under a control , which was by no means proposed , and which it would be difficult to devise : and he thought such an experiment the more hazardous , as a language of constructive menace had been held by many noble lords of great weight , in course of this discussion , who had said that , what is asked must be granted , to preserve the country from imminent peril of fatal discord and disunion that must follow a refusal . This was a language of direct intimidation , which could not be listened to for many reasons ; for nothing could tend more to remove all limits to future demand until the very superiority of power , might be claimed or assumed . The house too was exhorted and warned to concessions , not merely for the sake of interest , but of self-preservation . But on the contrary , he feared much more from the concession than the refusal . Some noble lords went so far as to insinuate pretty plainly that the house , was encouraged to venture on rejecting the petition , from a reliance on the loyalty and patience the depressed and ill-treated catholics . He would not hesitate to acknowledge his own reliance on the continued loyalty