, in order to spew , that the evils we apprehend are not gigantic and formidable . Previous to this act , the prize agents gave no security for the faithful discharge of their duties . Now they are required to give security to the sum of 5000l . Under former statutes , agents might keep in their own hands the monies they received during the progress of a cause ; now the captors may compel the agents to vest the proceeds in public securities , until the proper time of distribution . Formerly , mariners could only recover their shares by tedious proceedings in the courts of law or equity ; now they may attain their right by a short and summary proceeding in the court of admiralty . Under the former acts , the charges of the agents were not submitted to examination and controul ; now they may be inspected and reduced , when they are unreasonable , at a very small expence to the parties . At this time , the agent is obliged to remit the balance due on the prizes to the navy pay-office , where , as formerly , he could retain the money in his own hands . Heretofore , there was no provision for the payment of monies on the account of prizes , after the appointed time of such payment , so that persons absent , either on their private affairs , or on public duty , on their return , were frequently disappointed of the rewards due to their exertions and their gallantry : now , for two days in each week , the office of the agent is required to be kept open , for the purpose of answering to these claims . Under the prior forms , the prize-money was disposed of without regularity ; now there must be a power of attorney for each captor . Thus it would be seen that much had been done to remove the evils , and to prevent the impositions to which a meritorious class of men were exposed . These regulations , then , deserve 65 the attention of the house in the formation of any new plan to counteract the disadvantages which the wisdom of parliament , from the nature of the concern , has not yet been able to remove . One great cause of detriment has been from their ignorance of the parties interested in the provisions under the late act , which have been made in their favour . If they do not know what is their situation in this respect , it is precisely the same as if no such prudent and humane regulations had been made . It is proverbial in our courts , that `` the law is made for those who are awake , not for those who are asleep . '' It has occurred to me , as the means of preventing the mischievous effects from the ignorance and inactivity of claimants , tat curators or guardians be appointed to enforce the provisions of the act . These may have full opportunities of acquiring information , and may communicate the result of their judgment on the legislative regulations , as applicable to the particular cases , to the parties themselves . This seems to me to be an obvious and practical remedy for most of the mischiefs from the cause to which I have adverted . In addition to this , some supplementary arrangements may be introduced with great propriety at the principal ports of the kingdom . It might be asked , if what I have proposed be consistent with what has been recommended by the commissioners of naval enquiry ? It is perhaps unnecessary minutely to enter into this comparison in the present stage of the business ; enough surely has been shewn , both in the present exposition of the law , and in the general notoriety of the facts , for the house to form some competent judgment on the fitness of bringing this measure under consideration.—The hon . and learned gent . concluded with moving , `` that leave be given to bring in a