the hon . gent . as well as the hon . bart . as to the unavoidable necessity of recurring to the ballot , but , in doing so , he acted in strict conformity to the opinion of the house , which was , that When the militia should be reduced to its quota , the custom of balloting ought not to be given up . He could not accede , therefore , to the motion of the hon . gent.—After a few words between Mr. Wilberforce , in support of the clause , and Mr. Canning and sir James Pulteney against it , the question was put from the chair , that the clause be brought up , which was negatived without a division.—Adjourned . The Bishop of Durham rose to express a wish that the noble baron who had presented the Petition from the Roman Catholics of Ireland , would have the goodness to name the day on which it was his intention to bring the object of that Petition under the consideration of the house . The subject it involved was one of such importance , that he felt it his duty to be prepared for the discussion of it , whenever the noble baron should think fit to bring it forward . in reply , said that it was his intention , as far as he could now foresee , to bring forward his motion on that subject on the 10th of May next , Should it however be for the convenience of any noble lord to postpone the discussion for a few days be for one could have no objection . only wished that no delay might take place after the day appointed by the noble baron . The order of the day being read for resuming the debate on certain questions relative to the case of Judge Fox ; rose to offer an amendment to a string of motions which he had 162 submitted to their lordships this day sen-night , the substance of which was , to add to some of them , the words `` punishable by the ordinary course of law . '' Here a very long conversion ensued on a point of order ; whether the motions should be put collectively or separately , in which conversation the following noble lords took a part . For discussing them collectively , were lords Grenville , Spencer , Carlisle , Darnley , Auckland , & c. ; for a separate discussion , were the Lord Chancellor , lords Ellenborough , Hawkesbury , sidmouth , Mulgrave , Buckinghamshire , and Redesdale . The conversation , which lasted a considerable time , at length ended in lord Auckland withdrawing his motion . after shortly alluding to his having been interrupted on a former night on this subject , moved that the Standing Order , No . 30 , purporting , that if any peer should require the house to go into a committee , for the purpose of delivering his opinion with greater freedom , by having liberty to , speak more than once , it ought not to be refused , be read . His reason , he stated , was to give a fair opportunity to noble lords to discuss this important point with freedom , by speaking as often as they were inclined.—A conversation of considerable length ensued on the interpretation of the standing order , the lord Chancellor , lords Hawkesbury , Redesdale , Morton , & c. contending that it was not imperative ; and lords Grenville , Spencer , Ellenborough , & c. maintaining that so long as it stood on the books of the house as one of their orders , it was entitled to its full weight and effect . having , in the course of the discussion , referred to some expressions of his R. H. the Duke of Clarence on a former night , charging him with having violated the orders of the house , in himself addressing their lordships more than once ; His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales rose to express what had occurred to him as being the meaning