, on or before the 15th of April , which was also a greed to . having moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of Ways and Means the Secretary at War in the Chair , spoke as follows : —Sir , it is now my duty to sub- 88 mit to the Committee those taxes by which I propose to supply the deficiency of the Ways and Means for defraying the charge for interest on the loan , in consequence of the decision of the House in rejecting the tax upon Horses used in Husbandry , and the alteration which has taken place in the tax upon Salt , with regard to the export of that article . The estimate of the produce of that part of the tax on Salt was little short of 65,000l . and the tax on Horses employed in Husbandry was estimated at 340,000l . making together a sum of 405,000l . for which it is necessary to substitute other taxes . Feeling myself called upon to do so with as little delay as possible , it must be , obvious to the Committee , that it is not easy without sufficient time being allowed , to resort to a source of taxation founded on a distinct plan consistent with the means of providing for the deficiency , without material augmentation to the public burthens . The proposal I have to make will consist of more numerous taxes , to a small extent each , over certain articles of the Customs , and some of the Excise . I shall begin with those of the Excise . The principal article is that of Glass , on which I propose an addition of 50 per cent . to the existing duties . The duties at present paid are on the cwt . 11 . 12s . 8d . for plate glass , 8s . 2d . on what is called Streadwinter 's glass , and 4s . 8d . on crown glass . The additional duties I expect will produce 80,000l.—The next article is that of Bricks and Tiles . The present duty on bricks and tiles is five shillings a thousand , which will produce 37,000l . This is an article on which there is an allowance made for bricks and tiles used for sheds and erections for the purpose of farming and husbandry , and consequently the pressure of the additional tax will be the less felt . The next article is an augmentation of the duty on Auctions.—6d . in additon to the present duty on the sale of Estates , and 10d . on the sale of goods . The augmentation is 1-6th part of the present duties on the first , and 1-5th of the present duties on the second : the produce I estimate at 31,000l . The next article is Coffee . It will be recollected that when the duty was last advanced Upon Tea , there was not a proportionate tax imposed on Coffee . It does not occur to me that there is any reason which applies to one of these articles , as an object of taxation , that does not equally apply to the other , except that , with respect to tea , it is an article of distinct consumption by the lower orders of the people , while cof- 89 fee is exclusively confined to the higher—the additional tax I shall produce is 6d . per 1b . which will produce 28,000l . The next articles fall within the description of those of luxurious consumption ; they are articles which hitherto have not borne their fair share of taxation—I mean Cider and Perry , which certainly have not been taxed in proportion with other commodities . Let it , however , be understood , that I mean the tax only to apply to cider and perry made for sale , and not to extend to those places where it is the usual drink of the people , and is made by the consumer . I propose an additional tax of 10s . per hogshead