beings . Yon can not expect the virtues of freemen from slaves ; and when I reflect on this , instead of being astonished at the situation of the Irish catholics , I am rather surprised that they have been able to conduct themselves so well as they have done . I am not surprised , however , that they now petition ; but I airs very much surprised that a petition has not been presented long before . I own I am surprised the petitioners were catholics , because I think the protestants should have voluntarily brought it forward . That would have produced the happiest effects , and have shown a confidence highly honourable to them . Power , in itself , is at all times dangerous ; but when you suffer one sect to lord it over another , you can not wonder if the feelings become warm and animated , and if discontents and jealousies are the consequence . Let us now , for a moment , sir , consider the policy of France . Fas est et oh hoste doceri . Bonaparté has formed an alliance with the pope , who has been at Paris , and officiated in placing the crown of the empire on that emperor 's head . The Roman catholic is the established religion of France , and yet protestants are there admissible to all offices of honour , trust , and profit , as well as catholics . If we were to land an army to-morrow in France , does any man imagine the protestants of that country would join them ? Some persons affect to think , and do not scruple to say , they can put more faith in protestants than in catholics . Let us see how far this is , consonant with reason , and justified by the test of experience , so far as relates to ourselves . Prussia and Austria , in the last war , were both our allies . The king of Prussia , a protestant prince , took our subsidy , and cheated us of our money , by withdrawing himself from our alliance and the war ; latter , a catholic prince , bravely and honourably stood by us 1013 till he could fight no longer . In the last war , sir , France lost almost all her American or West India possessions ; but the rulers of that country , like wise politicians , in order to make themselves amends , turned all their attention to making themselves strong in Europe . They therefore added Holland , Flanders , Italy , and Switzerland to their former territory ; and when a peace took place , the greatest part of what we had taken from them in the East and West Indies was restored to them . Bonaparté well knows now that whoever is strong in Europe must ultimately have the East and West Indies . It is that which forms the strength and power of the political tree—it is that which gives the lofty head and magnificent and which enables it to spread its branches to the most distant quarters of the globe . Europe may truly be called magna mater virum ; and as our enemy has turned so much of his attention to the consolidation of his power in Europe , we ought to follow so wise a policy and do the the same . Above all , sir , we ought as much as possible to consolidate our strength , by uniting the affections of all ranks and descriptions , of persons among ourselves . And unless you think you will or can overturn the constitution , by admitting a few catholics to sit in parliament , you will do a most politic act by granting the prayer of this petition , and thereby uniting in affection and political harmony every description of his Majesty 's subjects , who will cheerfully join heart and hand , and lay down their lives together , should it be necessary , in defence of that constitution and government under which they all enjoy the benefit of equal laws