. gent . talks of rancour , of which no trace has appeared ; but though there has been no rancour , it was impossible not to feel strong indignation when instances of strong delinquency were discovered . My hon . friend urged these delinquencies , with that force which was peculiar to himself ; but he never resorted to asperity of observation . He wished only the ends of justice to be fulfilled ; but when his object is accomplished , I am sure that my hon . friend will never think for a moment of vindictive measures of punishment . It is with a view to have these ends of justice satisfied that the motion of my hon . friend has this evening been brought forward ; but he has declared that if a satisfactory assurance is given that lord Melville has closed his political life , he has no wish to press the motion at the present moment . This surely is no evidence of rancour , of Which the right hon . gent . speaks so loudly in his speech . As to the necessity of the motion I have no sort of hesitation in saying , that unless something is added to the resolution on Monday night , they are left incomplete . After saying that the noble lord had been guilty of a gross violation of an act of parliament , and a high breach of his duty , we shall not discharge our duty to the country without following up such resolu- 344 tions by some corresponding measures . Without some others it is almost a nullity to suffer the resolutions of Monday to remain on the journals of the house . My hon . friend has said , and has said with truth , that the notification of the resignation of the noble lord by the right hon . gent . is far from satisfying either the house or the country . The resignation of the noble lord , at another period , might have been very proper , but under the present circumstances of the country , his mere resignation of his situation as first lord of the admiralty is far from coming up to the spirit of those resolutions which will afford such general satisfaction in every part of the empire . Lord Melville 's resignation after the resolutions of Monday was altogether a matter of course . Neither he nor any other man dared to have continued in power after the opinion of this house was so solemnly and so beneficially expressed . The resignation has taken place ; but what security have we obtained that he may not , in a very short time , be recalled to a very confidential situation under the crown ? The house will bear in mind that the noble lord still continues a privy counsellor , and one part of my hon . friend 's motion is , that he be dismissed , not only from his majesty 's councils , but from his presence for ever . It is not at the same time to be forgotten that the noble lord at this time is actually in possession of several lucrative offices held during pleasure ; and I do not think that , after the resolutions we have passed , his removal from these would be at all carrying punishment to an improper length . After the declarations we have made , can we take any precautions too strong to insure the object which the majority of the house professed to have in view ? The right hon . gent . rests a great deal on delicacy , as an argument for resisting my hon . friend 's motion . I , sir , am a friend to delicacy , where it can be exercised consistently with justice ; but I can never accede to a proposition for screening convicted guilt from adequate punishment , by any scruples which false delicacy would impose . With a wish then that our resolutions should not be evaded , but carried into the fullest effect , I should certainly be desirous of seeing my