of these catholics who had hitherto maintained it ; but that reliance would not be increased by increasing to the catholics political power . These oppressive restraints no longer exist ; and he would so far accredit their good sense , as to think that , with all the drawbacks on their privileges so strongly enumerated , they would yet prefer the station they now hold in the empire to any risk under any change to which they might look from the interference of any foreign power . They could be no friends to the catholics who argued their cause inconsistently , as at one moment to menace the country with the privation of all aid from them without submission to their claims ; and the 830 next , to rebuke the legislature for its want of implicit reliance on their invariable attachment . Was it wished by those who so urgently argued the necessity of uniting those four millions of catholics cordially in the national defence , that they should be considered as actuated to such a purpose , at such a crisis , by motives of self-interest only , after all the favours they have received , and all the declarations they have made ? But surely a much more generous and persuasive argument would be the manifestation of precedent efforts and exertions , from genuine patriotism , instead of conditional stipulations : but nothing could be more clearly necessary than that every species of menace or alarm , of unsteadiness or apprehension , should be completely extinguished on both sides , before an arrangement so important and delicate in its permanence . Quitting the course of general reasoning , he adverted to the period of 1783–4 , when the Irish capital was in a manner in possession of the self-organised Irish volunteers . The voluntary readiness to take up arms on that occasion , which was urged particularly by the catholics as a peculiar merit , was followed by an extreme reluctance to lay them down again , after the restoration of peace . Occasional votes of thanks to those volunteers had been moved , and too readily assented to , by the Irish parliament , as , in fact , the object was to prolong the continuance of an institution not regularly acknowledged , which , in a different period , might well become a subject of great political uneasiness . This was accompanied with serious symptoms of internal disgust . But by a decisive vote of ultimate thanks to the volunteers , with a recommendation to disembody and return to the occupations of peace , in which government had the good fortune to be supported by the manly and powerful eloquence of a distinguished character ( Mr. Grattan ) ; at this moment , perhaps , supporting , with his powerful energies , in another place , the prayer of this petition , which many fear , if granted , would be more dangerous to the established constitution than were the unauthorised parades of some catholic corps of volunteers . It was about this time , too that the first bill for an Irish militia was brought forward , at the desire of government , by the late Lord Mountjoy , ( who since , gallantly fell in defending his country against the fury of civil commotion ) ; and who , though the first to bring forward the catholic petition in parliament , afterwards fell 831 the first victim of a rebellion , in a great degree catholic . The noble lord stated these circumstances , as well to develop the real state of the catholic body , and the origination of those indulgences which have since so rapidly succeeded each other , as to mark the objects and designs which have actuated the movements of the different members of that body . It was a great error to suppose that the idea of complete catholic emancipation from all restrictions was only hinted for the first time in 1788 or 1789 . The noble lord ( Grenville ) who brought forward this petition , had appealed to the experience of those who had resided