the character of an impeached man ; being conscious that it could not avail him in case of conviction notwithstandining that the crimes of which he was accused were very different from that of heresy . What , however , will you say , sir , if I assert that the council actually did , though indirectly , decree faith to be kept , instead of broken , with heretics ? Indeed I so understand them . For they declare the person * who has engaged his faith , to be only acquitted of the obligation , when he has done all that depended upon himself . The council of Basil and the council of Trent ; If examined , would turn out as unfavourable to the learned member , as the council of Lateran or the council of Constance ; but since he has only named them as confirming the council of Lateran , I shall pass them over in silence . I have been induced to advert particularly to these points in the hon . and learned member 's speech , because from the nature of my professional pursuits , I * The words are—nec sic promittentem , cum fecerit quod in ipso est , ex hoc in aliquot esseobligatum . 993 had occasion to attend to such subjects particularly , and because it is not likely that gentlemen should be familiar with them . I have done so for the purpose of exposing to the house the line of argument that has been pursued and so much dwelt upon ; and also as a warning to gentlemen in future , to be cautions how they deal thus partially in abstruse learning with the hope of escaping detection ; or quote scraps of pamphlets for the purpose of making them the grounds of unfounded charges against bodies or individuals . But , sir quitting those remote ages , let us come down to our times , and recollect that we are not legislating for catholics in the twelfth or fifteenth centuries , whatever might have been their opinions in those times , but for catholics in the present day ; and therefore let us judge of them as they really are . Have they not pledged themselves to their loyalty and attachment to your government and constitution , by every test the legislature has proposed to them ; by every solemn assertion that can bind the veracity of man ? Have they not as solemnly disclaimed and abjured all those abominable and unsocial principles so repeatedly charged against them , in spite of their oaths and protestations ? Have we not virtually acquitted them of those odious charges , by all the successive acts that have passed for their relief ; and formally pronounced that acquittal in the preambles to some of those acts—and especially in . that of the Irish act of 1793 ? . Have we not the experience of the good and beneficial effects of the measures hitherto adopted for the relief of the catholics from the disabilities under which they laboured , to guide our judgment on this great question ? Have not the catholics proved by their loyalty and good conduct , that they justly merited the alleviations they received ; and shall we be told , that their conduct will or can be different , if you remove every remaining disqualification , and make them participators in all the blessings of the constitution ? The position is monstrous , and as such I trust will meet no countenance from this house . But , sir , if it be possible that anyl rational doubt can still remain upon the sincerity of the catholics in the solemn tests they have given of their principles , in direct opposition to the unfounded charges against them , upon the pretended authority of ancient councils : if any man can still suppose they hold the monstrous doctrines , that no faith is to be kept with heretics , or persons of a 994 different persuasion ; or that the pope may absolve catholic subjects from their allegiance to protestant princes—I can refer to the authority of