he recommended that the consideration of such a proposition should be deferred for a few days . On the first view of it , they should hesitate ere they agreed to put such a proposition to the judges , as containing points upon which he , for one , perhaps , could have no doubt . He should , however , in the interval he meant to propose , pay a most sedulous attention to the precedents , and to the records on the journals . It certainly required some deliberation , as possibly , by taking such a step precipitately , they might advance further in error . After considering the proposition in a variety of legal points of view , in the course of which he deprecated the putting such questions to the learned judges without further inquiry and deliberation ; he moved , that the further consideration of the motion be adjourned till this day se'nnight . did not mean to oppose the amendment of the noble and learned lord , but agreed in favour of a great deal of what fell from the noble lord who opened the discussion . He contended , that sooner than persist in error , they should , if found necessary , tread back their steps ; and he hoped , that no fear of imputed inconsistency would deter them from doing that which they should find to be right . He thought it would be proper to take the opinion of the judges on the occasion , who , it should be recollected , had , officially , seats in that house . No objection would be urged , he thought , to the noble and learned lord 's amending the language of the proposition , as he should deem proper ; and , after adverting to what he conceived a difference in the line of argument then adopted by the learned lord , and what he had urged on former occasions , observed , that he should not hesitate to follow that line of conduct adopted by lord chancellor Clarendon , on an occasion nearly similar , who resorted for information and advice to that quarter , which the usage of that house , and the constitution , equally pointed out as the most eligible in such cases . conceived , that the proceedings then before their lordships were not upon an address to his majesty , for the removal of a judge ; but the question was , what proceedings should be had 107 previous to such an address ? Those proceedings , so far as they had gone , he conceived , must be either substantially right , or formally wrong ; and the very learned and elaborate argument of the noble baron ( lord Grenville ) , and the several cases which he had cited in support of that argument , were by no means in point , but were quite distinct and separate from the question before their lordships . With great respect and deference to the noble baron , he considered it rather a quibble upon the question , than an argument grounded upon sound principles and the strict justice of the case . He contended , that the proceedings hitherto had been regularly and formally right . Their lordships could pursue no other course ; he , therefore , thought the consideration of the question should be postponed for some days , in order to afford an opportunity of digesting the subject . conceived that the question before the house was , not whether their lordships were to address his majesty for the removal of one of the judges , but whether their lordships would take the opinion of the learned judges , as to the manner of their future proceedings ? His lordship had no objection to his learned friend 's wish to postpone the consideration of the question for some days , as in truth he thought it but right they should take time upon so important a proceeding ; but the impression upon his mind was that , before any address should be presented to his majesty , the question