additional clauses he might think necessary , or else to move an alteration in the preamble of the bill . He however , had no hesitation in admiting , that the act of the last sessi on had put an end to the Supplementary Militia , and that his majesty had not now the power of calling them out If the whole number that were now expected to volunteer should join the regulars , such an accession , together with the ordinary recruiting would make then unnecessary . On the reading of the first clause of the bill , felt it necessary to repeat the observations he had thrown out on a former evening . He wished that a proportion of those who should volunteer from the militia , might be added to the royal marines , and he did not wish that any of them should be allowed to volunteer for either the foot guards or the cavalry . The principle of the bill was to increase our disposable army , and he could not consider either the cavalry or the foot guards as equally disposable with the regiments of the line . He allowed that the guards were a very fine body of men , but it had not been the custom to employ them in colonial service , like the marching regiments ; besides , their number was now nearly complete . He also thought that a proportion of them would be well employed in the royal artillery . He therefore moved as an amendment to the clause , that , instead of the words `` his majesty 's regular forces , '' should be inserted the following , `` the regiments of the line , royal artillery , and marines . '' did not at all object to a proportion of the volunteers going into the royal marines , but he thought it would be better to leave a discretionary power in his majesty to settle what that proportion should be . He also agreed with the right hon . gent . respecting the cavalry , and admitted that the power of 139 sending them into that description of force should be very sparingly used ; but he did not wish that it should be excluded altogether . Neither did he wish that many of them should enter the guards , although he must remark , that in all the recent wars the guards had very much distinguished themselves . They had not only fought in Flanders , Germany , and lately in Egypt ; but in a former war they had been sent to North America . He therefore considered them completely as disposable troops ; he then , in compliance with the suggestions of the right hon . gent . agreed , that the words `` Battalions of Royal Artillery and Marine , '' should be added after the words `` Regular Forces , '' in the clause . The clause as so amended was agreed to . On the clause for allowing the militia officers to select the men they wished to deep in the regiment ; could not agree to this clause . He neither wished to make the militia inefficient by taking all their best men from them , nor did he think it right that only the worst should be sent to join the disposable force . What appeared to him a proper medium , would be to allow a certain proportion only , suppose a third or a fourth , of the flank companies and front rank men to enter into the regular service . Should more of them volunteer , he thought it would best be determined by ballot , who should be accepted ; he thought it would be an extreme hardship to tell a brave soldier , who was desirous of honour , You must not volunteer or get the bounty , because you are a good soldier and a credit to the regiment , but such a man may volunteer , because he has been inattentive to his military duties , and is rather a disgrace to the regiment . For these reasons he could