to practice . I think the explanation I have now given is sufficient to remove all that apprehension on which the hon . gent grounds his motion , and surely it would be but an act of common liberality to the noble lord and his numerous friends to proceed in the way most agreeable to temperance and moderation . I trust , therefore , the hon . gent . will not persist in pressing the house to a division on his motion . began by adverting to the manner in which the motion had been spoken of by the hon . gent ( Mr. Banks ) on the same bench . The hon . gent . allowed that the present motion was a corollary from the resolution of Monday , and declared that if it had been put from the chair immediately after the other resolutions were passed , he must in consistency have given it his support . He wished to know , why he might not equally vote for the motion now , since whatever argument existed for the motion at that time , remained now in full force ? The only reason which induced a postponement of the motion then , was the lateness of the hour , and that was the only consideration which induced him to recommend to his hon . friend not to submit his motion till the next meeting of the house . He had frequently seen and complained of the inconveniencies of hurrying through important motions at a very late hour , and as some debate was naturally to be expected on so interesting a subject , he was anxious that every gentleman should have an opportunity of delivering his sentiments . He had said , that among other advantages which would attend the delay would be that of giving the ministry an opportunity of properly performing their duty ; but he never even hinted that the identical motion which his hon . friend now submitted to the house would not be brought forward . If the support of the hon . gent . to the bill was , therefore , now lost , it was entirely lost , because his hon . friend and himself had proceeded on a pledge that the motion would be adapted as an obvious corollary from the Resolutions , and that , viewing it in this light , they had yielded to the argumentum ad vericundiam—After these introductory observations , Mr. Fox proceeded in substance as follows : —The right hon . gent . who spoke second in the debate , has delivered himself in a manner so extraordinary and injudious , that it is really hardly worth while to take notice of his observation . The resolutions of the house on Monday night , seem so completely 357 to have irritate the right hon . gent . and , so fully to have overpower his mind , that he has his evening taken an opportunity of throwing forth his indignation without providing himself with grounds on which to exercise it . He has chosen to attack , without the slightest appearance of truth , my learned and hon . friend ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) as the author of arbitrary and despotic doctrines , and on this I shall not long detain the house after what my learned and hon . friend has said , in so satisfactory a manner . The right hon . gent . accuses my hon . and learned friend of arbitrary doctrines , because he says , that a person proved by evidence to have been guilty of a most corrupt use of the public money , should at least be suspended from his office till the charges against him be fully investigated . Now , all that I have to say on this is , simply , that it such doctrine be arbitrary , the most eminent lawyers in the kingdom have never been backward to promulgate it . It is a doctrine universally acknowledged and acted on in all the relations of life . When we hear or read of a servant , or a steward suspected of