and whatsoever is contrary thereto , and all heresies condemned , rejected , and anathematized by the church , I equally condemn , reject , and anathematize . Seventhly , this true catholic faith , out of which there is no salvation , which at present I freely profess and sincerely hold , I do promise , vow , and swear that I will most constantly retain and conserve , inviolate ; with God 's help , unto the last breath of my life ; and that , as far as in me lieth , I will be careful that it be held by , taught and preached to my subjects , '' [ All Romish priests call their parishioners subjects , in latin subditi . ] `` or those the care of whom shall belong to me in my function . So help me God . `` —The next evidence of the principal of the Romish religion , in respect to temporal governments , which it is proper to adduce , is the decrees of the fourth general Lateran council , held under pope Innocent III . in 1215 , in its third chapter . This council consisted of four hundred bishops , and eight hundred other fathers . These decrees assert the power of the church ( that is , of the pope ) of disposing of the dominions of kings and princes , commanding temporal lords to purge their dominions of heresy under pain of excommunication , absolving their subjects from their allegiance , and exposing their dominions to the invasion of catholics ; denouncing against kings , ruler , and subjects , guilty or even suspected of heresy , or inactivity in detecting and punishing heretics , the most terrible temporal punishment , such as confiscation , banishment , 876 torture and death ; declaring that faith is to be kept with heretics , nor conventions nor agreements made with them ; or if made , that they were nullities in themselves , and that no communication of any kind is to be held with them.—The council of Constance in 1415 , the subsequent council of Basil , and the famous council of Trent , of later years in the sixteenth century , all confirmed the decrees of the Lateran council , particularly in respect to heresy . That of Constance , in conformity with the decrees of the Lateran council , compelled Sigismund , king of the Romans , to break his faith with John Huss , and deliver him up to the council contrary to his faith and safe-conduct , declaring `` that no safe-conduct given to a heretic under what covenant soever , by any emperors , kings , or other secular princes , ought to exempt such heretic from the judgment of his competent ecclesiastical judge , who may punish him , though he come to the place of judgment , confiding in that safe-conduct , without which he would not have come ; '' and John Huss was condemned for heresy by that council in its twelfth session , and burned alive in its fifteenth.—In conformity with the decrees of the council of Lateran , Pope Pius V. excommunicated Queen Elisabeth , and absolved her subjects from their allegiance : his bull for that purpose wag afterwards renewed and confirmed by his successor Gregory XIII . Pope Clement IX . in conformity with the same decrees , issued his bull , enjoining the English romanists to do their utmost to keep out the Scotish heretic ( so he styled King James I . ) , that he might not in any wise be admitted to the kingdom of England , unless he would reconcile himself to Rome , and hold his crown of the pope , and conform himself and all his subjects to the religion of the Roman church [ See Carte 's Ormond , vol . i p . 33 . ] —It is to be remarked , that all these bulls were issued , not from the private ambition of the popes had court of Rome , but in direct conformity with the injunctions and decision of the