loyal ; I know your religion better than you do yourself ; you think you do not hold it your duty not to keep peace with heretics , but I know you do ; you think too , that you do not hold the doctrine of the dispensing power of the Pope ; but it is in vain you tell me so , I know such is your opinion . '' I should hope . my lords , that for any purpose of legislation , you would think it incumbent on you to take the religion of these persons from their own construction , and not from the construction of their enemies—that you would take then own conduct as the proof of their loyalty and not condemn them by the tenets , or doctrines , or conduct of some individuals at some remote period . I know not where the duty of persecution is to end . If you are not content to judge men by their conduct , you at least ought not to judge them for acts of which they are not guilty . If it is true that no catholic can be a loyal subject because of the council of Lateran of Constance , or some decretal order of the church—if it be true , that every man professing himself a catholic wishes to dethrone the monarch who governs him , in that case I desire you to consider what that goes to . It goes to this , that you not only can not make the concession demanded of you now , but that you can not at any time hereafter . Nay more , you must recal every concession you have made , unless you are ready to begin a crusade , to drive out of the country every one of those persons you think its irreconcileable enemies . Against such a principle , one knows not how to argue . If it was possible to bring forward any thing like argument , I should think myself pretty well warranted in opposing it with what was actual practice Is it true , that , in any country professing the Roman Catholic Religion , even at Rome , a man is bound by his religion to prosecute heretics ? If it was true that 664 catholics were actuated by any such sentiments , sure I am , that none of your lordships could have visited the capital of arts on the continent , or have set foot on the southern countries of Europe.—The next point on which I shall address a few observations is , that the mass of the people of Ireland are disloyal . If that could be proved to the extent the fact existed in king William 's reign , I should allow that the same reasons for imposing the restraints would justify their continuance . How shall I argue that the mass of the people of Ireland are not disloyal ? One way I can argue , is by desiring you to turn to the state of Ireland—to the acts of the legislature , consisting of protestants . See what they say of the catholics , of whom it is asserted that they are at this moment irreconcileably disloyal I could desire the clerk to read , not one or two , but repeated declarations by the parliament of Ireland , that the concessions of government were granted to the uniform good conduct and loyalty of the people of Ireland . I know I may be told that this was true up to the last rebellion in Ireland , and that the mass of the people continue tainted with the principles of that rebellion . That is only an assertion . It can continue only as such ; for there is no demonstration that the rebellion in Ireland was more or less of a catholic rebellion . There never was any thing more unjust , or unjustifiable , than to attribute the rebellion in Ireland to the catholic body . In the first place , down to the year of the rebellion , what had beer their conduct ? Before that time