gentlemen who approved of his arguments should interrupt those who might undertake to reply to them . He was one that would not be interrupted by clamour ; and he would repeat it , that such an appeal to the passions was little consistent with the professions of temper and moderation with which the hon . gent . had set out . This would be the more evident , when it was recollected also with what industry similar misrepresentations had been propagated without doors , and on subjects the most dangerous and inflammatory , for the purpose of raising a prejudice in time public mind . It had been represented abroad , though not charged to the slime extent by the hon . gent . that the pay of the seamen had been delayed in the navy pay office . So far from such a circumstance having taken place , he had the satisfaction to state , that that gallant and meritorious class of men had not suffered the delay of a single day in the discharge of any of their demands . But he had not only to complain of the hon . gent . having deserted his moderation in the latter part of his speech , but also of the manner in which he had represented the transaction and stated his charge . The hon . gent . had told the house that the noble lord , and the others implicated in his charge , had had an opportunity of being tried , and informed them also of the manner in which this trial was conducted . Questions had been put to them , and they might have answered . They undoubtely had the opportunity of answering to such and such questions ; but whatever might be the character of such an 281 interrogation , it was not a trial . What trial was there in which the party accused was not made acquainted with the charge against him , had not an opportunity of hearing the evidence to the charge , and of cross-examining that evidence ; as also of adducing evidence in his favour ? But in a trial a man was not bound to criminate himself , and in this case that was the only feature , whilst every other character of a trial was absent . The parties had no knowledge of the charge against them , could not confront nor cross-examine the witnesses , nor were allowed to call evidence in their defence , but were examined to criminate themselves by their evidence . He stated this only for the purpose of having an opportunity of adding , that it was impossible for the house to accede to the hon . gent . 's propositions , because the materials then before them were not sufficient to enable them to come to a fair , impartial , and final decision on the merits of the case . He admitted that the contents of the report were of a grave and serious nature , and that it was important to have it fully investigated ; and he was ready also to allow that , with reference to any instance of irregularity , it was the duty of the house to set their mark upon the transaction , after a full and fair consideration of all the circumstances of the case . But in the case of the present Report , he contended that there were not sufficient materials , to justify the house in a vote of censure , or to enable them to determine how far it might be necessary to follow it up with further proceedings . He contended , therefore , from the documents on the table , that further explanation would be necessary , before the house could be justified in expressing any opinion on the merits , or to state what lengths they should proceed , If he had not entertained that opinion before he came to the house , the arguments of the hon . gent . founded not on the report , but on a statement of numbers which he had found in the appendix , on calculations