from admitting persons of property and education into a share in the legislation . Whenever restrictions were to be taken off , it was the duty of those who proposed their removal , to see that it was done with as little inconvenience as possible . As a friend to the principle of the petition , he lamented that the time for introducing it had not been more properly chosen . The introduction of it at present , he feared , would tend to excite religious distinctions , and ultimately to frustrate the great object of the petition . When those who brought it forward , did it without the least prospect of success , their conduct tended to throw it a greater distance than he , friend as he was to the measure , could wish . When he saw it brought forward improperly , and intemperately , he could not feel much inclination to give it that support that he would have done under a different situation of circumstances . Upon those principles 700 he was disposed to resist it in the first instance . The principle of the petition was not the demand of the people of Ireland . Where were the petitions in favour of it ? There were none . It was brought forward by a particular set of persons , for their sole advantage . If the catholics were to be led into political power , he saw no reason why that privilege should be restricted to the catholics of Ireland alone , whose situation under the constitution was much preferable to that of the English catholic . For these reasons , though a friend to the principle of the measure , he found himself under an obligation to oppose it at present . said , that so much was he impressed with the importance of the subject now under discussion , that when he came into the house he felt anxious to state his speech of the noble baron who opened the debate , he conceived it would be unnecessary to trespass on the time of their lordships , as the noble baron seemed not only to have exhausted all the arguments in favour of his motion , but to have anticipated and refused all the objections that could be made . Nevertheless arguments had been used , from the other side of the house , so extraordinary , that it was impossible they could have been anticipated ; he therefore felt himself called upon to make some farther remarks on the doctrines of his noble friend , the secretary of state , who spoke first . His noble friend , however , and he , had been so little in the habit of agreeing on political subjects , that he trusted that their difference on this occasion would not , more than former differences , disturb their private sentiments of friendship and esteem . Indeed , if the doctrines laid down by the noble secretary of state and another noble lord were to be sanctioned by the house , they would be pregnant with calamity to Ireland , as there would then be no prospect of the removal of those grievances under which they laboured . He hoped , however , that the purport of what he meant to state would not be so totally misapprehended by the noble lords opposite , as the object of the petition had been misunderstood . The question was not , in the first instance , whether every thing which the catholics , or any other class of men to whom be religious disqualifications applied , should be indulged with all they might claim , but whether the house would take the subject of the existing laws affecting the catholics , into consideration or not . The arguments of the noble 701 secretary of state however , led him to expect that they would vote for taking the laws into consideration for a purpose very different from that which the petitioners wished . They had indulged such panegyrics , and passed such encomiums on those severe restraining laws under which the catholics had long groaned ,