the bravest and most honourable commanders in the army and navy are always suspended from duty during an accusation of which the result might be an honourable acquittal . The impression on the public mind would now be , that lord Melville fled for protection to power and not innocence . I hope and trust that this dreadful and disgusting business , like all other evils , will produce some good : that , this day will be an æra for commencing an examination into all public abuses , and be the former of such reforms as shall prevent great mischief in the country . I hope the right hon . gent . will himself undertake this great work ; and that the commissioners of naval inquiry , to 317 whom the country is so much indebted , will continue their laudable and salutary pursuits , and bring every great delinquent to condign punishment . opposed the motion , and insisted that the very severe animadversions which had fallen from the hon . gent . were not fu1ly justified by the nature of the charges against lord Melville . His lordship exhorted the house not to forget what was due to an old and faithful servant of the public , whose honour was dearer to him than his life . He expressed his sincere wish that the affair might be thoroughly , sifted to the bottom by parliament ; but he also wished , that the house would not be induced by party clamour and vociferation to forget individual justice . His lordship , therefore , deprecated entering fully into the business at present , unless it were intended to move further for the dismissal of lord Melville from his Majesty 's service . He considered , he observed , Mr. Trotter in the light of a deputy of lord Melville 's ; and that , therefore , the manner in which the public money entrusted to his care had been employed , demanded the particular attention of parliament ; but his lordship was against treating lord Melville with the severity intended ; and deprecated their being hurried by their sensations of strict rectitude into a premature decision upon a subject which involved objects of magnitude . His lordship also stated , that a strict examination of the accounts was very necessary to know to what length the supposed abuse had been carried . supported the motion , and censured severely the conduct of lord Melville . He enlarged particularly upon the answer the noble lord had made when the plain questions whether he had connived at Mr. Trotter 's practices , or received any emolument from them , were put to him by the commissioners . An answer , his lordship observed , very dissimilar to that of the Roman statesman , who , scorning any other justification , appealed boldly to the opinion his country at large entertained of his honour and integrity . Such was not lord Melville 's character : his sensibility , his integrity , was not of that nature which `` seeks the light , and courts the day . '' .—I do not rise , sir , at this late hour , to detain the house for any long time , but I can not satisfy my mind without saying a few words in support of the original motion ; for , notwithstanding I have listened with all the attention I am 318 master of , to the arguments of gentlemen who have opposed it , I must confess that it is impossible for me to leave the house this night without giving my vote in support of the resolutions moved by the hon . gent . It seems to me , that if I were willing to admit all which the advocates of lord Melville argue for , yet I am . equally bound to vote for the original motion . If the house were to step out of its way to adjust all the shades of criminality which belong to this case , then , indeed , it might be necessary to take some proceeding or other , similar to that