the resignation of sir Francis Burdett , he would , to-morrow , move that the petition against Mr. Mainwaring be discharged.—Mr . Creevy rose for the purpose of putting a question to his majesty 's ministers . Three weeks shall have elapsed to-morrow since the resignation of lord Melville , and yet no successor had been appointed . He wished to know who was to succeed to that important office , as under all the circumstances of the country , and considering the forward state of the enemy 's fleets , it was extremely desirable that a person should be appointed adequate to the urgency of the times , and arduous duties of that high office.—The chancellor of the exchequer had no difficulty in answering the hon . gentleman 's question : the appointment had taken place , and would be men- 457 tioned in the Gazette of to-morrow ; and the successor to that noble lord was one who fully answered the description of the hon . gent . and would be satisfactory to the wishes of the nation . ( After having sat down , the right hon . gent . mentioned the name of sir Charles Middleton . ) rose to give notice that he should move , to-morrow , for further papers respecting the eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry . rose to take notice , that the hon . comptroller of the navy had , on a day last week , given notice of a motion connected with the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry . He wished to know what object the hon . baronet had in view , in requiring additional papers on the subject of that report . The hon . baronet had given a notice of a similar nature on a former night without stating his object , and on the next day he had come down to the house before the usual hour , and had moved for a letter from himself to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , together with certain inclosures . It was impossible to know what the hon . baronet proposed to himself by the production of such documents . What had the house to do with his letter to the commissioners ? If he had any observations or comment to make upon it , as a member of parliament , it was open to him to avail himself of an opportunity of doing so . The proceeding was altogether so extraordinary and irregular , that he ( Mr. Grey ) was of opinion that the former notice and motion should be expunged , and that the hon . baronet should distinctly state what his object was . said , that upon the occasion alluded to , he had taken no advantage of the house . It was near five o'clock when he made his motion , and he had given full notice of the purpose for which he made it . He had stated that the documents were respecting the evidence given on the eleventh report before the naval commissioners . The house was then as full as it was at present , and he was not aware of having been informal or out of order . observed , that on the day of the hon . baronet 's motion , it was understood that a ballot for a select committee was to take place at four o'clock . He came down anxious to know the nature of the motion , as all he understood was , that 458 the notice referred to some papers relative to the eleventh report ; in fact , that it was a general notice . He thought the hon . baronet should have stated what his object was . remarked , that there was no question before the house on which it could come to any ultimate decision . said , the hon . baronet ought to apprize the house of the object of the motion he intended to bring forward . He supposed the documents he meant to move for , were intended as the medium of attacking a noble lord . If so