important , what is much more intimately connected with the resolutions of Monday night , that lord Melville has closed his political life ; that he is never more to have any share in the administration of the affairs of this great empire . We all know what are the connections of the noble lord , how far extended are the resources of his influence . None of us are ignorant how intimately he possesses the confidence of the ministers of the crown , and how anxious they , would , at any time , be to receive his advice and support . We have , independent of a motion similar to that of my hon . friend , no security against his return to power , a thing totally inconsistent with the resolutions of Monday , and which would render them mere wastes paper on the journals . But even admitting that lord Melville did normally retire , let it be kept in mind that he still continues a privy councellor , as my hon . friend below me ( Mr. Grey ) has already very properly remarked . While the connection of the noble lord with the administration of the 348 country continues such as it now is , I profess that I am not satisfied that we have gained what our grand struggle of Monday so justly entitled us to expect . Let me suppose that this intimacy continues , and that the minister employs his influence to misrepresent and vilify the decisions of this house . Let me suppose that the press is hired into the service , and that the public are told , in publication after publication , by the friends and creatures of ministers , that lord Melville has been run down by a desperate faction in this house—that he has been condemned unheard—that he offered to call evidence to prove the falsity of the accusations against him , but was refused—that , in short , he is a much persecuted , and much injured man . Let me suppose that , by these delusions , the strong sentiments of honourable indignation which now actuate the public mind are a good deal deadened , and that the minister , availing himself of these favourable changes should , during the recess of parliament , venture on the daring measure of once more recommending lord Melville to the service of his sovereign , and that his majesty , fatally yielding to this recommendation , should once more receive him into his councils . Let me suppose this , which is not by any means an impossible case , and what then is to become of all our resolutions , of all our efforts to stem the growth of corruption , of all our exertions to bring peculators , however elevated their rank , or extensive their influence , to an ignominious punishment ? It is to guard equally against this and any similar case that I am inclined to support the motion of my hon . friend . The right hon . gent . strongly recommends to us the propriety of leniency in our proceedings ; I am no enemy to leniency when properly exerted , and I have no wish that the noble lord should be treated with unnecessary severity ; but , before I can be lenient , I must know that the cause of public justice is secure . I must be satisfied that the noble lord shall not again have it in his power to have any weight in our national councils . I wish to have the public money placed safely beyond the reach of the corrupt and profligate . I am willing to shew as much tenderness as possible to the noble lord , though I confess I never had the honour to exchange one word with him in the whole course of my life ; but I shall be a party in lenity to no man till I have provided against peculation among great public men . I am clear , sir , for making every public delinquent refund what he has un- 349 justly obtained out of