He begged leave to differ from that right hon . gent . and to state , before the appointment of that committee , that he stood under very suspicious circumstances , particularly with regard to the delicate and confidential transactions of government , and the quietus that was granted by him to lord Melville , on the case of Mr. Jellicoe disclosed in 513 that report . An acknowledgement had been made by that right hon . gent . that he was actually in the knowledge of such transactions . It was natural to suppose , that the knowledge which he must have had of most of the transactions under the cognizance of lord Melville , would have implicated him in some degree , and required that he should be regularly and openly freed of any suspicion . Now , that lord Melville has been withdrawn , up starts the right hon . gent . and says , `` I am the person who is the object of the enquiry . '' It was particularly necessary to enquire , whether any representations were or were not made to the chancellor of the exchequer with regard to the withdrawing of the money from the bank . Such were the circumstances under which he ( Mr. Pitt ) had come down most magnanimously to move for a select committee for an enquiry . To whom were the house to confide the investigation of this important question ? The right hon . gent . had named , amongst others , three persons who had made oath at the table of the house , that they thought it would be very much to the detriment of public business if they were obliged to attend on election committees . The first person he should mention was lord Castlereagh , who had positively sworn , that he conceived that it would impede his official business if he attended on a committee . The master of the rolls had sworn , that he could not attend on a similar committee , without creating inconvenience to the suitors in the court of chancery . Sir William Scott swore , that it would be attended with difficulty for him to attend , on account of his avocations in the court of admiralty . Now , there were these three persons who were thus disqualified from attending on this select committee , which disqualification was proved by their own depositions on oath , on account of their having occasion to attend to other public business . The oaths which he had mentioned were not taken on a peculiar case , such as the Middlesex committee , requiring their immediate and constant attendance , but it had been their regular practice hitherto . He apprehended that every member appointed upon such an important committee as the present , should be perfectly efficient , and able in every point of view devote his time and attention to such an important enquiry . Much suspicion was attached to the formation of this committee . He would appeal to the right 514 hon . gent . himself , whether he really wished , or thought it was for his advantage or that of the country , to have such a committee appointed ? It was a committee of that right hon . gent . 's recommendation , if not nomination , ( a cry of no ! no ! ) He should wish to know if those gentlemen who were crying on this occasion , no , no , were willing to go to proof with him upon the subject . Perhaps he might think of calling some of them as witnesses to prove that the right hon . gent . had circulated these lists among his friends . He should put it again to the right hon . gent . standing , as he had done , in the place of lord Melville , and appearing magnanimous and gallant on the subject , whether it was a proper situation for the first minister of the country to stand in ? and whether he himself should appoint the committee intended to investigate his own