fear they inspired , that the influence of the clergy was almost unbounded . They , in fact , assumed an authority much greater than belonged to the catholic clergy in any other country whatever ; for their authority was restrained by no law . It was quite without controul . Before the reformation , the power of the catholics was not free from legislative restrictions . There was a remedy against the abuse of ecclesiastical power . But now what was the remedy ? An appeal to Rome ; and what kind of redress was to be obtained from such an appeal ? If any persecuted catholics could or would resort to it , he would leave it to the house to judge . The catholic clergy dissolved marriages on various grounds , not recognized by our laws . They forbid marriages within certain limits of consanguinity , contrary to law . In fact , the legitimacy of children , and of course the succession to property , was made to depend in a great measure on their will . The noble lord proceeded to account for this by stating , that the reformation had never been perfect in Ireland , and that , consequently , the catholic hierarchy still retained extraordinary power . The imperfect progress of the reformation he illustrated by referring to the reigns of Elizabeth , James I. and the Protector . Until the latter period , the catholic bishops , & c retained many of the ecclesiastical domains . Thus , in consequence of the slow progress of the reformation , the catholic hierarchy still retains a power without law—nay , contrary 715 to law ; and they tyrannize over the other catholics . As long as such a body remained in that country , he felt most forcibly that it would be absurd to expect tranquillity or Contentment . There was nothing more remarkable , the noble lord said , than the difference between the catholics of England and Ireland . Having lived in a part of that part of the empire where there were many catholics , he was enabled to speak to this difference . In those parts of England where catholics are resident , if one saw a farmer distinguished for temperance , cleanliness , and industry , it generally turned out that he was a catholic ; in Ireland it was directly the reverse . What could be the cause of this difference ? He had asked an intelligent English catholic , and the reason stated was this , that catholic clergy in this country studied to promote peace ; but those of Ireland found their account in pursuing an opposite course . So , much was he persuaded of the justice of the remark , that the hierarchy was interested , and prone to excite disturbance , that he sincerely lamented that their abolition was necessary to secure peace . Nay more , he was thoroughly satisfied that such an abolition would be highly grateful to the better informed part of the catholics themselves , as it would be for the interest of the whole body . This would be the more readily admitted when he stated that peace and harmony was most to be found in the dioceses where there was no bishop , or where the bishop did not much meddle with the parish priests . That bishops were not essential , or desired by the catholic parish priests , was apparent from the case of Canada . There the priests complained of a bishop 's having been sent among them , alleging that harmony prevailed among them until such an authority was placed over them . Having had communication with some intelligent , conscientious parish priests in Ireland , he had reason to know that the hierarchy in its present shape was not agreeable to the people , and was peculiarly disagreeable to the more informed part of the clergy . From those parish priests he learnt that they were afraid to be known to hold any communications with protestants , lest they should incur the censure of their bishops . Indeed this statement was