pleasure . The motion relative to the grants in Scotland , of which notice had been given by a noble friend of his ( lord H. Petty ) , now absent , from a circumstance ( the death of the marquis of Lansdowne ) which every one regretted , would shew how this was.—Mr . Whitbread then withdrew his motion . —On the second reading of the Stipendiary Curates ' bill being put , rose , and said , that the subject was one of the greatest importance , and entitled to the fullest investigation . He conceived the object of the bill to be no less than a direct attack on the church establishment , and an invasion of ecclesiastical property . He could not assent to the power proposed to be vested in the bishops , which he considered sufficiently great already . He highly disapproved of any measure which subjected the clergy to the absolute dominion of those spiritual lords ; and would not this be the case , if they had the power to grant the fifth of the incumbent 's property 612 to the curate , and set an arbitrary valuation on the glebes which they were to occupy . With a view , therefore , of giving the incumbents , and other persons concerned in church property , a fair opportunity of considering the principle and application of the bill , he should conclude with moving , that the second reading be postponed to this day fortnight . seconded the motion . He said , that although this bill professed only to encourage the residence of curates , the effect of it would he to transfer to the curates . above one-fifth of the whole revenue of the rectories . He particularly objected to that clause which proposed to empower the bishops to let out the glebe to the curates , at any rent they pleased . defended the principle of the bill . The principle was the same with that of several laws on the statute book . A similar bill had passed the house of commons twice lately ; from which the present differed only in as far as it was framed to obviate the objections of the upper house of parliament . The grants to the curates were in consideration of residence ; and both by the common law and canon law the incumbent was obliged to do the duty of the church , or forfeit by non-residence . There was nothing in the bill subversive of the principles of the constitution of the church of England , whose property and rights no man living would be more ready to uphold and assert than himself . None as there were several clauses in the bill unfilled up , if gentlemen would consent to its going into a committee , to fill up the clauses , he should propose that the report should be received on Wednesday se'nnight , a period of delay which he hoped gentlemen would allow to be quite sufficient . could not bring himself to think that there was any danger to be apprehended to our church establishment from the passing of this bill . When the duty was performed for the incumbents , they ought not surely to deal out with a niggard hand the stipend for that service . did not object to the principle of the bill , but he wished the right hon . gent . ( the Attorney General ) to consider the propriety of giving glebes to the curates under the provisions of the bill as it now stood ; if the glebe ground was in tillage , it might be ruined in a short time , or if in grass , it might be so much injured in a few years , that the loss to the incumbent would be irreparable , He had no objection 613 to the curates having the glebe , house , and garden , but he could not give his consent that the glebe be disposed of according to the valuation of the bishop . expressed himself against the bill , and observed , that although