force of a thunderbolt . If you have any apprehension on this account , the error is to be found in yourselves ; in human policy , not in religion ; in the fallibility of man , not of God . If you wish to strip rebellion of its hopes , France of her expectations , reform that policy ; you will gain a victory over the enemy when you gain a conquest over yourselves . But I will for a moment accede to the member 's statement against facts and history : what is his inference ? during one hundred years of the proscriptive system , this state has been in imminent danger : therefore , adds he , continue the system ; here is the regimen under which you have declined—persevere . But the member proceeds to ob- 925 serve , that you can not hope to reconcile whom you can not hope to satisfy ; and he instances the repeal of the penal code . I deny the instances : the repeal in 1778 and 1782 did reconcile and did satisfy ; and according you will find that the Irish catholics in 1779 , 1780 , 1781 , and 1782 , were active and unanimous to repel the invasion threatened at that time , when the French rode in the Channel , and Ireland was left to the care 6000 regulars , and was only defended from invasion by the spirit and loyalty of the catholics , in harmony and in arms with their protestant brethren . The repeal of a principal part of the penal code , in 1793 , did not reconcile , and did not satisfy : it was because the Irish government of that time was an enemy to the repeal and to the catholics , and prevented the good effects of that measure . That government , in the summer of 1792 , had sent instructions ( I know the fact to be so ) to the grand juries , to enter into resolutions against the claims of the catholics . Their leading minister opposed himself at one of the county meetings , and took a memorable post of hostility and publicity . When the petition of the catholics was recommended in the king 's speech 1793 , the Irish minister answered the king , and with unmeasured severity attacked the petitioners . When the bill introduced in consequence of his majesty 's recommendation was in progress , the same minister , with as unmeasured severity , attacked the bill , and repeated his severity against the catholics . When the some bill a of reconciliation , in consequence of the recommendation and reference of the petition , was on its passage , the Irish government attempted to hang the leading men among the petitioners , and accordingly Mr. Bird and , Mr. Hamil were by these orders indicted for a capital offence , I think it was defenderism ; and so little ground was there for the charge that those men were triumphantly acquitted , and the witnesses of the crown so flagrantly perjured , that the judge , I have heard , recommended a prosecution . These were the causes why the repeal of 1793 did not satisfy ; and in addition to these , because the government took care that the catholics should receive no benefit ; therefore opposing these with their known partisans and dependents in the corporation of Dublin , when they sought for the freedom of the city , seldom giving any office ( there are very few instances in which they got any ) in consequence of the act of parliament , and always attacking their cha- 926 racters from a court press ; so that the aversion of the Irish government stood in the place of disqualification by law , and the hostility of the Irish minister succeeded to the hostility of statute . The catholics , some of them I know , thought so , and there are gentlemen now in parliament to whom they communicated their sentiments , that they would prefer their situation before the repeal of 1793 , to the