thing by a wish , it would be desirable that the unity which we have established in government should prevail in matters of faith ? I have no hesitation in saying , that it would be a happy thing indeed it we were all united in our religious as well as in our political and constitutional opinions . But we are to consider the question not as we wish it , but as it is , as it has been since the revolution , and as it is likely to continue beyond any period of legislation we can contemplate . This being the case , I hope there is no man who , merely because he wishes there was not this body , flatters himself that he may shut his eyes to the population of three-fourths of the country , and content himself with saying , `` I will provide for that which belongs to the protestants , but I will take no cognizance of the other larger proportion of the population . '' I hope no man entertains such an opinion . If he does , I wish him to cast his eyes back to any period of the history of this country , and to point out what moment there was in which the distinction of religious faith , as it regarded the concerns of the large population of catholics , did not form , I will not say a leading circumstance , but the leading circumstance in the situation of the country ; and 655 I would ask him , whether he thinks it would be possible to carry on the legislation of the country , if parliament should shut its eyes to that which constitutes the leading circumstance and feature of the country . That parliament has always acted upon this distinction of religious faith , is a fact which I will not detail by long historical narration , because I take it for granted that your lordships have a full knowledge of the subject . It will be abundantly sufficient if I refer your lordships to what , since the revolution down to the present reign , and from the present reign to the present moment , has been the system . At the period of the revolution , this great mass of the population of Ireland was unhappily connected with political opinions adverse to the principles of the revolution . I believe I may state , without any deviation from the truth of history , that from the concurrence of circumstances familiar to all your lordships , the catholic opinions were at that time intimately blended with political opinions adverse to the government of the protestant interest . A great difficulty arose out of this fact to those who wished to maintain the relations between Great Britain and Ireland . It was not to punish religious opinions , not to put down religious opinions , not even because the catholic religion , as such , implied particular civil opinions in church and state , but it was because those opinions were connected with opinions favourable to the exiled family , that it was found expedient to exclude the catholics from certain objects of participation in the constitution and government of the country . I conceive it is not necessary for me to arraign the policy of the measure . Whether it was expedient , depended on local circumstances , of which it would be difficult to judge at this distance of time ; but this at least we know , that the situation of that day , is not the situation of this day . In justice to the memory of one of the greatest princes that ever existed on the face of the globe , and one of the warmest friends of liberty and toleration , let me say , that it is not to the memory of king William that we must attribute the measures that were taken afterwards . We may confidently say , they were measures forming no part of any system that could have obtained his approbation or concurrence . In a subsequent reign the system was this :