which he undertook to defend his character . All the rest of the petition was merely the expression of sorrow and contrition for having offended the house , and this part certainly could not be objected to . begged the house would observe how small a part of this petition was taken up with expressions of sorrow and contrition in comparison to what had been allotted to the other topics . It certainly could not be supposed that he disagreed altogether from the opinions stated in those topics , and more particularly in that one which was complimentary to the speak- 547 er . His objection was not to the observation itself , but the time and place in which it appeared . It was not the commentary and the criticism itself which he found fault with ; they might be very good , but non erat hic locus . The petition of a person under punishment for libelling the house was not the place in which a commentary on the conduct of the speaker ought to be found . It was the complexion and character of the performance altogether , that made it impossible to agree to the motion , and he therefore intended to move an amendment . rose to order . He thought it irregular for a member to make a second speech with a view of moving an amendment . gave his opinion , that by the rules of the house the right hon . gent . could not make a second speech to move an amendment . felt extremely sorry to be obliged again to trouble the house on this business . He did not know what was the precise nature of the amendment intended to be moved by his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) but he thought it was evident that the house was now placed in a situation that made it impossible to avoid passing some severer punishment than was at first thought of . If the nature of the composition which was presented as a petition was considered , it would appear to have been written altogether in a strain of defiance and accusation . This was the general tone of it , and nothing proved it more strongly than the defence of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) . Could the house countenance the petition of a person who placed himself in the situation of accuser of one of the parties ? Was it not evident that the general object of the petition was to attack those who brought this business before the consideration of the house ? He must confess it gave him very uneasy sensations the other night , when he heard an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sheridan ) give the term of `` milk and water , '' to what he conceived the grossest libel against the character of the house that ever was submitted to their consideration . It was by no means to be considered as an animated discussion of public affairs , but a mere composition of unqualified abuse against the majority of the house . It was an attack upon their character as judges sitting in a court of justice ; it called them intemperate , partial and presumptuous . He , on the former night , had left the libel to the consideration of the house , without making any observa- 548 tions in aggravation , which he now conceived that he had a right to make . He should therefore now state , that gross and enormous as he conceived the libel to be which he had submitted to the consideration of the house , it was in his opinion highly aggravated by the style of defiance which appeared throughout this petition , and which was highly indecent and insulting to the house . He did not exactly know what amendment to move for , but he thought that the punishment ought now to be increased . thought the hon . member might have spared all those topics that related to the libel itself , and have confined himself to the