, in official situation , in Ireland , to speak to the catholic character and conduct . Other noble lords had ably and honourable done so ; and he would now add such testimony as occurred to his own experience.—The great change effected in the political situation of Ireland in 1782 continued unfortunately to have a lasting effect on the catholics of all descriptions , ever afterward . From these might be dated the systematic restlessness , disorder , nay , absolute disloyalty , in a large portion of the lower orders , and the growing eagerness in the higher classes for place and power . Both adopted measures but ill chosen for success ; but they decidedly marked the fast hold those objects had taken on the catholic mind . They formed great expectation of advantage from the new-born independency of Ireland upon England ; but shortly after , those hopes were changed to doubt , and them to despair ; murmurs and complaints ensued at their meetings , and demagogues , and priests chosen from the lowest orders , educated abroad , and fraught with seditious principles , laboured to work up the minds of the people . They were taught to rely for every thing on the superiority of their numbers , and a separation from England . Relief from tithes and rents , and gain of property and provision without labour , were all to arise from this separation ; and it soon become a cant word , and the bond of a dangerous union . White Boys , and other predatory associations arose , which , though soon suppressed by the vigour of government , still left behind them those germs of their principles , that never since have been quite extinguished . The weight and influence of their higher orders , and particularly of their clergy , were considerably diminished ; and have never since been regained . Their lassitude and tardiness in aiding to suppress the disorders alluded to , were observable to government ; and there appeared but too much cause to sus- 832 pect that such aid was reserved for conditional compensation . In the beginning of 1786 , Dr. Butler , the titular archbishop of Cashel , and man of considerable talents and high family connexion , and then considered the great organ of the catholic cause , addressed a remonstrance to government , upon the disappointment felt by the catholics at the lapse of a whole session of parliament , without any mark of favour to them . Long sufferings , merits , and expectations were urged , and much mortification and discontent were expressed , especially as parliament was not engaged in the consideration of any foreign war , or other business of difficulty or embarrassment ; and after expatiating much on their zeal in the volunteer cause , and their uniformly inoffensive and loyal conduct , the remonstrance concluded by saying , they would be satisfied for the present with some introductory privileges , such as the professions and honours of the bar and army , as preludes to the attainment of every thing else . The answer to this remonstrance expressed surprise at the matter , manner , and time of it ; and at the same time reminded Dr. Butler , and through him , his community of the internal disorders and commotions them existing , excited by and confined to catholics , and most prevalent where catholic influence was the most powerful . It therefore denied the propriety of any remonstrance , expectation , or requisition for favours , while there was no mark of auxiliary exertion from the higher catholics to support the tranquillity and good order disturbed lately by their own community . Several conferences followed , which ended in an offer on the part of government to submit the claims of the catholics to parliament ; but not without conditional professions of active gratitude . The hazard of such a reference was thought much greater than the probability of its success : but there was an end , for the time , to petition , and remonstrance , and soon afterwards