Melville had found Mr. Trotter clerk of the navy office . He made him his paymaster , and in a short time lord Melville contrives to make him his agent . In this situation of an agent , lord Melville has pecuniary concerns with Trotter to a vast amount , and when his lordship is examined he is unable to inform the commissioners whether the advances made by Mr. Trotter were from his own or from the public money . The honourable member animadverted strongly on this declaration , which was on the part of lord Melville extremely suspicious . How was it possible that lord Melville could for a moment suppose Mr. Trotter to be making advances out of his own fortune ? The fact was , that Mr. Trotter had originally no fortune . He was a man of a good family in the part of the country to which he belonged ; but lord Melville knew when he first began to patronize him that he had no property but what he derived from his salary as paymaster of the navy . It was absolute equivocation then to pretend that lord Melville could be ignorant of Mr. Trotter making use of the public money to a vast amount . He condemned , as extremely suspicious , Mr. Trotter 's acting as lord Melville 's agent . When Mr. Trotter , the paymaster and agent of lord Melville , was known to have extensive dealings with Mark Sprott a stock-broker , was not the inference the most natural that their dealings were mutual ? Would not people have a right to presume that lord Melville shared in the profits of those speculations , to which there seemed every reason to think that he was accessary ? —But , indeed , it was not easy to see how this conclusion could be evaded . Was lord Melville ready on oath to disclaim such a connexion , or that he had ever derived the slightest advantage from any speculation in which Mr. Trotter was engaged ? What was the language of all the predecessors and successors of Lord Melville ? When the paymaster of Mr. Barré was asked , whether he had received any emolument from the application of the public money ? he readily answers—No . Had lord Bayning received any advantage ? Had lord Harrowby ? —No . Had Mr. Bragge ? Had Mr. Tierney ? —No . Lord Melville is compelled to give evasive answers . He shelters 273 himself behind the confidential communications of government . He can afford no information , for his papers were destroyed . He has no recollection of what took place only a few years ago . The noble lord was remarkable for his retentive memory . He could reckon up , with accuracy unexampled , all our losses or our victories during the late contest . The right hon . gentleman opposite had not unfrequently derived the benefit of the noble lord 's memory , when recollection was not of the most trifling moment . Yet here the noble lord 's recollection totally forsook him , and certainly such an instance of weak recollection was not a little remarkable . Surely it was no great effort of memory to recollect whether profit had ever been received from the use of the public money , and a simple monosyllable was sufficient to state that recollection . Unfortunately this monosyllable was absent , at a moment when it was most wanted . Mr. Trotter 's answers , too , respecting lord Melville , were of the most damning description . Did you receive any emolument from the use of the public money ? —I wo n't tell you . Did you know of the amount of the sums advanced for the confidential service of government ? —I wo n't tell you . Did lord Melville authorize you to use the public money for private emolument ? —I wo n't tell you . Did lord Melville share with you in any profit arising from such a use of the public money ? —I wo n't tell you . Here the hon . gentleman read