5d . each , in order to answer Irish currency , would be issued.—The motion was then read from the chair , and leave given to bring in the bill . also moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend an act , for the repair of post roads , passed in the parliament of Ireland , in the 32d of the king . The object of the amendment was , that postmasters may be enabled to send the mails by mail coaches , or otherwise , with greater safety and expedition than could be done at present , from the badness of many of the public roads , which , by the bill , should be repaired and altered , where the public convenience and advantage made it necessary . observed , that if the bill were not speedily passed , it must lie over till next year , because the money for the proposed improvement was to be assessed by the grand juries at the assises . said , he did not wish to precipitate public business ; but , at all events , that delay was necessary for accomplishing the object of the present measure . In the first place . surveyors must be sent to exa 131 mine and measure the ground wherever improvement was to be made ; the returns of the surveys would be , of course , a tedious work ; hence it was obvious , that hurry would not answer the purpose on the present occasion.—Leave was granted to bring in the bill.—The right hon . gent . likewise moved , for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Irish Spirit Licence bill , as far as it regarded distillers . The right hon . gent . observed , that it might be necessary to inform the house , that the law in Ireland did not allow more than four gallons of spirits to be carried from any distillery without a permit ; the consequence of which was , that Liverpool jars , containing a quantity somewhat smaller that the law specified , had been employed for the purpose of taking advantage of the act . It was not unusual to have 20 or 30 men running from one establishment with liquor thus conveyed . The object of the bill which he meant to bring in was to remedy this detriment to the revenue . Leave was granted.—Adjourned . Counsel were farther heard on the Scotch Appeal , sir A. Cathcart , bart . v. the earl of Cassilis , namely , Mr. Clarke , in continuation , as second counsel for the appellant . The farther consideration of the case was postponed till to-morrow.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their several stages ; among these the Additional Legacy Duty bill went through a committee , and was afterwards reported.—Some private business was disposed of ; after which the house adjourned till to-morrow . presented a petition from the manufacturers , tradesmen , and the inhabitants of Manchester , praying for the repeal or amendment of the Corn bill , passed last Sessions . Ordered to lie on the table.—Sir John Newport brought up a bill for establishing a provisionary Asylum for Lunatics in Ireland ; which was read a first time—Mr . Curwen moved , that there be laid before the house copies of the opinion delivered by the Attorney and Solicitor-General before the Privy-Council , upon the claims of 132 John Duke of Athol , on the Isle of Man . Ordered—Mr . Crevey rose to make his motion respecting the claims of the Duke of Athol upon the Isle of Man . He observed , that during the last administration , an order had been made adverse to the claims of that peer , bearing date in Aug. 1802 . He was desirous of knowing what gave rise to the sudden change of sentiment with regard to the claims of the noble duke , and produced a contrary order in March last , He would therefore move , `` that an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would