the state , and of their conspiracies , massacres , and rebellions ; but this is gross misrepresentation ; for that part of the code particularly complained of as unjust and oppressive , was enacted in the reigns of William and Anne , after their conspiracies massacres , and rebellions , had been plotted and executed , and therefore was the effect , and not the cause , of their notorious disaffection and treasons . And these laws could not have been the causes of the last rebellion and massacre in Ireland , for they were all repealed prior to that rebellion , and massacre . The popery code was nearly the same in both kingdoms.—These laws ( for wise and provident they were , notwithstanding the false and their abettors against them ) prohibited romanists from the acquisition of landed property , political influence , and power , in both countries ; and thereby disabled them in a great measure from disturbing the state , in conformi- 886 ty with their avowed principles . Whilst these laws remained unrepealed , romanists were more peaceable subjects than they now are , because it was not in their power to be otherwise : the maniac in a straight waistcoat , or the tiger in a cage , can do no mischief , yet deserve no commendation for their gentleness . The British ministry , influenced by active and able Romish agents ( particularly the late Mr. Edmund Burke ) , and imposed upon by the grossest falsehoods and misrepresentations ( which have had a powerful effect on them , from their own absolute ignorance of the true state of Ireland ) have , for these twenty years last past and upwards , exerted all their influence in the Irish parliament to procure the repeal of these laws , session after session , and have in a great measure succeeded , though they have not yet procured the repeal of the popery code in England in the same degree . In this respect they treated the Irish nation in the way that condemned malefactors have been sometimes treated , on whom dangerous experiments in physic and surgery have been tried , before their general application is sanctioned to the public . The English ministry , not content , in the year 1793 , with procuring a bill to pass in the Irish parliament , for repealing all the laws which disabled romanists to vote at elections of members of parliament , prefaced the bill with an assertion I can not admit , to wit , that the conduct of the romanists had been loyal . Whoever will take the trouble of turning to the Irish acts of the 19th of Geo . II . of the 29th of Geo . II . and to all acts passed Ireland for twenty years preceding the year 1793 , for the suppression of the petty rebellions of the White Boys and Defenders , all romanists , who have from time to time infested , and desolated several parts of Ireland , committing the most atrocious acts of treason , will be clearly convinced that the Irish romanists have no good claim to the character of loyal subjects , from the time of the revolution to the era of their late rebellion . But supposing it were admitted , for argument 's sake , that romanists have been generally peaceable subjects , from the revolution till a few years . before the breaking out of the late rebellion . ( loyal it can not be pretended that they were , their avowed principle of the subjection of the nation to a foreign yoke being disloyal ) , they can derive no merit from such peaceable demeanour : the popery code rendered their submission to the laws a matter of necessity ; they were peaceable because they were 887 disabled , in a great measure from exerting their avowed hostility constitution by the efficacy of the popery code ; and nothing more clearly demonstrates the truth of this conclusion than this fact , which can not be denied , that they have advanced in their march of