, and that consequently nothing could be thrown in the way of the noble Marquis , which had not previously obtained the sanction of his majesty 's ministers . There was a circumstance of great importance with regard to the Mahratta people ; and another point upon which he should touch , of which , he believed , the next generation , when it came to peruse the labour of the historian , would judge more correctly than the present ; and they had been described as having been decided by the court of directors , when , in truth , the directors were so far from bearing any share in them , that they hind never been allowed even to , discuss them . He confessed he could not comprehend the plans of the noble marquis . They appeared to him to be accompanied with present difficulties , to him with mischief , to set existence on the cast , to be unwise in policy , to be founded on schemes and projects , wherein failure would be destructive , and even success ruinous ; whereby nothing was to be gained but the expence of blood and treasure , and perhaps a permanent hatred inspired into the inhabitants . These were his sentiments , and were not less so last year , when the accounts had been received of the brilliant successes , than at present on receipt of the account of a disaster , which had opened the eyes of many , and would , he feared , open the eyes of many more . He admitted the energy of the great mind of the noble marquis , and that he exerted his powers most successfully for this country , in the destruction of that infatuated tyrant Tippoo Sultan . That was a great service rendered to- the East India company and to Ins country ; but it was easy to see that this advantage would be followed by the reverse of it , unless followed by moderation , in that he thought the noble marquis had failed ; it appeared to him that the very great success the noble marquis had met with , which was certainly , in . some respects , unexpected , had let him to depart from the system of his predecessor in the government . He appeared to have made the whole of India dependent on the British government . He had made them all receive British garrisons in their cities , and to grant subsidies for that British protection , and afterwards to requite it with 246 territorial revenue to us—in all this he saw the seeds of a revolt the instant an opportunity offered . We had once sided with Scindia against Holkar , and afterwards with Holkar against Scindia , by which we had procured the hatred of both , and we had now territories so extensive in India , that the population of Europe would hardly equal the drain they would require to keep them in our power , according to the military system now established . For several years past , as the company have advanced in revenues , they had equally done so in expence , and it was morally impossible to bear the drain of men that would be necessary to keep so many millions of the human race in subjection to us . No man better knew than he did , the benefits , almost beyond calculation , which this country might derive from our possessions in India , if affairs were managed with justice and moderation . His majesty 's government , he said , had shewn their anxiety on that head , by their recent appointment of the marquis Cornwallis as governor-general of India . This nobleman was as amiable in his character , as he was exalted in rank , and was known by the native powers to combine within himself all that was just and good . He had already convinced them that , while possessed of absolute power , he was actuated only by inviolable honour and the most conciliatory disposition towards them ; and he thought that a