vessels , in June , July , and Aug. 1804 , specifying their force , and when they were launched , when they were ordered to be fitted as fire vessels , and when they were returned to the service of gun-brigs . '' Notwithstanding the clamours that had been raised against the late admiralty for not having provided a sufficient number of gun-brigs , immediately after the present board came into office , nine of the best were ordered to be fitted as fire-ships for some expedition which was not carried into effect . His last two motions would be for `` A list of ships and vessels ordered to be built the king 's yards , and contracted for the merchant 's yards , from Jan. 1771 , to the present time ; the price per ton , after all abatements have been made , to be stated against each ship built by contract , '' Also `` Copies of the representations made to the navy board by the officers of Woolwich yard , after having surveyed the Hope merchant ship , now called , the Hyæna ; also a copy of the order to the officers of the yard to value her previous to her being purchased . '' He would take up no more of their lordships ' time than to mention how he would propose to proceed , if the papers he moved for should be granted . It was his intention , at some future day , to move that all the information which had been laid on the table respecting that important subject , 154 should be referred to a committee of their lordships . Whatever the decision of the house should be , respecting the motions which he had read , he should not regret that he had brought the subject under discussion . If he were wrong in the assertions he had made , the noble lord to whom they applied would have an opportunity of refuting them , and their lordships would be able to determine the points at issue between them . Although he thought the papers he should move for , necessary for the full understanding of the question , if they should be refused , he would still persevere in his original intention , and bring the whole of the subject , at a convenient opportunity , under discussion . He would not trouble their lordships with any farther observations , but make the first motion.—The motion having been read from the woolsack , rose , and assured the noble lord , that nothing could be more adverse to his wishes , than to oppose the production of any papers , which could possibly tend to impede the discussion of the important subject , which it was the professed object of all his motions to bring before their lordships . If the noble lord could prove his proposition , it would afford him , and the whole kingdom , he was persuaded , greater satisfaction than any event which had ever occurred in the history of the naval administration of this country . If he could prove that the king 's yards , in times of difficulty , were equal to the keeping in repair of the great naval establishment of this country , and to add ten sail of the line to it annually , he who made the discovery would deserve to be considered as the greatest benefactor to the country , that has ever existed . He would be among the foremost to express his gratitude to such a man . He thought it necessary to remind the house that the motion respecting the late and present naval administration , was not of his seeking . He acted upon the defensive , and the different papers which he had moved for , were intended to be employed rather in his own vindication , than for the purpose of criminating others . With regard to one of the principal charges against him , that of building in the merchant yards , he would assert , that , from the foundation of the navy , to