should be tried by a court of law , and Mr. justice Fox should be either found guilty , or acquitted , of the charges laid against him , by the verdict of 12 honest , and upright men . The regular proceedings should be had upon that verdict , a writ of error should be brought , and the verdict either affirmed or reversed ; if the former , then the matter would come properly before their lordships . His lordship then went into some observations of considerable length , upon proceedings by impeachment , which he considered would be the most preferable mode . He expressed a strong desire that the opinion of the learned judges should be taken upon the question . It was by no means beneath the dignity of that house , or at all derogatory to their lordships ' privileges , to take such an opinion . It was for such purposes the learned judges sat in that house , and he trusted their lordships would resort to them , who 108 were so very competent to give their lordships the necessary assistance . then read the case of Bridgman against lord Chief Justice Holt , for the satisfaction of lord Ellenborough , which case his lordship had chiefly relied upon . The cause originated in the refusal of the Chief Justice to receive a bill of exceptions which had been tendered to him.—The question for postponing the further consideration of the matter until this day se'nnight was then put , and carried.—Adjourned . A message from the lords announced their lordships ' assent to the Irish Customs bill , Excise bill , Stamp Duty bill , the Postage bill , the Malt and Spirits bill , the Sugar Drawback bill , the English Exchequer Bills bill , the English Sugar Drawback bill , the Promissory Notes bill , and the Expiring Laws bill , all without any amendment . Soon afterwards , the gentleman usher of the black rod appeared at the bar , and summoned the speaker and house to attend in the house of lords , to hear his majesty 's assent given , by commission , to certain bills . The Speaker and members accordingly attended ; and on his return he acquainted the house , that he had heard the royal assent given , by commission , to several public and private bills , among which were those above enumerated , as also the Irish Warehousing bills.—A person from the Stamp-office presented an account of stamp duties and balances in the hands of the collectors at this present period.—Mr . Bagwell , after obtaining leave to withdraw the Irish Election bill which he had lately brought in , moved for leave to present one more perfect . Agreed to.—Mr . Fitzgerald moved for leave to bring in a bill for regulating the Right of Common in Ireland , in the same manner as in England . Leave given—Mr . Fitzgerald , also moved , that there be laid before the house copies of the patents under which the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland held their offices , at the time of making their returns ; and the warrant or warrants issued for paying their salaries , also a list of the several persons appointed commissioners of the treasury , and the funds out of which the several payments have been made . Ordered . brought up the report of the committee of ways and means . The several resolutions with respect to the new taxes were read , and when the clerk came to that relating to the proposed tax upon auctions . rose , and after admitting that the other taxes proposed , were as unobjectionable as under the circumstances could be well expected , animadverted on the tax just referred to as likely to bear with peculiar hardship upon a very distressed part of the people , and therefore irreconcileable with the principle which the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had himself laid down on a former evening . The noble lord pressed upon the consideration of the house , that auctions were