( said the hon . gent . ) I do not wholly forget ; but I only remember them to deprecate the example , and renounce the animosity . The penal code which went before , and followed those times , I remember also , but only enough to know that the cause and reasons for that code have totally expired ; and as on one side the protestant should relinquish his animosity on account of the rebellion , so the catholics should relinquish their animosity on account of the laws . The question is not stated by member : it is not whether you will keep in a state of disqualification a few Irish catholics , but whether you will keep in a state of langour and neutrality a fifth of your empire . Before you impose such a sentence on yourself , you will require better arguments than those which the member has advanced . He has substantially told you that the Irish catholic church , which is more independent than the catholic church here , is the worst in Europe ; that the Irish catholics , our own kindred , conforming to our own terms , are the worst of papists ; that the 918 distinction , a distinction made by the law , propounded by ourselves , and essential to the state , between temporal and spiritual power , is a vain discrimination , that the Irish people , to be good catholics , must be bad subjects ; and finally he has emphatically said , `` that an Irish catholic never is , never was , or will be , a faithful subject to a British protestant king—they hate all protestants and all Englishmen . '' Thus has he pronounced against his country three curses : eternal war with one another , eternal war with England , and eternal peace with France ; so strongly does he inculcate this , that if a catholic printer were in the time of invasion to publish his speech , that printer might be indicted for treason as the publisher of a composition administering to the catholics a stimulative to rise , and advancing the authority of their religion for rebellion . His speech consists of four parts , 1st , invective uttered against the religion of the catholics ; 2dly , invective uttered against the present generation ; 3dly , invective against the past , and 4thly , invective against the future : here the limits of creation interposed , and stopped the member . It is to defend those different generations and their religion , I rise ; to rescue the catholics from his attack , and the protestants from his defence—The civil interference of the pope , his assumed power of deposition , together with the supposed doctrine that no faith was to be kept with heretics , were the great objections to the claims of the catholics ; to convict them the learned doctor has gone forth with a sinister zeal to collect his rueful materials ; and behold ! he returns laden with much comment , much doubtful text , much of executive decrees , and of such things as are become obsolete , because useless , and are little attended to , because very dull and very uninteresting , and wherein the learned gent . may for that reason take many little liberties in the way of misquotation , or the way of suppression . All these , the fruits of his unprofitable industry , he lays before you : very kindly and liberally he does it ; but of this huge and tremendous collection you must reject a principal part , as having nothing to say to the question , namely , al that matter which belongs to the court of Rome , as distinct from the church ; 2dly , of the remnant after that objection you must remove every thing that belongs to the church of Rome which is not doctrine , regarding which is not confined to doctrine , regarding faith and moral , exclusive of , and 919 unmixed with , any temporal matter whatever . After this