already subject to a tax of from 10 to 12 per cent . and that small traders , who generally disposed of their goods in that way , and distressed persons who were often obliged to have recourse to it , would be much affected by the proposed addition . He recommended an exemption in favour of such persons , on the same principle on which an exemption was granted under the property and other taxes . said , that he should not at present enter into a discussion of the merits of this proposition . He should only observe , that , if the noble lord 's argument were adopted , it would be impossible to bring forward a tax that should be received ; for no tax , however generally good , could be free from some particular objections . The objections , however , stated by the noble lord were not applicable to the general principle of this tax.—Upon the resolution being read relating to the tax on cider And perry , stated , that , according to information which he had received this day , cider was , in consequence of an alteration made by the excise in the course of the last year , raised from the nominal duty of 20s , to 24s . per hogshead . With the proposed addition , therefore , it would be subject to 36s . per hogshead . He hoped , however , that the new duty would not attach to the stock on hand . If it should be so proposed , he declared his intention to oppose it.—The resolution was agreed to , as were the others , and bills ordered accordingly . previous to bringing up this Petition , addressed the house , and said , that he 110 never rose with more satisfaction in the whole course of his life , than at this present moment , in being the instrument of presenting the Irish Catholic Petition to that house of parliament . Whatever might be the discussion which the subject of this petition was likely to give rise to , he was convinced it would afford a most satisfactory proof to every feeling mind , that the great body of Catholics in Ireland had to complain of numerous grievances , and that they meant to adopt the moss respectful manner of procuring redress , by this humble application to parliament . He did not think that the present would be a proper time to make any further observations upon the subject , and he should therefore only move for leave to bring up the petition . He then stated shortly the substance of the petition ; . and leave being given to bring it up , Mr. Fox appeared at the bar , and brought up the petition , which was then read by the clerk ( see p. 97 ) . After it was read , Mr. Fox moved that the petition do lie on the table . On this motion being put from the chair , rose . He said it was not his intention on that occasion to enter into the merits of the question , but he could not help expressing his regret , that the subject of the petition was likely to be brought to a discussion under the present circumstances of the country . Much as he lamented what did pass upon the subject not long since , and much as he lamented the importance attached at that time to the immediate concession of the privileges withheld from the Catholics , he was in hopes no further steps would have been taken to accomplish that object , till at least there was some reason to suppose no insurmountable difficulties stood in the way of its attainment ; and he could not help expressing his surprize , that the advocates for these concessions should be so anxious for a discussion , knowing as they do all the circumstances of the case , and the certainty of no success . He could not comprehend the policy or patriotism of creating a discussion , if not likely to go further