that it seemed as if they must , in consistency , be desirous to re-enact them when they had been modified . And would the noble lords really call the periods when those laws had been enacted and enforced , periods of tranquillity ? Had they contributed to banish division and discontent from the country ? Was this the state of Ireland which history would justify ? On the Contrary , did we not see in those laws the cause of perpetual dissentions , and the means by which every discontent was apt to become rebellion dangerous to the state ? The arguments against the motion were divided into two , those against the principle of repealing the restrictions on catholics ; and those against the measure , not on its own account , but on account of the time . The noble secretary of state observed that , on a person coming into the house , and hearing the motion and the arguments in favour of it , he must imagine that it went to the repeal of the whole bill of rights , and act of settlement ; and to erect the catholics into a complete ascendancy in the empire . The noble lord said too , that the repeal of the test act was a minor object compared with the claims of the catholic petition . But , was it a fair consequence to say , that because it was deemed prudent to place the catholics , in point of admission to power , on the same footing with protestant dissenters , it would be of consequence necessary to admit the protestant dissenters to some privileges they do not now enjoy ? To do so might or might not be wise anti expedient , but it by no means followed as a necessary consequence of granting the catholic claim . Surely it was a strange argument to say that the Catholics must be kept under severe grievances lest some other class with which the catholics have nothing in common , should ask something else . Those then who were for negativing the motion , must either do so as considering the code as to the catholics already what it ought to be , or that this was not the proper time . The noble baron , however , contended that all nations acted ha the principle of tests . He forgot , nevertheless , that in this very house the principle of test was not pushed to the extent for which he argued , for there were 702 persons admitted to sit in it who did not concur in the religious doctrines of establishment . Those persons might be liable to tests if they accepted offices , but they were not prevented from setting and voting in parliament , which the catholics now were . Besides , did the noble lord not perceive when he distinguished between the enjoyment of civil rights , and the enjoyment of political power , that the one was often nugatory without the other , and that political power was the only security for civil rights ? Here then his argument , that toleration is complete , is defective . Could the noble lord look at the situation of Ireland , and not know that for want of political power to raise them from degradation ; that for want of political power to render effectual the indulgences which the law has conceded , many of those indulgences were vain and useless , and until they obtained that share of political power , the rest would he merely nominal ? He ( lord Holland ) had not of late been in a situation to hear much of the grievances of Ireland , but he could not but conclude that the privation of political power , was of itself a great hardship . One reason why the people of this country made great sacrifices with chearfulness was , that they loved the constitution in which they shared ; but could be expected that the Irish catholics , deprived of that share , could love the constitution so well , or he so zealous to