Melville , and lord Melville was the confidential agent of the state . Therefore , in this sort of speculation in which Trotter engaged , lord Melville could guard against much risk . If two men play at cards together , and a third person stands behind one of them and throws hints to the other , he that receives the hints is tolerably sure of winning . Just so in this business ; lord Melville knew when the navy bills were likely to be funded , and Mr. Trotter could act upon the information he might receive . Will any one say , then , that from such acting upon such information , no loss would accrue to the public ? On the contrary , I maintain , that the public did suffer a loss of 1 per cent . upon the discount of such bills . But , then observed the hon . member , the learned gent . desired the house to go into an inquiry , in order to obtain farther evidence . He would appeal to the judgment of the house , whether any farther evidence could be necessary to enable it to come to a decided opinion upon the breach of law , which the noble lord himself confessed ? That opinion the house was called on to declare . The public had a right to demand from them . It was said , that the house ought not to think of acting judicially , of inflicting punishment without the fallest examination into the merits of the accusation , and affording the accused the fullest opportunity of vindicating himself . And so far as the confession of lord Melville went , he had been already tried . He would , however , fey those gentlemen who rested their objection so much upon the question of punishment , to shew , that it was at all in the power of that house to inflict any punishment on such delinquents as lord Melville and Trotter . But if the house should determine on prosecution in any way with a view to punishment ; whether by directing 312 the attorney-general to prosecute ; whether by moving an impeachment , or preparing a bill of pains and penalties , which perhaps would be the more proper mode of proceeding , he would maintain that the confession of the party accused , would be evidence to proceed upon , and that the house was now called on to act , as it must in every similar case , as a grand jury , to pronounce upon the guilt of the accused . It was strange to hear it asserted , that the accused was not guilty , because no loss had accrued from this scandalous transaction . To those to whom the loss of honour was nothing , perhaps , it might be said that no loss had arisen . But what was the loss of honour to that government which after such a palpable instance of delinquency , should preserve its connexions with the delinquent ? and what the loss of character and honour to that house , should it attempt by its vote , to search such a delinquent ? infinitely more than any sum of money could amount to—Whatever the learned gent . to whom he had already adverted might assert , he could not see that any farther inquiry could be necessary to enable the house to decide that a great public officer who allowed his servants to make illicit profits from the public money , in the teeth of an act of parliament , was guilty of a most serious offence . The guilt consisted in the violation of the law , and it never could be pretended that any such violation could be innocent . There were , indeed , many cases in which the most severe punishments attached to offences to which the charge of moral turpitude did not apply , but which were criminal in consequence of the precept of the law . Such were many of the offences against our revenue laws . Not two years ago an act was