will see clearly that Mr. Barré was not placed in circumstances at all parallel to those under which lord Melville has acted . There hitherto existed no positive law to force Mr. Barré to surrender up his balances , but he very wisely bowed to the decision of a committee of the house , and shewed his readiness even to anticipate the future resolution of the legislature . Mr. Barré thus gave the promptest proof of his obedience to the voice of parliament , and it was proved before the commissioners by the only person now surviving to attest the fact , that Mr. Barré , never afterwards , directly or indirectly , received the least emolument from the public money beyond the established salary ; and the same observation applies to every one of those in his employment [ A cry of hear ! hear ! ] . Lord Melville succeeded Mr. Barré for a few months , as treasurer of the navy ; and whether , during this short period , be received any advantage from the public money , whether it was placed in the Bank of England , locked up in the iron chest , or lodged in the hands of a private banker , I have not at this day the opportunity of deciding . 261 This is at least certain , that Lord Bayning , who succeeded Lord Melville , had no sort of difficulty in answering the commissioners . His answer was manly and honourable . On being asked , whether he enjoyed any separate emolument or advantage from the public money , he unequivocally answers in the negative . After the dissolution of the ministry of that day , we again have Lord Melville treasurer of the navy . On his resuming his old station he discovered that the salary did not exactly amount to the sum which parliament proposed . An act of council accordingly passed on this representation , and the net salary of 4000l . a year was established . This sum so established , was expressly declared to be in lieu of all emoluments , fees or advantages . In 1785 , in consequence of a recommendation of his majesty in his speech from the throne , an act was passed , containing those regulations on which the future conduct of the civil department of the navy was to be orgarnised . At that tune the right hon . gentleman .opposite held out to the house the most brilliant picture of the beneficial effects of these plans of improvement . While he spoke of the means by which economy was to be promoted , he did not forget the noble lord against whom my charge is now to be preferred , but selected him as the person most fit to carry them into the fullest activity . He must now have seen his mistake , or , at least , the public were long since convinced both of the fallacy of the hopes by which they were flattered , and the peculiar unfitness of the noble lord to undertake any thing like national reform in any one of its departments . From the conduct which the noble lord has since pursued , one would think that he had been employed in the work of reform only to bring it into contempt ; that he was put forth as an instrument of correcting abuses only to render them more inveterate . The bill of 1785 did pass , and the noble lord was the person selected to carry it for the approbation of the other branch of the legislature . Never was the spirit as well as the letter of any act less favourable to willful misrepresentation ; never could any thing afford a more , wretched handle for any thing like subterfuge and equivocation . I can not suffer myself to believe that the friends of the noble lord will attempt to screen his conduct , under pretence that the letter of the law has not been violated . Such an apology would only serve to heighten his criminality ; and , for the no- 262 ble lord