he wished to avoid . But there was another thing to which he wished to advert : his right hon . friend had been accused of braving the house of commons ; but surely , Mr. Wilson was not to be confounded with those on whom the house of commons had already passed a vote of censure . If these resolutions did not touch upon Mr. Wilson , how could his right . hon . friend be said to brave the house of commons ? From the gestures on the other side , it appeared that he might be mistaken . here interrupted the hon . and learned gent . and said that he could not be explaining every moment ; but that , in the present instance , he had not said that the right hon . gentleman had braved the house of commons . He had only said that he had braved the opinion of the house of commons , and he would now go farther , and say , that he had braved the legislature . in continuation , expressed his surprize how that conduct could be called braving the legislature which had been expressly sanctioned by an act of the legislature . Who had braved the legislature ? Not his right hon . friend , for he had only refused to remove from his office a person who had taken advantage of a clause in an act which the legislature had passed . Was it he who availed himself of the provision in the act that had braved the legislature ? could understand any thing but that . submitted it to the house whether the commission would not have attempted , in vain , to accomplish the ends for which they were instituted , while the person who was at the head of the office into the abuses of which they were enquiring , refused to them the means of information they called for . He denied that he had employed any unnecessary warmth . This was the first time that he had in the house given his opinion of the Tenth Report , and what he had said was from conviction , and not from any motives of personal hostility to the right hon . treasurer of the navy . Best thought the conduct of the treasurer of the navy , in not discharging Wilson , highly reprehensible . It had been argued that Wilson merely acted according to the instructions of Trotter , as if this were any excuse for his conduct . If he had acted properly , he ought to have disclosed the nefarious proceedings which were going forward , and by such a disclosure much of the evil which was now brought to light would never have been accomplished . It was also contended that Wilson , in availing himself of the clause in the act , not to answer questions to criminate himself , did only what was naturally to be expected . This , however , had nothing to do with the question , since nobody doubted his right to avail himself of the clause , if he thought his conduct required it . What was complained of , however , and with justice , was , that the treasurer of the navy retained in his office a person who had refused to answer some questions which an innocent man could have answered with the greatest safety . If a person had a servant , or a steward , and wished to ask some questions respecting the state of his , affairs , and could obtain no satisfactory answer , what would be his conduct ? He might think it very right for the servant not to answer questions to criminate himself , but he would also think it highly necessary to dismiss one from his employment who had such extraordinary secrets . The learned serjeant also condemned severely the conduct of the Treasurer of the navy for the difficulties which he had thrown in the way of the enquiries of the commissioners . It was as far back as the tenth of . last July that the commissioners