sir Francis Burdett , which was read by the clerk . It contained a statement of the progress of the poll at the late Middlesek election , and concluded with intimating , the hon. , baronet 's intention not to defend his seat . [ A copy of the declaration will be found in p. 211 of this volume , where it was inadvertently inserted . ] That clause of the act of parliament was then read , in pursuance to the provisions of which the declaration was formed . After a few words from the secretary at war and Mr. Thornton , stating their disapprobation of a great deal of irrelevant matter in the declaration , the 7th of June was the day fixed for acting upon it . —Mr . Whitbread rose , and observed , that whatever motives might , in the course of the business he had undertaken , have been imputed to him by the opposers of the measure , he presumed there were none who would suppose he had not , during the whole course of the proceeding , been impressed with feelings of the greatest anxiety . He confessed that the feelings of anxiety he had felt , in different stages of the discussions that had taken place , were not to be compared with those which he now experienced . He had now come to a point , and standing on which he trembled , not from any doubt of the propriety of the measure he should propose , but from his apprehensions as to the course the house of commons would adopt . There were two paths open before them . The one , as it appeared to him , led by the ways of justice to the immortal honour and renown of the house of commons ; the other , if they were led by mistaken clemency to pursue it , led to the disrepute of the house of commons , and eventually to the detriment of the public interest . If it had been immediately proposed , in consequence of the . resolutions which he had the honour to submit on the 8th of April , that an address should have been presented to his . majesty , praying that lord Melville might be dismissed from all 601 the places held by him under the crown , and from the royal presence and councils , for ever— interrupted the hon . gent . for the purpose of speaking to order . He really had understood that the hon . gent . had given notice of his intention to move to take into consideration his majesty 's answer , and he conceived that he would have begun his observations with reference to that object . He had a communication to make to the house , which he thought would anticipate what the hon . gent . had to say ; he therefore wished to put it to his candour , whether he would afford him an opportunity . said , he meant to have concluded by , moving , that his majesty 's answer should be taken into consideration . Whatever communication the right hon . gent . had to make , he thought it would come with more propriety after the motion . He apprehended that if he had made a motion on the morning after the night the resolutions were proposed and acquiesced in , that lord Melville should have been dismissed from his offices and his majesty 's councils and presence , that there would not have been one dissentient voice . He apprehended , that if lord Melville had not been a member of the house of peers , but merely of Me house of commons , and he had moved for the dismissal of him as a member of the house of commons , that there would not have been a dissentient voice . In the course of this business he had shaped his conduct so as to obtain the suffrages and support of every independent member of parliament ; and , in so doing ; he conceived he had strictly conformed to his duty