papers do lie upon the table ; and be printed for the members of the house.— Ordered , that the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of so much of an act , made 43 Geo . III . as relates to the salaries of the judges of the vice-admiralty courts in the island of Malta , and in the Bermuda and Bahama islands ; and the enabling his majesty to grant contingent annuities to such judges on their resignation , be now read : and the same being read ; the house resolved itself into the said committee ; and , after some time spent therein , the Speaker resumed the chair ; and Mr. William Dickinson reported from the committee , that they had come to several resolutions , which they had directed him to report , when the house will please to receive the same . Ordered , that the report be received upon Tuesday next.— The house was moved , that an act , made 43 Geo . III . for granting to his majesty a contribution on the profits arising from property , professions , trades , and offices , might be read : and the same being read ; Ordered , that leave be given to bring in a bill to repeal certain parts thereof , and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the duties granted by the said act . The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received a declaration , in writing , subscribed by sir Francis Burdett , baronet , who is returned a knight of the Shire to serve in this present parliament for the county of Middlesex , that he , the said sir Francis Burdett , did not intend to defend his election for the said county . And the said declaration being delivered in at the table , was read ; and is as followeth , viz . `` Whereas , on Wednesday the 13th day of March last , a petition , subscribed with the names of George Boulton Mainwaring , esq . therein stated to have been , at the last election for the county of Middlesex , a candidate to represent the said county in this present parliament , sir William Gibbons , baronet , sir William Curtis , baronet , Henry Thornton , esq . William Mellish , esq . and Samuel Pepys Cockerell , esq . was presented to this house , complaining of my election and return to serve in this present parliament as a knight of the Shire for the county of Middlesex ; which petition this house has ordered to be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 7th day of May instant : `` And whereas , on Wednesday the 10th day of April last , this house ordered that the said petitioners should upon the 20th day of April last , by themselves or their agents , deliver to me , or my agents , lists of the persons intended by the said petitioners to be objected to who voted for me , giving in the said lists the several heads of objection , and distinguishing the same against the names of the voters excepted , to , and that I should , by myself or my agents , at the same time deliver like lists on my part to the said petitioners or their agents : — `` And whereas , it appears , upon the face of the sheriff 's poll , taken at the said election that at the said election , 12833 persons voted for me , and 2832 for the said George Boulton Mainwaring , amounting in the whole to 5665 persons actually polled ; and that 103 persons tendered their votes for me , and 99 for the said George Boulton Mainwaring , making 202 tendered votes ; in the whole 5867 votes polled and tendered : — And whereas , between the said 13th day of March last , when the said petition was presented to this house , and