earl of Buckinghamshire was of opinion , though not exactly upon the same grounds , that the arguments against their sitting in the imperial parliament were equally forcible . In their ( the catholics ) situation , however , he could perceive a material difference . From being a majority in a separate , as they would become a minority in the united kingdom , their pride would naturally be less affected at the continuance of the disability . They might a more unbiassed consideration of their interests , when in their opinion local prejudices and partialities are less likely to prevail . The irritation that had been produced from a variety of circumstances , had a direct tendency to lead to such a conclusion , and his lordship saw no prospect of permanent tranquillity in Ireland , except by means of legislative union with Great Britain . With every disposition upon these grounds to give his support to that measure , his lordship expressly declared , that it would have met with his most strenuous opposition , if he could have anticipated the probability of an acquiescence in the prayer of the petition upon the table . It went , in the view he took of it , to the total annihilation of the protestant interest in Ireland . The system of representation , as settled at the union , had been so formed by the abolition of the boroughs , which had been catholics , and by throwing the whole weight of the representation into the counties , that the share the protestants would be able to retain , after the catholics sat in parliament , would be sufficient to leave them any influence in the country ; and although the noble baron had treated such an idea with no small baron had treated such an idea with no small degree of contempt , saying , that nothing but bigotry could induce any man to entertain it , the noble earl was ready to acknowledge himself a bigot upon that subject ; having the most perfect conviction , that if such a step was unfortunately taken as to admit the catholics into the house of commons , in the course of a very few years there would scarcely be a representative from Connaught , Leinster , and Munster , that was not of that persuasion . In those provinces the number of catholics to protestants are computed as six to one , and the freeholders in nearly the same proportion . The protestant landlords would depopulate their estates if they attempted to dispossess their catholic tenants ; a measure at all events difficult to accomplish , as , from the practice in Ireland of letting the 748 lands for lives , a great proportion of the peasantry have freehold tenures . His lordship then asked , if any person who was conversant in the character and disposition of the Irish Catholic , would venture to state , that in an electioneering contest between a protestant and a catholic , the influence of the protestant landlord would stand a competition with that of the popish Priest . The arguments deduced from the interests of the popish religion , the possible , or rather certain relief from the payment of tithes , with the variety of inducements which the ingenuity of the priest would suggest , could leave no doubt of his ultimate success . The mischief that must arise during the few years that such a contest would continue , the manner in which it would be conducted , and the animosities that it would create , his lordship said , might be better understood by a recital from the history of Ireland , than by any representation that he could make . He then quoted a passage from Leland , who , in describing the struggle for power which took place in Ireland in the time of James the First , says : `` Agents were dispatched from the pale into every province to support the election of their friends , and to entreat the assistance of every man of quality or interest in this time of danger