numbers did not understand , was a great impediment to the conversion of catholics . They understood the Latin liturgy much better—having it from early education by note . The state of the church in Ireland was , besides , very bad . There were 2,400 parishes in Ireland , the benefices of which were reduced to 1,100 ; 500 of them only had fixed residences , the remaining 600 had no fixed residences : out of 2,400 parishes there were not many more than 1,000 churches . In many parts of Ireland there were excellent livings , very much sought after , which had neither church nor glebe-house . But if we were to set about ameliorating the condition of Ireland , the only way to do so effectually was to take proper means to propagate the doctrines of the protestant church , and if this were done , he had very little doubt that Ireland would soon wear a different appearance ; provided another thing was also done—that of providing for the safety of such inhabitants as are protestants ; for in a very large portion of Ireland there could hardly be said to exist such a person as a day labourer who was a protestant ; no one person of that persuasion could expect to be otherwise than miserably treated by all his neighbours who were catholics . It was true he had the sanction of the law for his profession , but in Ireland the laws were not enforced as they , ought to be ; there were many and deplorable defects in Ireland in that particular ; and they were chiefly owing to the power and influence : of the catholic hierarchy . It was the interest of that hierarchy ( and they pursued that interest ) to create . a spirit of animosity in the people of Ireland against the protestants ; the consequence was that there 718 existed among the mass of the people of Ireland , who were such catholics as he had stated , a general hatred against the English name ; and an Englishman and an heretic , were with them synonimous terms ; so that it was impossible , consistently with the safety of the protestants of Ireland , to grant the prayer of this petition . He would venture to say , that if the prayer of this petition were granted , the result would be , that except in part of the North of Ireland , and perhaps the capital of that country , no protestant would dare to live in it . This he had from information which could not be doubted ; for a reverend prelate had told him that he could not keep one protestant servant , and much of this came under his own view . He knew that none of the protestant inhabitants of Dublin , who were parents , could get their children into the service of any considerable family , so that , they were obliged to apprentice them out to handicrafts . Such was was the disposition of the catholics , for whom this extraordinary indulgence was now asked , that none of the protestant children could find employment in the service of any considerable family in Dublin , and this was the case generally all over Ireland . Nor was this all , for no day-labourer could find employment , unless he was a catholic . He considered this proposed measure of what was called relief to the catholics , as a measure so far from being likely to conciliate the people of Ireland , that it would have the effect , if agreed to , of driving out of Ireland all the protestants ; for until the present hierarchy of Ireland should be in possession of all the ecclesiastical revenues of Ireland , it was not to be supposed that they would be contented , and having gone so far in asking , if they were successful , it was not to be supposed that they would not go further . In earlier days the catholic religion of Ireland might have been put on the same footing