as against the law , and the 929 law is the answer to it . The reasons they give for objecting to the law are , first , that the catholics do not acknowledge the king to be the head of their church . To require a person of the catholic faith to acknowledge a person of another religion , who makes no very encouraging declarations towards them , to be the head of the catholic church , is going very far ; but to make the withholding such acknowledgment the test of disaffection is much farther ; farther than reason , and farther than the law , which does not require such test , but is satisfied with a negative oath : and therefore , the presbyterian , who makes no such acknowledgement , may sit in parliament . So that here the objector is answered again by the law , and the reason he gives in opposition to the law shows , that the legislature is wiser than he is ; the reason alleged is , that he who allows his majesty to be the head of his church , has more allegiance , because he acknowledges the king in more capacities . According to this , the Turk has more allegiance than either , for he acknowledges the grand seignior in all capacities ; and the Englishman has allegiance than any other subject in Europe , because , whereas other European subjects acknowledge their king in a legislative , as well as an executive capacity , the English acknowledge their king in the latter capacity only . But such men know not how to estimate allegiance , which is not measured by the powers which you allow , but by the privileges which you keep ; thus your allegiance is of an higher order , because it is rendered for the proud circumstances belonging to an Englishman ; to the peer who has his rank , the commoner who has his rank , the commoner who has his privileges , and the peasant who has magna charta ; the catholic too , he has an interest in his allegiance ; increase that interest , that is , increase this privilege , you increase the force of the obligation , and with it your own security . But here , again , the objector interposes , and alleges that the catholic does not only acknowledge the king to be the head of their church , but acknowledges a foreign power . Whom ? I can not find him ; there was , indeed , a power which you set up in the last war , and guarded with your troops . Is that the memory at which gentlemen tremble ? a sort of president or chair , in whose name the business of the catholic church is conducted ; for whom no catholic would fight , and against whom the Irish catholic would fight , if he came into their country would fight , if he came into their country at the head of an invading army—they have said 930 so . You will recollect how little you yourselves feared that name , when you encompassed and preserved it at the very time of the Irish rebellion ; and now do gentlemen set it up , and bring it back again into the world as a principle to influence the action of the Irish ? But then I have received an answer to this ; and that Buonaparté has gotten possession of the power and person of the pope . What power ? He had no power before his captivity , and therefore he became a captive ; he has not found his power in his captivity . Or will you say that he could now disband an Austrian army , or an Irish army ; or that , if he were to issue out his excommunications , your seamen or soldiers would desert ? Such the power of the pope—such your fear of it , and such is the force of their argument : what is the policy of it ? Buonaparté has gotten the pope ;