and commented on lord Melville 's evidence , and adverted to the case of Jelicoe , who had been suffered to remain a public debtor for a whole year , after he was known to be in arrears upwards of twenty-four thousand pounds . During the next year eleven thousand pounds more arrears had accrued . He had a strong suspicion that Jelicoe was in the same partnership with Mark Sprott , Mr. Alexander Trotter , and his lordship . It would not have been fair to have turned too short on an old companion . It would have perhaps too been dangerous , since unpleasant discoveries might have met the public eye . It looked very much as if , mutually conscious of criminality , they had agreed to be silent and keep their own secrets.—Mr . Whitbread next commented on the last letter of lord Melville , which rather aggravated than palliated his guilt . His lordship even admitted the violation of the act of parliament . He allowed 274 that Mr. Trotter employed the public money for private emolument , but he denied his generally participating in the profit of such application . This denial was nothing . It was not that fair open denial which was the only test of innocence . The hon . gent . then apologised for having . exhausted the patience of the house in going through the statements which he had deemed it necessary to submit , to make the subject so intelligible as he could wish . If in the course of his investigation he had departed from that moderation which he had professed at his outset , and which it had unquestionably been his object to preserve , he should feel extremely sorry . He was happy , however , in supposing , unpleasant as his task had been , that he must have a majority of the members of that house to support him in the resolutions which he had that night to propose . A wound had been inflicted on the very existence of the country , which it was the duty of every member of the house to see checked and punished . When he turned his eves to the country gentlemen , those guardians of the public purse , he could not doubt of receiving their cordial support , in opposition to a principle of peculation which had been successfully practised on the public of Great Britain for many years , and that , too , by persons entrusted with the official conduct of its resources . If he looked to the officers of the army or navy , who composed part of the house , he knew that there was not one of them who would vote in support of a system of corruption , such as had been practised by the persons against whom his inquiry was directed . He was convinced that their minds were not tainted with such sordid and corrupt notions as to induce them to support public peculators . If he turned to the commercial men , he was satisfied that they were not filled with horror and disgust alone , but even with trembling , at the conduct which he had now endeavoured to point out , by which it was possible that ruin might have been hurled on them . Even as it was , had not the speculations of Mr. Trotter injured many of them ? And might they not have injured not only the mercantile interests of the country , but also have been productive of great loss to the public in general ? Would it have been a vindication of Aslett , supposing his speculations had been more fortunate than they ultimately turned out , to have come forward and said , `` there is your money 275 back again—you are not injured—you have no right to complain—I only took an accommodation from you , by which you have lost nothing , and you have no right to pass any punishment on me for so trivial and innocent an offence ? '' Such , surely , would , to gentlemen acquainted with mercantile affairs