`` every day 's experience tends to strengthen the impression , that , from the first , your lordship 's amicable and liberal views in relation to this state , have not only been discordant with the natural disposition of the Peshwa , but totally adverse to that selfish and wicked policy , which , in a certain degree , he seems to have realized.—In the midst of personal peril and the lowest debasement , he viewed the admission of permanent support from your Lordship with the deepest aversion.—The dark complexion of the Peshwa 's disposition and character , the disgustful history of his domestic and public conduct , his atrocious machinations , & c.—His faithless and sordid policy , his hatred and jealousy of the British name.—The present Pesbwa has , ever since the year 1793 , acted more like an enemy , than a friend of the company 's government . `` — '' Yet , after all , he appears to be a young man , of whom a chief of his own family says that he had retired from Poona , owing to the thoughtlessness of youth . '' —Thus it is that a native prince is loaded with abuse by the government of India that he is called on to give up a great proportion of his dominions , and all this for the purpose of securing tranquil possession of his throne . It was not a little singular too , that the Peshwa is always represented as a Sovereign Prince , that he was the head of the Mahrattas , and that the other chiefs were only his servants . This representation was directly contrary to fact . The Peshwa was nothing more than the Prime Minister among the Mahratta Confederacy . He was only primus inter pares , and had no right to conclude that treaty against which it was quite clear he entertained a. most powerful , and , in his situation , natural aversion.—The hon . member directed the attention of the house to the manner in which Scindia was spoken of by the officers in the Indian Government . It is in terms such as these that a high spirited Prince was vilified and traduced , though it did not appear that he had ever entertained any Views hostile to our interests . `` The perfidy and violence of that unprincipled chieftain . `` — `` The corrupt and profligate councils of that weak , 231 arrogant , and faithless chief.— His violence , rapacity , and lawless ambition , have been the main causes of the present war with the confedera Mahratta Chiefs.—An inexperienced youth , who as yet could form no correct judgment of his own true interests . `` — '' Indeed , Scindia appears to be an inexperienced youth , and is , I understand , not at all conversant in business . '' He left the house to make their own comments on such apparent inconsistency . But he desired to call the attention of gentlemen to the species of treaty offered for the acceptance of Scindia , thus so violently denounced as the great foe to the tranquillity of India . The proposal was transmitted to Scindia in 1802 , from the seat of government at Bengal : `` 1st . To subsidize a considerable British force to be stationed within his dominions in perpetuity : to cede in perpetual sovereignty to the company an extent of territory , the wet produce of which shall be adequate to the charges of that force ; to admit the arbitration of the British government in all disputes and differences between Scindia and his highness the Nizam , and eventually between Scindia and the other powers of Hindostan . '' `` To obtain for the company the cession of the part of the Duab which is in Scindia 's possession , and also that the fortresses of Agra and Delhi should be ceded to the company . `` — '' Whatever proposals you may offer to Scindia , under the foregoing instructions , should be stated to him in the light ofa concession on the part of