validity to them , wherever there was a question of temporal penalties and forfeitures ; and so it was understood even in that age . It did not concern them to maintain in his possessions a great feudatory lord , who resisted their opinions by force of arms ; but they took care that the rights of the superior , that is , their own rights , should be saved entire . Certainly the popes did on various occasions assume a power of excommunicating and deposing princes ; but it was always regarded by many of the most rigid catholics as an evident usurpation of temporal authority ; and it has no foundation in the fourth council of Lateran . The emperors and independent princes who assisted at that council were too wise to establish such a dominion against and over themselves , though some of them individually might have recourse to the pope for their own purposes , as one of them our own king , John , is reported to have offered to turn Mahometan , if he could have procured the aid of an army of Moors from Spain . Against whom too was this canon pointed ? Against the Albigenses , whose tenets have been the subject of much controversy since the reformation . Their pastors and leaders ( it is proved to my conviction at least ) held tenets not very remote from our own . Yet with them undoubtedly were mingled many hot-headed and sour-tempered fanatics of furious and impracticable zeal , and a number of Manichees , who having been formerly driven from the East by the Greek emperors , had taken refuge in that country , which had long been , in a great measure , independent of the Roman See . All were confounded together , and the latter in all probability not unwillingly , by their common adversaries : just as in our own country , the sober-minded and reasoning disciples of Wickliff , though innocent , were involved in the merited censure of John Ball , who on Blackheath , by his seditious and atrocious preaching , incited the insurgents of Kent to the murder of every man of rank and eminence in church or state : just as in later times the anabaptists of Germany might have cast a stain on the whole protestant cause , had not Luther himself been active in rousing the neighbouring princes and cities to draw the sword against them not as bad Christians , but as 989 rebels , unsafe neighbours , enemies of all civil society , and disturbers of the public peace . Council after council for more than half a century had thundered against the Albigenses , always attributing to them the errors of the Manichees . Excommunications , fines , and confiscations had been denounced against them . But they were protected by a powerful confederacy of the barons , earls , and princes of the South of France and the neighbouring kingdom of Arragon . They maintained public conferences and disputations with the prelates of the Roman church ; as usual , each party retired with increased animosity and embittered disgust . Civil wars ensued . A crusade was preached against them . The country was desolated with mutual slaughter . Upon one side the king of Arragon was killed ; upon the other the count of Montford , general of the crusaders , fell in battle . Raymond , count of Thoulouse , the great patron and defender of the Albigenses had been forced to submit , had broken again with the pope , and in spite of his gallant struggles been stripped of his dominions . Massacres produced a desire of revenge , and retaliation gave birth to cruelties which no provocation could justify or palliate . The worst passions of human nature were let loose on both sides . In this state of long continued irritation it was that the violent measure , which it seems , is never to be forgotten or forgiven , was sanctioned by the fourth council of Lateran . Yet even then , at that very council , Raymond