. The same causes will probably produce the same effects : if catholics get admission to seats in parliament , it is possible that , in some time hereafter , they may wish to obtain some great catholic object . What is to prevent their leaders from pressing upon the lower orders the necessity of electing catholics only , and , if they succeed to a considerable degree , it is natural to suppose that , having a common object , they will act together in parliament ? I will suppose a case that certainly does not exist at present ; I will suppose that , at some distant day , a struggle of parties may take place , that the parties may be pretty nearly balanced ; what if then the catholic representation , acting in a mass , should offer their assistance to that party which should favour their views ? Ministers may wish to cling to their situations ; opposition per fas aut nefas to obtain them . I am apprehensive , as long as human nature remains unchanged , that the resistance to their wishes would not be very strong.—The noble baron ( lord Holland ) says , that for want of catholic sheriffs , catholics do not in many instances enjoy the benefits of the trial by jury . I never heard that juries failed in doing their duty , without distinction of party , except when they have been deterred by the terrors of assassination . That noble lord says they 728 suffer hardships from being excluded from the army . They are only excluded from the commissions of commanders in chief and generals on the staff . His lordship , however , now says that I am mistaken ; that when they come into this part of the united kingdom , they are liable to penalties for serving . I beg leave to differ from his lordship . By the law passed previous to the union , they are allowed to enter into the army , and by the union all acts not then repealed are confirmed and sanctioned . But the noble lord says , that four millions of people neither can , nor will , nor ought , to submit to such restrictions . I entreat the noble lord to pause before he gives the weight of his authority to such an opinion . What , that because they are numerous they ought to resist the law ? I am sure on reflection his lordship will not adhere to such an opinion.—I had nearly forgotten a principal point I had intended to press on your lordship 's attention . Both sides of the house , in considering this question , seem to me to have forgotten that the catholics are not the only body to be consulted on this occasion . Are the feelings of the Irish protestants wholly to be left out of consideration ? I believe they are almost entirely adverse to the concession . Respect , I entreat you , the feelings of that body , ever true to their religion , faithful to their king , and enthusiastically attached to British connexion . Descended from yourselves , in fighting valiantly their own battles , they have served your interests , and have prevented by their exertions that fair and beautiful island from being torn from the British empire . In seeking new friends , whom possibly you may fail to conciliate , neglect not your old ones , but remain firm to those who have in the worst of times remained firm to you.—I beg pardon for having so long detained your lordships , and for having , from excessive fatigue , laid my thoughts before you in a manner less connected than I wished to have done . I shall oppose the motion for going into a committee on the petition . considered the question of immense magnitude and importance . He had a great deal to submit to their lordships upon it , but thought the hour too late for that purpose , and therefore suggested the propriety of an adjournment . was in the