. So should I speak to the catholics . To the protestant I would say—You have gotten the land and powers of the country , and it now remains to make those acquisitions eternal . Do not you see , according to the present state and temper of England and France , that your country must ultimately be the seat of war ; do not you see that your children must stand in the front of the battle , with uncertainty and treachery in the rear of it ? If then , by ten or twelve seats in parliament , given to catholics , you could prevent such a day , would not the compromise be every thing ? What is your wretch- 939 ed monopoly , the shadow of your present , the memory of your past power , compared to the safety of your families , the security of your estates , and the solid peace and repose of your island ? Besides , you have an account to settle with the empire . Might not the empire accost you thus ? `` For one hundred years you have been in possession of the country , and very loyally have you taken to yourselves the power and profit thereof . I am now to receive at your hands the fruits of all this , and the unanimous support of the people ; where is it , now when I am beset with enemies , and in my day of trial ? '' . Let the protestant ascendancy answer that question , for I can not . Above twenty millions have been wasted on your shocking contest , and a great proportion of troops of the line locked up in your island , that you may enjoy the ascendancy of the country and the empire , not receive the strength of it . Such a system can not last ; your destinies must be changed and exalted . The catholic no longer your inferior , nor you inferior to every one , save only the catholic ; both must be free , and both must fight—the enemy , and not one another . Thus the sects of religion , renouncing , the one all foreign connection , and the other all domestic proscription , shall form a strong country ; and thus the two islands , renouncing all national prejudices , shall form a strong empire , a phalanx in the west , to check , perhaps ultimately to confound , the ambition of the enemy . I know the ground on which I stand , and the truths which I utter ; and I appeal to the objections you urge against me , which I constitute my judges , to the spirit of your own religion , and to the genius of your own revolution ; and I consent to have the principle which I maintain tried by any test ; and equally sound , I contend , it will be found , whether you apply it to constitution where it is freedom , or to empire where it is strength , or to religion where it is light.—Turn to the opposite principle , proscription and discord . It has made in Ireland not only war but even peace calamitous : witness the one that followed the victories of King William , to the catholics a sad servitude , to the protestants a drunken triumph , and to both a peace without trade and without constitution . You have seen , in 1798 , rebellion break out again , the enemy masking her expeditions in consequence of the state of Ireland , twenty millions lost , one farthing of which did not tell , in empire and blood , barbarously , boyishly , and most ingloriously expended ! These things are in 940 your recollection . One of the causes of these things , whether efficient or instrumental , as aggravating the proscriptive system , I mean you may now remove . It is a great work . Or has ambition not enlarged your mind , or only enlarged the sphere of its action ? What the best