or a dupery in the concession.—Perhaps it would not be difficult to shew that such a grant would be an infringement of a fundamental article of the union with Scotland , and also of the fifth article of the Irish union . But I wish to negative the petition on a broader ground . My noble friend , whose eloquence and argumentative powers have introduced the application with every possible advantage to it , has admitted , that it could not be stated as a claim of right . Certainly it could not . Every legislature has the inherent power of qualifying and restricting the possession and exercise of civil privileges for the benefit of the whole community . It is that power which regulates the qualification of the electors and of the elected , the rights of succession , minorities , marriages , and all the limitations of property ; it pervades the whole system of our laws ; a denial of it would tend to individual representation , to an Agrarian distribution , to universal equality , and to general confusion.—Still less can the petition rest itself on the ground of toleration . The petitioners indeed allege , that they are `` entitled to a toleration not merely partial , but complete ; '' and yet they well know that they already possess what they describe , and that , ex vi termini , those who are tolerated can not share the power of those who tolerate . In the benevolent temper of our toleration we do not restrain the exercise of any religions persuasion ; but we feel and know that our reformed religion is most congenial to the spirit of our free constitution ; that the protection of the one is the protection of the other ; and , above all things that it would not be safe to admit 826 within the pale of our government and legislature , a sect which professes a religion essentially adverse our own . The tests prescribed by the wisdom of our ancestors for the exclusion of that sect , have nothing to do with toleration ; they were framed on the plain and evident presumption of law , that he who receives the sacrament of the church is of the church.—I have been glad to hear it avowed by the noble mover of the question , that the petition can not rest on any assurances given or compact made at the time of the union . In truth , it was impossible to make such a compact without the concurrence of parliament ; and if such a consequence of the union had existed in the mind of any individual employed to frame the articles , it should have been stated at the time , both in good faith to the Irish protestants , and in the honest discharge of duty to the respective parliaments of the two kingdoms . It will ever be a consideration of just pride to me , that I have borne no small share in adjusting all the details of that transaction ; and I do not hesitate to declare , that if the concessions now proposed were in the contemplation of those with whom I acted at that time , their views were industriously concealed from me , and from others of their associates . It is indeed true , that , soon after the union , there was , apparently , a sudden change in the opinions of some leading persons respecting the subject now in discussion . I do not impute any blame to that change , or doubt its sincerity , though I must deplore it . That change has given an irreparable shock to the confidence of public men in each other ; and to it , perhaps , are owing many of the distractions and difficulties under which the empire has since laboured.—It is admitted , that the petition is not grounded on any claim of right , of toleration , or any compact , expressed or implied , at the time of the union , but merely on a question of expediency . In arguing the question