that kingdom ; having been twice thanked by that body , and assured that the period of my administration would ever be remembered width gratitude by the catholics of Ireland , I trust , in giving my decided negative to the motion of the noble lord for a committee , it is unnecessary for me to relieve myself of any suspicions of being actuated by superstition or bigotry , or a want of principles of liberality or toleration . To toleration in the exercise of his religion and enjoyment of property , every subject , except under imminent circumstances , has a right ; beyond this the exercise of political power is a question not of right but of expediency ; a right which every state has exercised , which every state will exercise , in defiance of all the new theories , in defiance of the doctrines of the rights of man , and the bleeding example of the French republic.—Before I enter into the discussion of this question , I will preface two observations : first , notwithstanding the new opinion , that in this country the ecclesiastical establishment is inseparably 788 connected with the state ; with it the country has grown to greatness , and whatever has a tendency to weaken or destroy the establishment of the church , tends to the destruction of our monarchy , our liberty ; and our political existence : secondly , that all the examples that have been produced of persons of different religions being allowed to serve the state in other countries , in no degree apply to this kingdom , as those countries are subject to arbitrary government ; and I will venture to say , that no instance can be shewn of a free state , with a free parliament , in which persons professing a faith distinct from that establishment have obtained much weight and consequence . In discussing this question , it should be considered what is asked , haw what is asked is to be attained , and what is to be substituted in the place of that you take away.—What is asked is catholic emancipation , a term unfitting for this question , or for this assembly . Emancipate the catholics ! Do they require the praetor 's wand to be released from servitude to hold property , to be protected in their persons and property ? They are as free as any subjects in the world . Do you talk of emancipating copy-holders , custom-house officers , excise officers ? The term , as it . was first intended , applies to emancipate Ireland , that , is , to separate Ireland from the government of , connexion with England.—But what is asked ? to abolish all distinctions between protestant and papist , to place the papist upon an equality with the protestant ; whilst any distinction remains , however high or special , the grievance remains . This is as it is asked , as it has been argued . For this purpose you can not move a step without the repeal of the test and corporation acts . In the opinion of many , and to the extent which the arguments lead , you must also repeal the act of supremacy and uniformity , the bill of rights , the act of settlement , the act of union with Scotland , and alter the king 's coronation oath . There perhaps will arise a question between original compact and the supremacy of parliament . Unquestionably our laws are not like those of the Medes and Persians , that alter not ; unquestionably no parliament has greater power than the succeeding one ; but to this only I argue this question , that , considering the solemnity attendant upon these most unwise to raise doubts , and agitate the minds of men upon points which , even in the opinion of many , strike at the settlement of , and right to the crown itself , without 789 urgent and pressing necessity , without being convinced , first , that you will do no harm ; next , that you will