member , who last night led the opposition to the motion of my honourable friend , represented the catholics as guilty of a sort of treason , because they refused to take the 978 old test oaths ! But if so , we are accomplices of their treason ; for , in compliance with their scruples , we have remodelled those oaths and substituted other , which we consider as satisfactory pledges of their loyalty , expect where we chuse to retain the old oaths in two or three particular cases , not as tests of their allegiance , but as the means of their exclusion . Much to our honour , we gave them the opportunity of publicly disclaiming the principles , dangerous to liberty and civil society , which had been attributed to them so long ; and they availed themselves of it . They took , their clergy as well as laity took , the oath which we proposed . We bore fresh testimony to their good conduct by granting new favours , but accompanied by new and more complete tests ; which , the house will be satisfied , were not carelessly or ignorantly framed , nor worded with too partial an indulgence to the catholics when I mentioned , that the bill was introduced here by the present lord chancellor of Ireland . They conformed to this additional demand upon them . They did not shrink from these amended and enlarged tests . Whatever we held forth to them on terms which did not touch any point of their religious faith , they have ever cheerfully accepted ; and on questions merely spiritual , I am sure , this house will never subscribe to the principle of forcing men 's consciences . If then the catholics have satisfied us by every proof , which we have sought to obtain from them with a sincere desire of being satisfied , that they are attached , as we are to the happy constitution of our common country , is not that a powerful argument for giving them a more valuable interest in that constitution ? Will you not for that reason think them capable of being admitted sooner of later of the full participation of all the rights and privileges of British subjects ? No ; says my hon . and learned friend , the attorney-general ; never . Too much has been conceded to them already . If that be his opinion , why does he not act upon it ? Why does he not move for the repeal of all the measures for relieving the catholics from disabilities , and for the re-enactment of all the restrictive statutes ? In consistency he is bound to do so ; for the argument he used against the present claims of the catholics , will equally apply in support of a motion for renewing all the former disqualifications . But he is too discreet to make the experiment . He is well aware that the good sense of the house and the country will not go 979 with him . From the reign of Elizabeth down to the present moment , whatever rigorous measures have from time to time been adopted against the catholics , none of them have been considered as fixed , permanent , immutable , fundamental laws , but as temporary securities against some immediate danger of the crisis either real or supposed . Now a practicable breach is made in all of them . Not one is entire . Some part of each has been taken away ; and the last act of liberality , which the catholics on the recommendation of the lord-lieutenant obtained from the parliament of Ireland , acknowledged their general right to every thing ; whatever was not actually granted , it with-held only as an exception , from the same supposed motive , which has been the declared ground of every relaxation , that of political expediency alone.—My right hon . and learned friend , however , not trusting altogether to his high doctrines of the constitution , endeavours to excite a personal feeling for the situation , in