presume to express their earnest , but respectful hope , that this hon . house will in its wisdom and liberality , deem the se- 103 veral statutes , now in force ainst them , no longer necessary to be retined ; and that his majesty 's loyal and dutiful subjects , professing the Roman Catholic religion , may be effectually relieved from the operation of those statutes , and that so they may be restored to the full enjoyment of the benefits of the British nstitution , and to every inducement of achment to that constitution , equally in common with their fellow subjects throughout the British empire . And your Petitioners will ever pray , & c. Signed Shrewsbury , Waterford , and Wexford ; Fingal , Kenmare , Gormanstown , Southwell , Trimlestown , & c. & c. '' again rose , and moved , that it do lie on the table . He said , it was not his intention to make any other motion at present , on a subject of so much importance ; much deliberation was necessary previous to any notice being given of a motion for the consideration of the petition . When it should be thought fit to submit that proposition to the house , he assured their lordships that ample notice would be given . felt himself bound to say a few words before the petition was laid on the table . He declared that the nature of the petition , until this moment , had been perfectly unknown to him . He had , however , listened attentively to it while reading , and , from what caught his ear , it appeared to him that the petitioners claimed a full participation of all the rights and privileges of the other subjects of his majesty . That was a claim which merited the most serious consideration . If it were to be conceded , the consequence would be that their lordships would see a protestant king , in this country , maintaining the protestant religion here , while it was losing its ascendency in Ireland . In Ireland , their lordships would see the protestant religion established by law , while the magistrates and legislators of the country would be Roman Catholics . He regretted that this subject had been brought forward , but since it had come under the notice of their lordships , he trusted that the question would be fully investigated . Their lordships could not now let the subject pass over , but must feel it to be their duty to discuss it minutely , calmly , and dispassionately . He would give no opinion at present ; but he must confess that he saw nothing in the signs of the times that would induce him to break down the barriers , 104 and undermine the fortifications which had been raised for the protection of the church and state . He must use these words church and state , because they presented an idea to his mind , which he never could separate from that of the constitution of the country . Having said thus much , be again expressed his hope that the business would not be suffered to lie over , but that it would be brought forward as speedily as possible . would not use one word of argument in support of the petition . He should only observe , that so far as it was in his power to expedite the business , it would be forwarded , and he was anxious that no unnecessary delay should take place . He also assured their lordships , that when the subject was brought forward , it should , as far as depended on him , receive a deliberate , calm , and dispassionate discussion . With regard to the merits of the petition , he would say nothing now ; that was what he wished to avoid at present , even if any thing could have induced him to offer any observations on a motion for laying this petition on the table . after what had passed , could not permit the