obedience to his orders relating to spiritual concerns , such officer might feel the effects of such conduct in the day of battle ; that is , the Romish soldier might then turn upon , and assassinate him , or desert to the enemy—It is very proper to remark here , that Doctor Hussey was , within these very few years , sent over to Ireland by the British ministry , under the protection of the English secretary of state in Ireland ; and was made president of a most magnificent college , ( infinitely more grand , and of more expensive foundation , than any college in his majesty 's dominions ) then founded and endowed for the exclusive education of Romish priests in Ireland by the government , and by express directions of the British ministry ; that is , for the perpetuation of popery and disaffection in so great a limb of the British empire ! and that Doctor Troy , during the lieutenancy of the Marquis Cornwallis in Ireland , was in great credit at the Irish court . An English Romish priest of the name of Milner , who as I understand is one of the four apostolic vicars in England , in a very recent publication has taken pains to inform his sovereign or future sovereigns how far he or they may be bound by the coronation oath ; and states , `` that every human law and every promise or other engagement , however confirmed by oath , must necessarily turn upon the cardinal virtue of prudence ; '' which implies that it depends as to the obligation of fulfilling it in such and such circumstances on the question of expediency . I believe the protestant subjects of this empire have no great occasion to apprehend that his present majesty will consult this casuistical Romish divine on case of conscience.—After this exposure of the present Romish religious principles , so radically hostile to the temporal government and established constitution of the British expire in church and state , of such antiquity , of such indisputable authority , 879 and of such recent avowal , let the supporters of the present measure inform the house , at what period , and by what public authority did the Romish church or it votaries renounce or disavow these principles , or any and which of them.—It is notorious they never did ; their rejection of the oath of supremacy , simply an oath of allegiance avowing the independence of the state , their anxiety to have the law enjoining the taking of it repealed , amount to a full confession and avowal of the romanists , that they have not in any shape changed those principle.— It has been frequently and confidently asserted by romanists and their abettors , that the doctrines held by them respecting the supreme jurisdiction in spiritual matters , and its residence in a foreign tribunal , can never affect the temporal authority and jurisdiction in this , or in any other country.—What has been already advanced is sufficient to refute this assertion ; but it is proper to add , that the supreme jurisdiction in spiritual matters does draw into its vortex a very large share of temporal power , as inseparably annexed to it , and incorporated with it , even though we exclude a vast portion of temporal jurisdiction claimed by the romanists as adhering to the supreme jurisdiction in spirituals , which in fart does not belong to it , nor is incorporated with it . in proof of this , let the preambles of the several statutes heretofore enacted in this kingdom , for abolishing the pope 's usurped jurisdiction in be referred to ; they particularise the vast portion a temporal authority inseparably annexed to the exercise of supreme jurisdiction in spirituals . ( See the preambles of the acts of the 16th Richard II . ; 24th Henry VIII . chaps . 12 , 25 ; 25th Henry VIII . chaps . 20 , 21 ; 26th Henry VIII . chap . 1 ; 32d Henry VIII . chap . 38 ; Irish acts of