utterly hopeless . The Roman catholic clergy of Ireland he Viewed in a light very distinct from the laity . The latter he considered as individuals , dissenting in religious faith from the established church , and , except as connected with their clergy , merely as individuals so dissenting . But the clergy were a great and compact body , a species of corporation , with all the forms and gradations of a distinct and firm government ; connected by no tie with the government of the country , and utterly incapable of being so connected ; standing in open defiance of the law ; exercising an authority which the law expressly forbade , and representing those whom the law had placed in possession of the powers , the dignities , and the emoluments of the national church , as usurpers of those powers , those dignities , and those emoluments.—Noble lords affected to doubt the fact : he would venture to reassert it , and to appeal to the most reverend prelate on the bench above him ( the primate of Ireland ) , to whom , amongst themselves , and frequently elsewhere , the Roman catholic clergy would give no other appellation than that of Dr. Stewart . They represented themselves as the only lawful 1067 successors of the ancient clergy of Ireland and required their flocks to consider them as the lawful owners of the ecclesiastical revenues ; teaching them , even in their catechisms , that by the commandments of their church , which they boldly represent as equal the commandments of God , the people were bound to pay their tithes to their law pastors , which pastors they represented themselves to be . Accordingly , their parochial clergy were formally instituted rectors of vicars of the several parishes , under the authority of their respective diocesans , according to the titles of rector or vicar , as they stood before the reformation . They had preserved the deans and chapters , and the dioceses and the provinces of the several bishops and archbishops , as they existed before That event , with the difference only of some unions since made by the authority of the pope . Every archbishop and bishop , every inferior dignitary , and every parish priest of the established church , met therefore in his place a rival clergyman , ready and anxious to seize , his benefice , his powers , his dignities , his revenues , whenever the opportunity should offer . The powers of the Roman catholic clergy over their flocks were fully equal to their pretensions ; and they exercised those powers without that control of the law of the land to which they were subject before the reformation . Their authority was enforced by the most dreadful of all means—by the power of excommunication , a power very different from that possessed by the established church . Their sentence of excommunication had all the consequences which made it most dreadful in the darkest ages . The wretched victim if not relieved by the charity of protestants . No Roman catholic dared to have any communication with him . A recent instance had been stated to him , on authority which he could not doubt , in which the law of the land , and the character of the established church , had been grossly insulted . Two Roman catholic couples had been married by the , protestant clergyman of their parish , after the usual publication of banns , a duty which by law the clergyman was bound to perform . The Roman catholic parish-priest thought fit to denounce these unfortunate people to his bishop , before whose vicar-general they were summoned to appear to answer for their crime . The protestant clergyman , alarmed at this outrage , and consulting the peace of his parish , the danger of the individuals immediately concerned , and 1068 perhaps his own personal safety , rather than his duty to the laws of his country , advised the parties to make every submission , and endeavour to prevent any further , proceedings . They accordingly waited