's friends would still have a right to be heard before a committee.—The order of the day was then discharged . moved the second reading of the Pancras Poor bill , which , he observed , was for the purpose of remedying the defects in the act passed last session . If any objections were made to any parts of the bill , these , he observed , could be rectified when it was referred to a committee . His object was to place the parish of St. Pancras on the same footing as the pariah of St. 510 George , Hanover-square , that noblemen and gentlemen should be included among those who conducted the parish concerns . pronounced the bill a mere job , which was abandoned by the members of the county , by whom it was brought in , as it was against the general wish of the parishioners . They also objected to the bill on the grounds that the directors appointed their successors , and even the auditors of their own accounts ; and it was a mere job , that ought not to be countenanced by the house of commons . Very great malversation had occurred , which was to come the ensuing term before the King 's . Bench ; . and therefore the house , they had no doubt , would not entertain the present bill.—The house then divided for the second reading , Ayes 42—Noes 30 . The bill was their read a second time , and was ordered to be committed . pursuant to notice , rose for the purpose of moving for leave to bring in a bill for encouraging the residence of Stipendiary Curates on their cures . The bill was the same as one which had already received the sanction of the house , though from its having had , when it passed before , a clause in it for making provisions for such curates as should be deprived of their curacies by the effect of the rectors ' residence bill , it had been considered in the other house as a money bill , and on that ground rejected . His learned friend ( sir William Scott ) who had introduced that bill , had since brought forward another without the exceptionable clauses , but had been prevented , by , his professional duties , from attending to its progress . The same cause still prevented him from bringing forward the measure , and in consequence the duty had devolved on him . His object was not to alter the laws as they stand at present with respect to livings under 400l , per annum , the bishops having power to enforce a residence ; but when the living exceeded that sum , he thought there could be no objection to a clause for obliging the rector to provide a resident clergyman , with a salary of 200l . a year . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill to encourage the residence of stipendiary curates on their cures . expressed his hopes that Ireland would not be excluded from the benefit of the act proposed , as there was no other part of the empire where the 511 regular residence of the parochial clergy was more wanted . Those who were apt to complain of the increase of one religion , and the decrease of anther , should consider the effect produced in that part the United Kingdom , by the suspension of those parochial duties . said he understood that provisions to the effect alluded to would be made in the bill proposed to be brought in by an hon . and learned gent . ( Dr. Duigenan ) . hoped it was meant to make the duty of residence mandatory on the clergy . apprehended that the intended provision to curates was rather too limited . agreed with sir J. Newport , that if there was any soundness of principle in the bill , it applied with equal strength to Ireland as it did to England ; but he possessed too little local information respecting that country , to undertake