them either good or safe members of the community , give them a moderate independence , and place them above such neces- 1042 sity.—I shall now , sir , content myself with nothing , as I proposed , some mis-statements , and disproving them only at this late hour , by contradicting them without much detail.— The hon . mover has alleged that the ferocious manners of the protestants of Ireland towards the catholics has rendered the latter description barbarous ; if true it is that they are babarous , or unfit to enjoy civil liberty in its full extent : and yet both he and one of his friends ( Grattan ) deprecate any allusion to violences heretofore committed . So do I ; but if such assertions are made , truth must be told . Too many proofs exist up to the present hour of the aggressions and savage bigotry of the catholics ; the history of centuries past proves it ; modern times prove it ; the white-boy transactions in the south twenty years before the rebellion prove it ; Wexford fatally and lamentably proves it ; Dr. M ' Nevin proves it , who tells you of their antipathy to protestants and Englishmen , whom they consider to be the same ; and that the catholic body could at any time be brought forward to rebellion by the agency of their priests , whom the leaders of the united Irishmen knew they could set in motion at any moment when requisite , and therefore it was that these leaders first directed their efforts to associate the protestants of the north of Ireland by throwing out the lure of parliamentary reform . But I revolt from these allusions as much as opposition , whose unfounded assertions render them necessary— I deny utterly the colouring and statement of the seconder of this motion ( Grattan ) of the events and occurrences , and their causes , of the last twenty years . but more particularly as applicable to our unfortunate disturbances . I do shortly allege that the party occasioned by the proceedings of parliament in 1789 , during the regency , laid the groundwork of the united Irish union , of the commotions , the rebellion , and consequent legislative union between Great-Britain and Ireland.—The king 's recovery and discomforture of opposition produced those unconstitutional appeals of the hon . seconder and his friends to the physical force of the country . Too well for the peace of Ireland did he instruct them to reflect and rely upon that force ; he and his friends , with this doctrine in their mouths , bid for and misled the protestants of the north , ( a gallant race of men devoted to constitutional liberty ) by promising them parliamentary reform ; the 1043 same gentleman bid for the catholic , by promising them emancipation , Accordingly the united Irish association was formed in 1791–2 , and a catholic convention was held in Dublin , and a protestant convention at Dungannon , in furtherance of these objects emancipation and reform . I shall not comment on these events ; they were endeavoured to be curbed by lord Clare 's convention act , made subsequently with that view . In 1795 lord Fitzwilliam came lord-lieutenant to Ireland , and the mover of this petition asserts that his recal and the breach of promise at this time to the catholics produced the rebellion of 1798 . In making this assertion , he pronounces on his friend ( Grattan ) the most bitter , heart-rending judgement , that most bitter , heart-rending judgement , that could have fallen from the lips of a friend ; for he thereby charges him with being the author of that rebellion.—I do positively in proof of this assert and defy contradiction that lord Fitzwilliam was sent to Ireland with an instruction from the cabinet of England to keep back the catholic claims , and further assert , that no autorised promise was made to them . But what did the worthy recorder ( Grattan ) do ? Having been in London with lord Fitzwilliam , to