at the present time . He did not say that he should oppose the expediency of the measure of some future period. , and vote against it , but he should not vote for it at this time . An hon . gent . had said , that the present motion was a direct corollary of the resolutions of a former night . What occasion then was there for any delay , and why did not the present motion immediately follow the former resolutions ? Upon a conviction of the necessity of the vote he then gave , he might have felt it his duty then to have supported this . But , at the same time , he thought circumstances had , since then , been considerably changed , by the resignation of the noble lord , whom we were informed , had since retired from office . He had heard , with considerable pain , the sentiments delivered by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) ; and he felt the dangerous consequences that were likely to ensue upon the avowal and maintenance of such pernicious principles . He felt as strongly as that right hon . gent . the impropriety of acting from party motives , and he strongly censured such as did . But the right hon . gent . argued thus : `` because I vote for you , you must in return vote for me . '' This , he thought , such an accommodation as was calculated to defeat the ends of justice . He thought it was a proof of honourable confidence , when a minister employed persons that differed from him in sentiment ; and he could not but commend the noble lord , and every other person who acted in the same manner . The hon . member concluded , by entreating the hon . mover of the motion , not to do away the happy effect of the vote of the former evening , by attempting to go farther than some , he was persuaded , would think it their duty to accompany him . Governed by no popular feeling , he Would not say , whether he would or would not vote for the measure , but warmly urged the hon . gent . to withdraw his motion . hoped the hon . gent . would sift the matter to the bottom , and not allow the depredators on the public to go undetected and unpunished . If there were a grain of ipecacuanha or of emetic tartar in the world , he trusted it would be administered to the delinquents , to oblige them to disgorge their ill-gotten gains . The proceedings of Monday would be nugatory if 364 they were not followed up by some motion like the present ; at the same time he thought that the house should not be too precipitate in their steps ; and he was not sure that it was adviseable to press it forward so rapidly as was proposed by the hon . gentleman . —Sir , I merely rise to express some reasons which I should hope would , in some degree , operate with the hon . mover to withdraw the present motion . I should previously apologize to the house for intruding , while under such severe indisposition , as I fear will scarce enable me to make myself heard . Sir , the hon . gent . who brought forward the resolutions on Monday , and other gentlemen on the same side of the question , used as their strongest argument , that the public looked to the virtue and dignity of the house for immediate justice , and for such severe resolutions as then were moved . The resolution being then carried respecting lord Melville , I mean to say no more upon it , except that God knows , the public must think it sufficiently severe . If the present one proposed was carried , what would the public say to it ? They would , sir , instead of ascribing it to justice , to virtue , and a