replied , that they had made their report to 642 the three branches of the legislature , and that they could not answer his question . He had in every instance retrenched expences , but on a scale deserving the attention of an officer . As to the canvass , which did not exceed in value 12l . and the junk not 21l . though the account occupied 3 pages in the report , neither could be supposed worthy of notice . He had deemed it necessary to advert to these topics , and might have expressed himself with some warmth , but he was sure that would be overlooked , when it was considered how long he had been exposed to the calumnies so industriously propagated against him , and how severely his own and his family 's feelings must have been affected . In the whole of the expenditure he had been regulated by a desire to have his ships as highly and as well dressed as they could be . He had given orders in drawing for money that no bills should be drawn at a higher exchange than 2s . 6d . which was lower than the rate of exchange on bills drawn by admiral Blanket , who had also been in the Red Sea . In the rations also there was a saving . The diminution in the extravagant expence of transport tonnage had been very considerable . On his arrival in the Red Sea he had taken upon himself the management of the whole of the company 's transport tonnage , and in a short time made a reduction an the expence to the amount of 17,000l : per month , which he had followed up till the saving amounted to 27,000l . He did not advert to these circumstances as instances of any great merit on his part ; what he had done was only his bounden duty . He could not , however , but confess that he might have been a little extravagant with respect to his flying sails ; but he trusted an additional expence of a few pounds for such an object would not be looked upon as a ground of disapprobation of his conduct . He had the testimony of the marquis Wellesley as to his measures of reform and retrenchment , together with an assurance of every assistance to enable him to continue them . Thus far he had thought it necessary to state the outlines of his whole conduct , and , as he had stated at first , he had no objection to the appointment of a committee , provided his acquiescence should not be construed into an admission of the validity of any charge against him . The report of the committee , he trusted , would be as favourable to his character as he could wish . If he had erred , he had the satisfaction to know , that 643 he had not erred from principle . He did not mean to say , that ignorance was any justification of an officer 's conduct , but he was of opinion that that conduct should be considered on a great scale , and with a just attention to every part of it . He was sensible that he was addressing the most liberal and enlightened assembly in the world , and except the moment that should restore him to the service in which he gloried , the moment of referring his whole conduct to their decision was the happiest of his life . If he had gone too much at length into the particulars , he trusted to the indulgence of the house for having taken up so much of their time and attention . said , that as he had paid considerable attention to these papers , it became him to offer a few words . The impression which a careful perusal of these papers had made on his mind was , that the hon . officer had discharged his duty , not only with great fidelity , but with great ability . He lamented that he was not able to convey