burthen of proof lies upon those who have to maintain , what stands upon the statute-book itself as a declared exception to a general principle , and is moreover an exception , which , as I believe myself to have shewn , no way corresponds with , but actually extends beyond or falls short of , every principle attempted to be deduced from the letter or spirit of any fundamental law of our constitution . In the main branch of the argument too , they will have to prove the position , the absurdity of which was pointed out in the opening speech of the hon . mover , with his peculiar force , and felicity of rhetorical ridicule ; —that because , when the king was suspected of being a catholic and of having formed a design in connexion with catholics to overturn the constitution of the country , it may have been a wise precaution to remove all of that persuasion from situations which would have enabled them to assist him ; therefore , when the king is a protestant and liable to no suspicion , he is to be precluded from having the services of his catholic subjects . When this is attempted , I shall listen with becoming attention ; but hitherto no man has been hardy enough to undertake it . Let me further counsel the hon . and learned member , who last night ran over an historical catalogue of rebel- 996 lions , assumed that they all arose out of the catholic religion , to come a little better prepared on that subject to the committee , which will be the proper place for those details . For , if he chooses to go back to that of the earl of Desmond in 1576 , I warn him that I shall bring no less a witness than Elisabeth . herself , who with expressions of deep sorrow and contrition confessed , that she was in fault , for having committed her flock to the care of wolves , instead of shepherds . Will he select that of the earl of Tyrone towards the end of the same reign ? Camden , the co-temporary historian of that reign shall answer him , that it had its origin in private animosities and ambition ; and the lord deputy Mountjoy himself shall inform him , that it was continued , because some of the protestant gentlemen had acquired a relish for plunder and free quarters in preference to a quiet harvest ; and the catholics , all over the kingdom , feared a persecution for religion , not to mention various other grievances , `` the least of which alone , '' he justly observes , `` have been many times sufficient motives to drive the best and most quiet states into sudden confusion . '' * Beaten out of these , will he have recourse to his favourite massacre of 1641 ? I will there undertake to show by irrefragible evidence that , although there was much more than enough of cruelty and wanton slaughter on both sides , yet there was no preconceived , preconcerted massacre in the breaking out of that civil war , as is weakly or wickedly asserted . In the meantime , I shall only give the learned gent . notice of one of my witnesses , the royal martyr himself , who will tell him , wise men believed that rebellion to have been kindled `` by preposterous rigour , and unseasonable severity , despair being added to the former discontents , and the fears of utter extirpation to the former oppressions of the country . '' From the same authority also he may learn that `` the rebels were exasperated to the most desperate resolutions and actions , '' by the avowed : menaces of 'over-zealous protestants , who threatened , `` to destroy root and branch , men , women , and children , without , any regard to those usual pleas for mercy , which conquerors , not wholly barbarous , are wont to hear from their own breasts `` but there is a kind of