be brought forward , emissaries were sent down by the administration to procure resolutions and petitions from the different county grand juries against it ; and they succeeded . But the catholics seeing no hope of success when the Irish government was against them , came over to England and petitioned the throne . Every thing was in readiness for opening the sessions of the Irish parliament . The speech from the throne was prepared , and every resistance to the catholic claims determined on . But his majesty was graciously pleased to favour the petition , and an alteration for the intended speech was transmitted to Ireland , with a recommendation in favour of the catholics . The change of opinion that took place was equally violent and sudden . These very grand juries in the different countries who had assembled , and agreed in resolutions against the claims of the catholics , in a short time after were themselves the first who voted in their favour : —and thus the grand juries and the parliament were disgraced . I remember when I was laughed at for saying the catholic claims must be granted , by many of those persons who in a very short time afterwards voted in their favour . The Irish parliament , in my opinion , acted on that occasion with great prudence , in not granting them the whole of what they asked for at once ; and so much inclined am I to this gradual extension of privileges , that , should the house go into a committee on the petition , I should be averse to granting all their demands , though I would agree to members of that religion sitting in both houses . No man , who values the constitution , can approve of three millions of his fellow subjects being unrepresented in the parliament ; but it was very well argued by the hon . mover of this question , that the catholic body is not even virtually represented , though the members of it are allowed to possess the elective franchise . I will even put it to the learned and hon . gent . near me ( Dr. Duigenan ) , whether , if his con- 960 stituents were of that persuasion , he could be considered as the organ of the Catholics ? My hon . friend may be a Very good protestant ; but certainly no very fit representative for the catholics . All the evils apprehended from giving them seats in parliament , are now no more than fanciful and chimerical . It was formerly said , if you give the catholics the elective franchise , the consequence will be that they will vote for no member without putting him to a test that he will be obedient to their purposes . But they have since obtained the franchise , and no such tests or other consequences have been known to happen . It turned out to be no more than a phantom of distant danger , which vanished as you approached it . All the danger that can happen has already been incurred . You have given suffrages to , and put arms into the hands of , persons but slightly educated , and most liable to entertain the prejudices you are so much afraid of ; and refuse privileges to the higher orders , whose minds are enlightened , whose principles are more sound , and who possess the greatest stakes in the country—My hon . friend has at all times opposed the catholic claims , not as a question of policy , but as a question of religion , and in support of his opinions he goes back to musty records and obsolete councils , and the ages of ignorance and bigotry . But will any man in his senses seriously compare the opinions of the catholics of the eleventh with those of the nineteenth century ? Have not the protestants themselves changed their tenets and opinions with the revolutions of time ? Are there not new sects of dissenters springing up every day ? In this age of rapid and