been humbled to a due sense of your misconduct , and that your errors may be in some degree imputed to the ignorant or criminal advice under which you unfortunately acted , this house is willing to believe that the ends of justice are at length satisfied ; it has therefore consented that you be now discharged . And you are discharged accordingly ; paying your fees . `` —Ordered , on the motion of Lord Marsham , that Mr. Speaker 's reprimand be entered on the journals.—Mr . Leycester informed the house , that the house of lords had been waited on with its message , requiring the attendance of lord Harrowby to give evidence before the select committee , to which their lordships replied , they would send an answer by messengers of their own.—The house then proceeded to ballot for a select committee , to enquire into the several papers presented to the house respecting the repairs of the Romney and La Sensible , whilst under command of sir Home Popham in the Red Sea 731 —A committee was appointed to examine on whom the ballot had fallen , according to the lists put in the glasses . said , he rose in pursuance of the notice had given , to have the honour of submitting to the house a motion for the production several accounts relating to the naval department of the country , during the administration of earl St. Vincent . Having read the motions on a former night to the house , and being of opinion that some time should be taken to deliberate on their contents , he now rose to submit his motions to the consideration of parliament . He was persuaded when the accounts were laid upon the table , and perused by the members , that he would be borne out in the view which he had taken of the subject , and the intention for which the accounts were brought forward . He would not trouble the house with any further observations until he heard whether his motions were opposed , or met with the approbation of the house . He therefore should move , `` That there be laid before the house an account , shewing the number of line-of-battle ships and frigates built between the 1st January , 1783 , and 31st December , 1792 , distinguishing the number of ships launched from the merchants ' yards , from those launched from the king 's yards . '' said , he had no objection to the motion now offered ; but as those which were to follow were very voluminous , he wished to have it understood , that he must oppose the production of any papers tending to show the state and condition of the ships in 1804 , as it might afford improper information to the enemy . He should also object to the production of any correspondence explaining the state of British and foreign timber , as it might disclose the foreign resources of the navy , and thereby perhaps enable the enemy to embarrass them . entertained great doubts with respect to the propriety of bringing forward the long list of motions which the hon . gent . stated on a former night , as they embraced almost every branch of the naval service of the country . He submitted if at this late period of the session , it were adviseable ; and he would be glad to know from any gentleman conversant with the official business of the board of admiralty , if these accounts could be prepared without distracting its attention from the other important concerns , in which , at this con- 732 juncture , they are engaged . He understood , if these motions were agreed to , the friends of earl St. Vincent would move for other papers , which would still embarrass the public business . He was desirous to be informed , if , at any crisis like the present , the lords of the admiralty could peruse the voluminous accounts moved for by the hon . member , without material injury to the public