that can be given with reason and conscience I am prompt to give . But the constitution I can not , dare not , will not give . I must uphold and support , with the last effort of my nature , the establishment in church and state , as the great step by which the house of Brunswick ascended that throne . supported the motion of his noble friend , after whose most able and argumentative speech , his lordship did not feel it necessary to trouble the house at much length . If he thought for a moment that the motion of his noble friend was likely , in the remotest degree , to injure the church or state , he assured the house that there was not a man in the country who would not only more unwilling to support it , but more strenuously oppose it than himself . If he thought that it went to invalidate the principles on which the Brunswick family came to and now possessed the throne , the idea would be abhorrent to his 694 feelings ; but he thought the manner in which his noble friend had opened the speech with which he prefaced it , completely obviated any such apprehension . He perfectly agreed with his noble friend , and the noble secretary of state who followed him , in the propriety of discussing this important question with perfect moderation and temper ; but insisted , that this rule of conduct had been infringed by the noble secretary himself , who attributed to his noble friend , and to the petition of the catholics of Ireland , sentiments of defiance and menace , which the fact did not justify . The noble lord had endeavoured to prove , that the Roman catholics of Ireland paid allegiance to a foreign power . He wished to ask the noble lord where he discovered this ? It was perfectly new to him . He knew that they considered the pope as their spiritual head , but he was pretty well assured that they did not recognise in him a civil governor . The published opinions of some of the most learned men among the Roman catholics disclaimed that on which , to give a delusive weight to his argument , the noble secretary dwelt with such emphasis . If the fact were true , however , if it were incompatible with the safety of the church and state to allow to the catholics any civil power , why did not the noble lord vote for the committee , not for the purpose of granting to the catholics additional immunities , but to repeal those which they had already received in the present reign , and which , if the arguments of the noble secretary were good for any thing , teemed with danger to the country . The noble lord asserted , that before any concessions had been made to the catholics of Ireland , they were perfectly quiet , but that concession seemed to be the signal with them of turbulence . This was not so . It had been unequivocally proved , that the late rebellions arose entirely from political causes , and had nothing Whatever to do with religious subjects . `` But , '' says the noble lord , `` if you grant this , you will be pressed to grant more . '' Well ! it so ; if the grounds of any additional grants that might be required were as good as those of the present , they ought to be allowed , and he could not admit the possibility of the noble secretary seemed to wish to insinuate , that the most remote wish would ever be expressed for the establishment of a catholic church , or for allowing the crown to be held by any but a protestant prince . These , indeed , would be infringements on the fundamental laws of the constitution , 695 which he would be as eager as the noble lord to oppose . The noble lord had laid great stress on the material change which he declared had