. The clergy preached the cause of religion , and denounced their excommunications on those who should presume to vote against the friends of the holy Roman church . '' Having endeavoured to convince the house , that , in three provinces out of the four , Connaught , Leinster , and Munster , the representation , with scarcely an exception , would be catholic , his lordship proceeded to state , that in Ulster the catholic , with the protestant dissenters , constituted a great proportion of the population ; and said he would leave to the house seriously to consider the effects that such a weight of dissenting interest thrown into the house of commons might have with respect to the security of the church establishment . How soon the common object of all the dissenters might be accomplished , must depend upon circumstances ; but that that object would be the destruction of the property of the church , no doubt could be entertained . His lordship then adverted to the evidence of Doctor Macnevin , a catholic and a rebel , in his examination before the committee of the Irish house of commons , in 1798.—Q , `` Have you seen a resolution of the Leinster provincial committee of the 19th February , 1798. viz . that they would not be 749 diverted from their purpose by any thing which could be done in parliament , as nothing short of the total emancipation of their country would satisfy them ? A . `` I have. '' —Q . `` Do you think the mass of the people in the provinces of Munster , Leinster , and Connaught , care the value of this pen , or the dip ink which it contains , for parliamentary reform or catholic emancipation ? '' A . `` I am sure they do not—but they wish much to be relieved from the payment of tithes . '' His lordship then said it was extraordinary to observe how much even the language of the protestant dissenter in England accorded with that of the catholic dissenter in Ireland . In the debate upon a motion for repealing the test and corporation acts in the year 1790 , Mr. Burke , in the course of a most able speech opposing that motion , produced a letter written by Mr. Fletcher , a dissenter , stating , that the principles held at a meeting of dissenting ministers , at Bolton in Lancashire , were so violent that he would not stay ; it described , that one member , on being asked what was their object , and whether they meant to seek for any thing more than the repeal of the language of our Saviour , `` We know those things which we are not yet able to bear . '' And , on another member 's saying , `` give them a little light into what we intend , '' informed him , `` that they did not care the nip of a straw for the repeal of the test and corporation acts , but that they designed to try for the abolition of the tithes and the liturgy . `` —The noble baron had adverted to the apprehensions entertained from the introduction of forty-five members of the presbyterian church into the house of commons , at the time of the union with Scotland , and had asked how far the predictions of that day had been realized . The noble earl admitted that they had not . But he would ask , whether the day might not yet come , if the prayer of the catholic petition was complied with , when the fate of the church of England might depend upon the Scotch representation—when a question might arise whether the revenues of the church should not be made applicable to the exigencies of the state ? The sentiments of the Irish and England dissenter had been already expressed . The church of Scotland has been emphatically described `` as being built upon a rock of poverty ; '' and when a great object was to be obtained , who would