. gent . 's object he did not know . It was impossible for him to enter minutely into the particular cases , because the subject was so very general . He had formerly asked information from the hon . gent . respecting the chief point to which his attention was to be directed , and his view in bringing forward his motion , but was refused any information on that head . He was persuaded , however , that the hon . gent . did not mean to vilify the councils of his country , nor to impeach the character of any individual who was absent , and could not defend himself . Having said this much by way of preface , he would endeavour to follow the hon . gent . through the outlines of his speech . With respect 235 to the hon . gent . 's first proposition , that of his calling the attention of the house to the act of parliament upon this subject ; he conceived the hon . gent . had put construction upon the act which he could by no means sustain upon fair argument . That any extension of the British empire in India was a source of policy which , under no circumstances whatever , should be resorted to , was a doctrine so futile and absurd , and so wholly unlike the wisdom of the British constitution , that it could not stand for one moment . As well might it be said , that a man was to be chained to his post , without the power of defence or attack , while surrounded by enemies . There was another principle equally absurd , and that was , that the British govt . in India were precluded from forming any connections with the princes of the east and that they were to pay the expences of a military force in land , and not in money . This clause in the act most certainly never meant to recognise such a power ; it was the intention of the govt . merely to guard against the united efforts of the Indian powers . His lordship admitted , that when the govt . should have travelled out of the fair line of policy , then there would be a fair ground of charge against them ; but in the present case , no charge whatever was establised against the councils , either at home or abroad . In enumerating the several princes who had been brought under the British dominion , and whose families were extinct , the hon . gent , went into prima facie evidence of their dissolution ; but before he came to censure the govt . ; before he came to call down the condemnation of the public upon them , he should have brought his charge on some particular grounds , on some specific instances of oppression , and have taken the sense of parliament upon them , Parliament could then come to a conclusion , either one way or the other . With respect to the commercial interests being turned into territorial interests , that was a measure necessarily resorted to ; it had uniformly been the policy of France to goad England in that quarter ; all her efforts were directed against it , and it was her machinations which drove us to those measures ; if we could have kept in existence our commercial interests , without territorial possessions , it would have been more politic ; but in order to secure the one we were obliged to obtain the other . The hon . gent . 's proposition , 236 therefore , upon this head , did not admit of any qualification . As to the wars in the Mysore country . particularly the two last wars , if the hon . gent . would have called in question the councils upon them , he would have seen that some , at least , of the transactions on that subject , had never the finger of calumny pointed at them . This alone , his lordship thought , would go