parliament should not be able to tax their constituents without taxing themselves . Now I say that there is no feeling of this kind with respect to the catholics . Upon the same principle you deprive the electors of Ireland from electing Roman catholics—you deny the corporations the right of choosing them , for they can not be at the head of any corporation . I want to know upon what principle it is that corporations are to be denied the privilege of appointing catholics to the office of mayor , or other superior offices ? Corporations being composed chiefly of protestants , there is not much danger , as some would say , or not much hope , as others would say , of the catholics being admitted . Is not this one of those additional instances in which you keep the stigma without any practical advantages ? You fix an unnecessary stigma on the catholics ; and an unnecessary stigma is , of all modes of punishment , that which is most grating to the people , and destructive of the unanimity and concord necessary for the safety of the state . I shall say a very few words as to certain objections to the matter of this petition . I think the objections to the jacobites are given up ; but it is said , that there is something in the nature of the Roman catholics that makes it dangerous to grant them the same privileges as protestants . Some have stated , that there is a general impropriety and incongruity in persons of different religious principles acting together . I should like to know the theory on which this argument rests . I am speaking now of religious differences ; —why two men sitting in council together should , instead of inquiring how the forces of the country ought to be disposed of , and where the fleets ought to be sent , whether to Jamaica or any other part of the West Indies , fall to a discussion about transubstantiation , and dispute because one adores the Virgin Mary and the other adores the saints ? Is it to be supposed that justices on the bench , when they try criminal or civil points , will quit their duty , 839 in order to commence idle controversies on religion points ? There are countries where the law and religion are one and the same thing ; where consequently , there would be an impropriety in separating them : but I want to know , upon what principle it is that men may not act together , who entertain strong differences on religious creeds . This stands upon theory only , for the practice is against it . Is there Europe one state or country that does not employ persons of different religious persuasions in the highest offices ? In former times even this was the practice , when there was more heat and animosity . When bigotry was at its height in France , when it led Henry the Fourth to renounce the protestant and embrace the catholic religion , in order to obtain the throne of the kingdom , did ever occur to any one to suggest , that the Duke de Sully , his minister , who was a protestant , could not advise with him about public affairs ? Was he ever accused of being a bad minister , because he was a protestant ? No one ever objected to M. Neckar , the minister of the late king of France , because he was a prolate king France , because he was protestant . Does not the emperor of Germany employ protestant in the various important affairs of dominions ? The government of Vienna is intrusted to prince Ferdinand of Wirtemberg , a protestant . It is true , the bigotry of Frederick the Great could not induce him to employ protestants as his minister or officers ; but perhaps it was because he could not find any that were fit for his service . What is the case with Russia ? The first employment in the service of the emperor