and resisted by them . The impolitic oppression exercised in Ireland was a further obstacle to its progress . Henry passed a law prohibiting the English settlers from intermarrying or fostering with the natives . As this word fostering has an application in Ireland different from what it has here , it may be right to explain that it refers to the poorer son of the females suckling the children of the rich , which in that country , is productive of a kind of intimate intercourse and connexion . It is also to be observed , that it was the same parliament of Henry that promulgated the reformation , which also passed this prohibiting act , which violated all the manners and customs of the people . In every respect the proceedings in the two countries were so extremely different , that the reformation was not allowed the same play in the one that it was in the other . When the king thought proper to shut up the monasteries , and destroy the monastic livings in England , he bestowed them , by grant , upon great landed men of considerable property , who commanded the respect of the people . In Ireland , in the contrary , he bestowed them on English settler , and needy adventurers , whose interests were constantly at variance with those of the people.—Though the territory of the government , as I observed before , extended no further than twenty miles from Dublin , yet bishops and other clergy were sent over , who never thought of residing on their benefices ; and instead of propagating their doctrines , had , in fact , no connexion whatever with the inhabitants . If the religion then adopted had been at that early period taught in Ireland , it would , no doubts , have had pretty nearly the same effect that it had here ; but , in that country , it does not appear that any one ever attempted to teach it ; nor was the protestant religion ever tendered to the people , except in the form of an act of parliament . But if Henry failed in the mode which be adopted for propagating the reformation amongst a people who could not understand a word of the English language , Queen Elizabeth bit upon a most notable project to remedy the defect ; for , 963 as the native , Irish spoke no language but their own , and could not understand English , she ordered the Bible to be translated for them into Latin , and the church service to be performed in that language . It was well said by lord Clare , that any attempt to force men 's consciences only made them hypocrites ; and we find that force , instead of argument , was the instrument employed in Ireland . A law was passed , by which the eldest son of a catholic , who had a landed estate , might , by turning protestant , dispossess his father . What could be more detestable than this law , which was so well calculated to revolt the feelings of the people , by an unnatural power given to a son to shake off the dominion of his parent ? This bribe , however , was not confined only to the eldest ; but the youngest , or any other son , was also , by his conversion , afforded the bribe of seizing on his father 's estates , and letting it gavel between him and his eldest brother . In this way it will be allowed , that both the king and his parliament took a most irreligious method of extending their religion , and prepared their converts for being good protestants , by first making them bad men . The free tenets of the protestant religion are of that kind that will always extend themselves with the progress of civilization ; but you took the very worst mode of effecting this in Ireland . By prohibiting the education of Roman Catholics at home , and excluding them from the university of Dublin ,