. No precedent is to be found for such tyranny in the conduct of the apostles . The first instance of an excommunication upon record took place in a very early period , in the church of Corinth . A member of that church was leading a most flagitious life ; and the process of the excommunication was this . The apostle St. Paul , not being able to attend in person , issues his peremptory mandate to the church of Corinth to assemble ; and in full congregation , `` in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , and with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ , to deliver the offender unto Satan , `` that is , to expel him from the church , by which he would be deprived of those assistances which the church affords to resist Satan , `` for the destruction of the flesh '' —not that the man was to be starved—driven from civil society , and reduced to perish with cold , and hunger and thirst ; but for the mortification of the carnal appetites ; for the flesh here evidently signifies the appetites of the flesh . And this flesh was to be thus destroyed , to this intent and purpose , `` that the spirit might be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus . '' And the spirit in that day will be saved . For the man was brought to repentance ; and , upon his repentance , the apostle writes to the church again , to receive the penitent again into their communion , and to `` confirm their love to him . '' And it appears , that offenders under this dreadful sentence were still treated with great charity and commiseration . For thus the same apostle writes to the church of Thessalonica . `` We command you , brethren , in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , that ye withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly . And if any man obey not our word by this epistle , note that man , and have no company with him , that he may be ashamed . Yet count him not as an enemy , but admonish him as a brother . '' Very different this , for , the despotism which we are told is exercised by the titular bishops in Ireland , over persons of their own communion.—My lords , in this state of the Roman catholic hierarchy in Ireland , it would be in vain to go into a committee to take this petition into consideration . For certainly nothing of political power and influence can be conceded to the Roman catholics in Ireland , beyond what they already enjoy , miles their hierarchy can be reduced to a less offensive 804 form , and checked in the monstrous abuse of their spiritual authority . I should hope that neither of these things is impracticable ; that both may be effected , by the influence of persons of rank of that persuasion with their pastors , concurring with government in mild measures for the attainment of these ends . But if these ends can not be attained by the concurrence of the Roman catholics themselves with government , I confess , we seem to be reduced to this dilemma , either this hierarchy must be crushed by the strong arm of power ( God forbid the dreadful necessity should arise ) , or the Roman catholic church must be the established church of Ireland . My lords , if the thing were resintegra , if we had now to form a constitution for Ireland ab initio , I have no hesitation in saying , that it might be matter of grave deliberation , which of the two measures should be adopted . But this is not the case . The Irish constitution is settled ; settled long since upon the basis of protestantism : and that constitution , so settled , has been recently confirmed by the pacta conventa of the union . When I speak however of crushing the Roman catholic hierarchy in Ireland , i