. He trusted the committee would not consider the terms ' of the loan as disadvantageous to the public , when it was stated , that for the loan of two millions and a half , which was raised in the early part of the session for Ireland , the annual charge amounted to 6l , 17s . 7d . The latter loan was not only made upon terms more favourable to the public , but it had this further advantage , that a great part of it was in annuities , whereas the other created a permanent debt . He would now , with the permission of the committee , say a few words upon the reports which were circulated respecting the rejection of the offers made in Ireland for this loan . The offers made by the persons who wished to contract for the loan in Ireland were as follows : Annual charge to the nation . 100 , 3½ per cent . stock £3 10 0 48 , 5 per cent . ditto 2 8 0 148 , Sinking Fund , 1 per cent . 1 9 7 ——— 7 7 7 He had already stated , that the annual charge on the present loan was 6l . 17s . 2d . so that there was an actual saving of 10s . 5d . per cent . The difference also on the capital of the debt created would be immense . If the offers made in Ireland had been accepted , the subscribers would have had a bonus of no less than 13 per cent . and therefore it was not surprising , that where the advantage to them was so great , they wished to have their offer considered as a contract . He would now explain to the house the whole of the transaction , as far as related to the offers made in Ireland . The first offer made there was for 49 , 5 per cents . ; this being represented as unreasonably high , it was reduced to 448 48½ , and on further representation , to 4S . This offer had been received by the lords of the treasury in Ireland , subject to his approbation . He would shew by the letter of the bidders themselves , that they did not consider any engagement made with them . The letter stated , that they would abide by their offer , if they were indemnified for any depression that may take place in the stocks here before the return of the express with his answer . This offer was made in Dublin on Monday the 16th . The letter of Messrs. Bogle , French , Burrows , and Canning , was answered by him by an express , which arrived in Dublin on the Sunday following , stating , that their offer could not be accepted . There was not in their letter , nor in any one of the papers , one word that went to shew he was bound . The bidders merely said , they would abide by their offer if indemnified against possible depression . Now they complained , and said they had a right , merely because they were not allowed the 13 per cent . bonus they had carved out for themselves . He trusted this explanation would set his conduct in a fair light . expressed himself extremely happy to hear the right hon . gent . give so truly satisfactory an account of this transaction . He had heard of the rumours that had been alluded to , but could not believe them , and it gave him the greatest pleasure to hear them so completely done away . He highly approved the loan having been made in England in preference to Ireland , because it could not fail to be eventually truly advantageous to that part of the empire . In a poor country like Ireland the great object should always be to bring capital into it . Here would , therefore , be nearly 2 millions of capital sent thither , and that Irish capital , which , if taken as