to have recourse entirely to such as was imported.— Notwithstanding this necessity , he was sorry to observe that the tax upon timber was regularly augmented every year since the Union . said that he was happy to find , from what had fallen from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) , that he had altered his opinion upon a point on which they had differed last year , viz . the amount of the balances in the hands of the collectors . The right hon . gent . had stated that the cash balances in the hands of the collectors was no less than 550,000l . ; and to shew that he distinctly meant cash balances , he compared them with the amount of the balance in the hands of the collectors in England , which was oily 37,000l . Whereas , if he had . meant the balance in charge against the Irish collectors , he would have compared it with the arrears of duties in England , which amounts to between 5 and 6 millions . The right hon . gent . now admitted that the cash balance in the hands of the collectors , instead of 550,000l . was only 130,000l . With regard to the increase of the export of linen , it was circumstance that gave him great satisfaction ; but he could not attribute that increase to the taking off the duty , because of 37 millions of yards exported from Ireland , 35 millions was imported into English which did not pay the duty ; and the quantity of Irish linen exported to foreign countries from Gr . Britain was not above one-fourth of the quantity of British 16 linen exported ; he could therefore by no means conceive that the taking off the duty was the cause of the increase which the right hon . gent . had mentioned . With respect to the great increase of the debt of Ireland last year , he begged to observe , that out of the loan of last year he had paid off 1,700,000l . of exchequer bills , of which 700,000l . were outstanding when he came into office . This sum , when added to the balance remaining in the exchequer , made a sum of 2 millions , over and above the expenditure of the year . He said he by no means wished to make any observation that could be considered as inimical to the right hon . gent . ; but he thought it right to say thus much , in order to set himself right with the house , and to justify the statement he had formerly made . observed , that as to any political differences that existed between him . and the right hon . gent . they had never weighed in his mind , and he hoped they did not in that of the right hon . gent . As to the linen , the papers when produced would speak for themselves . The balances , in fact , that remained due to the treasury was last year 500,000l . as he had stated it . said , that the right hon . gent . had then stated that 550,000l . in cash remained in the hands of the collectors . He admitted that some such sum was due to the treasury ; but asserted that it had not been collected , and the balance of cash was only 130,000l . replied , that he had never meant to say that the cash actually in their ' hands was 500,000l . contended , that in law , the debt of Ireland was now become an English debt ; that the state of its exports and imports could give us no sanguine hopes of the increase of its resources , and that if taxes were thus multiplied , there could be no ground for entertaining any sanguine hopes that Ireland , even in time of peace , would be able to satisfy all the claims upon its regular revenue . gave notice , that in order to satisfy the House and