for more . The only immediate effect would be , that the vacancies in the reduced number must be immediately made up , and this certainly would not be so extensive as to come often upon the same 123 persons who had already procured substitutes . There was , on the contrary , an advantage in the reduction to the persons who were exposed to the ballot , because the casualties in 40,000 would be much mose easily filled up than if the whole number of the militia had been kept on foot . Then as to the injury to be apprehended to discipline and subordination , it was not to be denied that every measure should be taken to prevent such a mischief . The recruiting officers should he kept at as great a distance as possible . He allowed that while the measure was pending , the officers and men in the regular service would present temptations , but so far from countenancing such applications , no instructions had been sent to the regular regiments to invite the militia to volunteer . One application had been made for permission to hold out such invitations , but it had been peremptorily refused . He Would . venture to say further , that every thing that could be done by the military department of his majesty 's govt . to prevent the irregularities apprehended , would be done . It was to be recollected , that if four-fifths of the quota were ready at the time , no further demand was to be made ; and that every thing had been done , and would be done , on his part , to reader the measure as palateable as possible . The particular provisions may be modified in the committee ; and the setting apart one half for the foundation of the reduced regiment , was a security against deterioration . As to permitting the marines to recruit from this source , he doubted the propriety of it . As to the artillery , it was to be permitted to them . As to the guards , it was not determined , whether they should ; if they were , it should not be to any extent , and with a limit as to size ; but he doubted altogether , whether it would be right to open this channel of recruiting to them . The measures taken for the gradual augmentation of the regulars had not had all the effect that could be desired or that was expected from thenee , but they afforded a constant and continued supply to a considerable amount . On this ground it was desirable for the public to adopt the means of augmentation now proposed , with a view to give the utmost effect to any favourable circumstances that may arise . said , it was not to be supposed he had any objection to the increase of the troops of the line . That was an ob- 124 ject so much in conformity with all the sentiments he had maintained , and so directly in opposition to all those that had been supported by the right hon . gent . who moved this measure , that it was not likely he should oppose him in it . The right hon . gent . was now employed in taking down a part of the building which he had been so long employed in erecting . He applauded the workman and be applauded the work . It was a satisfaction to find that the right hon . gent . was so good-naturedly disposed to correct every thing erroneous he might have formerly established . Considering the length of time the right hon . gent . had formerly been in power , considering he was now in power again , and that many wished him to remain in power , it would be to be lamented indeed if he adhered to every error he had fallen into . The right hon . gent . had completely relieved the house from that apprehension , for a more formal , distinct , and pointed recantation of his