complaisance to earl St. Vincent . confirmed the statement of the chancellor of the exchequer , as to the early disposition and soli- 576 citude he had shewn to vindicate his character from the imputations thrown upon it by the report alluded to . At the suggestion of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Rose ) he meant to have followed the precedent of the 10th of queen Anne , where an imputation of a similar nature was thrown upon a member of the victualling board , by the report of the committee of that house . It was his intention to move , that the report under consideration should be referred to a committee , and some proceeding taken respecting it , that should afford him an opportunity of vindicating his character . This course he was prevented from following by lord St. Vincent , who told him upon an interview , that it was for his lordship , and no other person to recommend , when the reports of the naval commission should be taken into the consideration of parliament , as that commission had been originally proposed by him . The hon . baronet remonstrated with his lordship on the obloquy to which his character must be subject in the interim , and appealed strongly to his sense of justice ; but in vain , lord St. Vincent would not consent . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Rose ) also waited on his lordship , but was equally unsuccessful . Advised , however , by his right hon . friend and others ; and considering his own situation in the navy , he declined entering into hostilities with the noble lord . He waited in confidence of a full acquittal of his reputation , whenever those reports should be brought before parliament . Since lord St. Vincent 's retirement from the admiralty board , he was given to understand that it was intended to establish a commission of revision , and before that commission , he hoped to establish the injustice of the charges propagated against him . That there might be some irregularities under a department so wide and extensive , as that over which the navy board presided , he was prepared to admit ; but he could assure the house , that there was nothing for which the members of that board were more anxious , than a full and fair examination of every part of their conduct , particularly that to which the report of the naval commissioners alluded ; all he asked for that board was this , that until such full and fair examination should take place , the house and the country would suspend their judgment upon the charges against them . corroborated that part of the speech of the hon . baronet , who had just sat down , which referred to himself . With respect to the motion before the house , he 577 he pointed out some parts of the conduct of the Naval Commissioners , which did not in his opinion justify the unqualified panegyric which the hon . mover would have the house pronounce upon them . The conduct which he deemed particularly exceptionable was to be found in their third report . This report almost altogether , consisted of a censure upon a most respectable man , a Mr. Taylor , who was one of his constituents . It appeared that Mr. Taylor was an eminent block manufacturer . He had supplied the navy with blocks at Chatham and Portsmouth , since the year 1762 . Those commissioners thought proper to pronounce his charges excessive . In consequence , a public advertisement was sent forth for contracts to supply those yards.—And , would the house believe it , that Mr. Taylor , under this advertisement , obtained the Chatham contract , at 10 per cent . more than his former charge of which the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry complained ; and Mr. Dunstanville obtained the contract for Plymouth , at 5 per cent . above Mr. Taylor 's price ; —such then were the frauds detected , and the