grounds for a charge , which should be submitted , afterwards , to the consideration of the house . The character of the committee was rather accusatory than judicial . Was it not then singular , that the very person accused , should himself nominate the committee that was to examine the grounds of the accusation ? When a friend was thus appointed to pursue such examination , he must be rather a sturdy moralist , who could use the necessary diligence in order to seek out facts likely to lead to conviction . The task was more ungrateful than ought to be imposed on any one , and the confidence was too much for the house to repose.—It was a trial which he was not willing to encounter . The only argument that could be used was , that it was not so much lord M. as the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) that was the object of charge , as the powers of the committee were now limited . But this was only to change the person , leaving the case the same . He once acted with the right hon . gent. , although he now disagreed with him ; and , indeed , to speak correctly , even when he did act with him he could not be said properly to agree with him . The agreement was rather comparative than absolute—rather with reference to the sentiments of those than opposed to the right hon . gent. , and with from he ( Mr. W. ) now concurred , than from a complete coincidence in the views entertained by the right hon . gent . Still his connection with the right hon . gent . had been such that he did not wish to be a member of a committee appointed to arraign his conduct . In considering the powers with 528 which this committee was vested , combined with the persons of which it was composed , he really did not think it was calculated to give satisfaction to the country . And however little he might be disposed , or might wish that others at different times had been disposed , to enforce a devoted reverence for public opinion on great questions of general policy , upon which , what was called the public was generally incompetent to judge ; yet upon such an occasion as this , the case was directly the reverse . Here public opinion was not only entitled to peculiar attention , but was itself a great part of the question . The weightiest part of the charge against the noble lord ( lord M. ) was the shock he had given to public opinion ; and the first duty imposed upon the house , was to take such measures , consistent with justice , as might be likely to restore it . Where the suspicions of the public were reasonable , whether they should ultimately turn out to be well or ill founded , they had a claim to consideration and satisfaction . As Dr. Johnson said of the partisans of Ossian , 'to revenge reasonable incredulity by refusing evidence , was a degree of insolence to which the world had not been accustomed ! ' It was the duty and interest of the house to preserve itself from suspicion in any part of its proceedings upon this delicate question . The wife of Caesar should not only be pure but unsuspected . If the committee were to be constructed according to present appearances , his conviction really was , that although the condemnation of the party accused by such a committee might have weight , their acquittal would have no weight at all— [ a cry of hear ! hear ! ] He conjured the house to take such a course as should satisfy the public ; and though this was a phrase which , used too generally , would rather befit the proprietor of a theatre or a tea garden than a great and grave assembly ; yet it was a fit address to the house on this occasion . The public