presumptuously , to defend a person whom the house had condemned . As to the merits of lord Melville in those times to which the petition alludes , no resolution of the house of commons could erase that page from the history of the country , or from the recollection of the supporters of the constitution . He again repeated , that a great change had now taken place , and that the house and the country must recollect on which side of the house it had begun . said , that although it was peculiarly disagreeable to him to mix in any debate , when his partiality even to the excesss of liberty for the press would interfere with the opinion he would otherwise have formed , yet , on the present occasion , he 550 could not give a silent vote ; nor was the to be deterred from giving his opinion by the indecent threat that had been thrown out by the hon . gent . who had spoken last . That gentleman had stated pretty strongly , that it was in the contemplation of his friends to curtail and abridge the liberty of the press , and wished to have it supposed that he and his friends were to be responsible for the determination on the other side of the house to abridge the real liberty of the press . He saw nothing inconsistent in the conduct of his hon . friend , ( Mr. Grey ) on a former night with his conduct to-night . He had on a former night given way to that disposition for lenity which he perceived to have been then the prevailing sentiment in the house ; but when he now found this disposition towards lenity had been abused , and that the stile of the petition shewed strongly the spirit in which the libel had been written , there was no inconsistency in thinking that this lenity had been misplaced , and that some severer punishment should now take place . He confessed that he himself had used the words stated by the hon . gent . and although he gave his opinion that the paragraph alluded to was a very gross libel , yet he called it milk and water comparatively with others which had not yet been noticed . However , he must confess that some bounds ought to be set to the licentiousness of the press ; yet when he considered in whose hands the pruning-knife was to be placed , to lop off its exuberances , he was much afraid they would destroy the pith and vital sap of the tree . On this ground he had hitherto opposed all those measures for restricting the freedom of the press ; he had opposed all the increase of duties on those smaller publications which might at a cheap rate disseminate general and useful information ; he had opposed the bill which required a printer 's name to be inserted on every hand-bill ; but above all , he had opposed that infamous act ( if he might be allowed to call any thing infamous that was still in the statute book ) , which allowed magistrates and courts to transport persons to Botany Bay upon the second conviction for a libel . Upon the present occasion he had himself been applied to by some friends of the petitioner , and waited on him in consequence . Having read his petition , he entreated him to leave out those passages , and struck his pen across them . It appeared , however , that after he had seen him , the petitioner took the advice of some other persons , and re-inserted those passages . Af- 551 ter having done so , he had , however , the decency not to ask him to present his petition . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had considered it as a fair set-off in the petitioner to state the former services of lord Melville ; if that was any argument , why did not his lordship 's defenders in the house make use of it