to recommend to their attention . The instructions to colonel Collins ; the instructions to colonel Close ; the treaty of Bassein , from which , as it appears to me , the war may be dated ; and , finally , the map of India annexed to the papers . —The notice given by the hon . gent . is so general and undefined , that I am at a loss to conjecture what the objects are which he has in his view , and to which I should of course wish to turn my own thoughts . I therefore hope and request that the hon . gent . will state more distinctly the points to which his intended motion is directed , or at least the particular subjects which he means to discuss . made no reply . wished to state to his majesty 's ministers the substance of a communication which he received by a letter from Yorkshire . It observed , that by the last Salt Duty bill there was a severe penalty laid on all retail shopkeepers who should sell at any thing lower than the standard price , and the same penalty was exacted in that now in its progress . When the present bill was brought in , an officer was sent down to Rotherham , and the places adjoining , to announce the new duty , and take an account of the stock in hand . In consequence of this , the salt manufacturers ceased to sell ; but the retail shopkeepers continued to sell ; at four-pence halfpenny a quart , as before , for which informations were laid against them to recover the penalties . He wished to know whether there proceedings took place by the authority of government ? replied that the sending down of the officer was certainly premature , and that it would be un- 31 reasonable to inflict any penalties upon the shopkeepers . moved the order of the day for bringing up the report of the committee of ways and means of Ireland . opposed the bringing up of the report . He contended , that the loan was made to a larger amount than was necessary , and that if it were even necessary , the interest of it might be defrayed without having recourse to any new taxes . The revenue of Ireland was only taken at 4 millions ; though every body knew that it would be considerably more . In the last year , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) imposed additional taxes of 1,150,000l . by way of regulation , and 76,000l . to defray the expences of a direct loan ; and he now stated , that there was out of last year 's revenue a surplus of 843,000l . but that it must remain locked up in the Irish treasury until the proportion of Ireland to the joint expences of the empire should be paid . Upon this practice of retaining the surplus of the consolidated fund since the union , it would follow , that there must be now a total surplus of about 4 millions applicable to the expences of the year . This was a mode of proceeding very disadvantageous to Ireland . He sacrificed much by opposing the union ; but now that it was effected , he considered the two countries as one , and thought they should be treated equally . The sums returned of duties due , but not immediately payable , were to the amount of 636,346l . which either were or ought to be now in the treasury of Ireland . This , as well as the balances in the hands of the collectors , ought to be a productive fund , and if it was not , he must call upon those who promised Ireland so much benefit from the union to put an end to this system of patronage and influence . It was allowed on all hands , to be a very great grievance to that country , and yet , notwithstanding so many complaints , the government had not removed any