little trouble to ascertain how far they arose , either out of justice or necessity . The native princes of India had no ambassadors to plead their cause . They saw their country overrun , their wealth destroyed , and then they had only the satisfaction of being told that they had been actuated by lawless ambition . Many members might not , perhaps , be aware that there formerly existed in the government of Bengal a commission of Persian correspondence , through which our relations with the native princes were conducted . In looking , however , to the vast body of papers on the table , he had not been able , after the most diligent inquiry , to find above three or four short documents , containing no intelligence of the slightest importance . This correspondence was now , therefore , either altogether abolished , or had for a considerable time been suspended . Thus were the house and the public without means of judging of the origin of contests in India . Our commissioners might be honest persons , and their representations might be frequently founded in fairness and truth . But we were forced to believe them , without knowing what was 229 the nature of the remonstrances of the native princes , or what sacrifices they had made for the preservation of peace . He desired the house to consider what was the extent of our conquests in India . The hon . member proceeded to read the following list of native princes , who have either been extirpated , or whose states have sunk into ours : Nabob of Bengal , rajah of Benares , nabob of Oude , Rohillas , Ferokabad , nabob of the Carnatic , Tippoo Sultan and Mysore , now under an infant rajah.—He then stated the following to be the list of those princes who survive under our government , or are suffered to remain as feeble tributaries.—Rajahs of Tanjore , Tinnivelli , Travancore ; subadar of the decan by a susidiary treaty made in 1798 ; Gwicowar and Guzzerat , Bundelcund , the Mogul , in short the whole peninsula from Delhi to Cape Cormorin , except the Mahratta country.—But with all this extent of empire , with all that variety of dominion , the thirst of conquest remained unbounded , and the positive law of parliament for the limitation of our territories has been again violated , by a War with the Mahratta powers . The pretext for the war struck him as absurd , and indefensible in the highest degree . There was not the slightest ground for supposing that the Mahrattas entertained any views hostile to our power . It was true , that they were agitated by intestine feuds , but he defied any member , from the papers on the table , to shew that their proceedings could inspire any one with subject for jealousy or alarm . He knew it was common to represent the native princes in the most odious light , as absolute monsters of depravity ; but from the language of those employed under the government of lord Wellesley , it was easy to see in what light these descriptions should be considered . To secure the tranquillity of our possessions , it was necessary that a treaty with one of the Mahratta chiefs should be concluded , and the Peshwa was selected for that purpose . Now what is the character of this prince , with whom it is necessary to stand on good terms , to promote our own security ? Colonel Palmer says , `` I am to have my last private audience of the Peshwa this evening , when I will make a final effort to convince his highness of the lasting security , power , and prosperity , which he will derive from embracing your lordship 's proposals ; though I apprehend that nothing short of imminent and certain 230 destruction will induce him to make concessions which militate against his deep-rooted jealousy and prejudices , and of which he thinks he has already made extraordinary sacrifices . '' Colonel Close says ,