all that was either necessary or discreet . But the hon . gent. , on the contrary , says , because we have given so much , we ought liberally to make them a present of the rest . The converse of this I shall rather maintain , because he can not consider former generosity as a just motive for future prodigality.— However , if more should be fit to be conceded , a reason less inconvenient might be easily discovered for the donation . The discretion of our ancestors has erected a strong barrier to protect the constitution ; but we are now required to admit the catholics , and for this purpose to hurl down this stupendous monument of their industry and wisdom , to which I can never agree . explained that he had not intimated the probability of any separation of the two countries , if this motion were rejected . said , he certainly so understood the hon . member . —I said , if the parliament assented to the calumny propagated , that the catholics were traitors to their king and country , it would lay the foundation of such a separation . It was not the rejection of the petition , but the adoption of the calumny , to which I adverted . —It is with regret , sir , that I differ on any subject from my right hon . and learned friend , who last addressed you . But whatever satisfaction I should feel in agreeing with him on other occasions , I should indeed be sorry if I did nut differ 970 from him on the question of this night . For I could not look with the same pleasure to our happy constitution , which is justly the pride of this country and the envy of the world , if I could suppose it compatible with its principles , that so great a proportion of my fellow-subjects should be put under the ban of the empire , and eternally excluded from the most valuable of its privileges . It appears to me a most glaring inconsistency on the face of the proposition itself , that an equality of rights and of protection should be , for ever , denied to the catholics , at the same time that an equality of duty and allegiance is demanded from them . My right hon . and learned friend has drawn arguments in support of his opinion from the principles of our constitution , as laid down in the settlement which followed the glorious revolution . But here he has not exercised his usual fairness and candour . He has rested all his reasoning on a single , indefinite , and equivocal word , of negative description , which seems to favour his position , while he has passed over all that part of what he calls the charter of the revolution , which would at once have shewn the fallacy of the whole argument . According to him , the fundamental principle of our constitution , as then established , requires merely that the king should be a protestant , and marry a protestant ; and thence is deduced the conclusion , that all the great officers of state to whom the exercise of the royal functions is delegated , and every member of every branch of the legislature must be also protestants . But is not the position with which nay right hon . and learned friend sets out , a plain sophism ? It contains indeed the truth , but not the whole truth . Lutherans , Zuinglians and Calvinists , Baptists and Anabaptists , Quakers and Menonites , Muggletonians , Swedenburgians , and I know not how many sects beside , are all of them protestants : but does my right hon . and learned friend mean to say , that a monarch , who should profess himself to belong to any of those protestant sects , could lawfully hold the crown of this realm ? I am sure , he does not . By the coronation oath , by the act which settled the succession in his