military ; the right of franchise in their respective countries ; and , in short , every right and privilege enjoyed by their fellow-subjects , with the exception of about thirty-eight of the first offices of state , and the administration into the two houses of parliament . Can we , then , really believe that they feel much anxiety on the subject of what remains to be given ? I am fortunately in possession of the sentiments of the some important authorities on this part of the subject . In the year 1798 , several of the persons who were under the accusation of high treason , were examined before a committee of the lords and commons of the parliament of Ireland , and were permitted to banish themselves at the time of the peace , on condition of making a full disclosure of all the circumstances within their knowledge , relative to the rebellion . I shall not allude to the evidence of that person , who but a few weeks before had been described to be most virtuous and enlightened of patriots ; but who proved himself on that occasion by his own confession to be the 684 greatest of traitors ; I mean Mr. Arthur O'Connor . I am desirous of referring you to the evidence very much his superiours . The 1 st is , Dr. M'Nevin , a physician and a catholic ; the 2d , Thomas Addis Emmett , a professed protestant , and a lawyer . My lords ; the following question were proposed to Dr. M'Nevin , by the secret committee of the Irish house of lords : —Was any ecclesiastical establishment intended by the new government ? A . No : I conceive that a revolution would of church establishment , and of course a relief of the poor from tithes.—Q . Do you think the mass of the people in the provinces of Leinster , Munster , and Connaught , care the value of this pen , or the drop of ink which it contains , for parliamentary reform or catholic emancipation ? A. I am sure they do not : but they wish much to be relieved from the payment of tithes.—To Mr. Emmett , the questions , though not so pointedly expressed , were of a similar nature , and the answers are not less deserving attention . Q . Do you think the mass of the people care for catholic emancipation , or parliamentary reform ? A. I believe the mass of the people do not care a feather for catholic emancipation ; neither did they care for parliamentary reform , till it was explained to them as leading to other object which they looked to , principally the abolition of tithes . They were also taught to consider that , when they became members of a democracy , their condition would be bettered . Q . Was any ecclesiastical government ? A . None , certainly.—Why then I have a right to infer as well from these authorities , as from the presumption of the thing itself , that , circumstanced as the great body of the Catholics is at this time , they would not consider what you are called upon to grant , as any desirable boon or material concession to them . The noble baron has said that , inacceding to his propositions , we should part with but little , and grant much . My view of the question is totally different ; I am of opinion that we should surrender that which would not `` enrichen them , but might might make us poor indeed . '' I believe that what remains to be given is all because if given it might make the catholics the state . I am ready to give them the every thing under the state , but I am not prepared and , I trust , your lordships neither are nor ever will be prepared , to surrender the state 685 itself into their hands . I have heard it said , since you have given so much , why not relinguish the remainder ?