the right or the wrong on this subject ; but this I contend , that the great patriots of that time would not have rejected these petitions if the state of the laws had been an oppression to the country . When , then , was the discovery made ? why as soon as it was discovered that the government of England wished to do every thing that was proper for the catholics , then the grievance was made out , then the patriots began to cry out ; and whatever was given , the determination was to ask for more , so the more we give , the more we shall be asked , till your lordships have nothing more to surrender . May it be asked what has been the effect of the concessions of 1793 ? The catholics were relieved from every law affecting the mass of the people . The profession of the law was opened , the magistracy , right of voting , freedom of corporations , trades , & c. What happened immediately ? universal instruction , devastation , and cruelty . May i venture to ask then , if it is probable that those who returned treason for kindness , and murder for favour , upon points that directly affected them , are likely to become mild and grateful subjects for favours that affect them only distantly and collaterally ? Upon this point of the argument I beg to be distinctly understood . I do not bring this argument against the measure ; if it is 791 right with a view to the catholics of Ireland , let it be done ; if it is right with a view to the catholics of England , if it is right upon general policy , let it be done ; but let no man 's mind be influenced in deciding upon this question by the opinion that concessions of this nature are likely to tranquillize Ireland . We are told it arises out of the union : how ? was it promised ? certainly not . Did the catholics carry the union ? certainly not . was the question tried at the union ? why , it was previously rejected by both parliaments before the union , and at the time of the union itself , it was a strange sort of expectation that what both parliaments rejected before and at the union , should be done as soon as they were united . But is it not well known that the measure could not have been carried if this proposition had been clogged to it ? It is not well known that the most zealous friends of that measure would have opposed the union if this had made a part , considering it as leading to the separation of the countries ? `` But it will please the people of Ireland . '' Are you to learn that there are two descriptions of persons in the kingdom ? will it please the protestants of Ireland ; those who carried that great measure , those who preserved that country to this ? It seems as if noble lords had forgotten such people existed ; I have not heard mention of them from any one of them ; a people by whose loyalty and courage , in a situation unparalleled , that kingdom was secure ; whose conduct was never equalled by any description of men in any country . Why , then , what must be done ? I say , `` let the union alone , '' let that great measure alone , let it work , as it has begun , the settlement of that country , and let not the operations of that great measure be impeded by bringing the catholics forward at an unfit season , to be made the tool and sport of British factions.—In considering the petition several observations might be made , but I shall confine myself merely to two ; the first is , an insinuation that the catholics have not the benefit of equal justice . Now , for one , I beg have to observe