, however , the letters were so short as to require no delay for consideration , and might , he hoped , be printed in time , or might lie on the table for the perusal of members ; and as to the delay of the navy board in writing to the admiralty to refute the assertions of Mr. Tucker , no avoidable 627 delay had occurred ; for when the hon . member was informed that the navy board were unremittingly employed in their avocations from ten in the morning till six in the evening every day , he would perceive they had little leisure to answer the long letter of a gentleman who had nothing to do . He begged to observe , that the navy board were brought into this question in a very extraordinary way . The hon , officer , who was the object of the enquiry , had stated himself to be extremely anxious that it should come forward , but on reading the original report , he stated that there were considerable inaccuracies in it , and referred for revision to the navy board ; upon which revision it appeared that there were such inaccuracies . It was then upon this report that the imputations of Mr. Tucker were founded ; but he trusted the navy board would not he refused the right of producing correct statements for their own vindication , which he pledged himself would prove those imputations to be unfounded . said he should persevere in bringing forward his motion ; but he begged the hon . member to recollect , that the original report was made six weeks ago , and that no attempt had been made to correct its alleged inaccuracies until after the suggestions of the hon . officer ( of whose vindication he should be as proud as any man ) and on the very eve of bringing forward the question upon the original report . thought it would be right maturely to consider upon which of the two reports the house was to found its deliberations . He thought to-morrow too soon , however , to bring the question forward , as the documents now proposed to be brought forward might render it necessary to move for others . He could not see that the discussion , as it related to sir Home Popham , was likely to extend to any great length ; for such was the nature of the several items for consideration , that it was impossible for any men but naval officers , professionally and technically acquainted with them , to be competent to the discussion . He hoped the hon . member would postpone his motion for a few days , more especially if the letters should turn out to be such as to require farther time for consideration . was inclined to think , the proper mode of proceeding in this case was not that which 628 now seemed to be in contemplation of gentlemen , namely , an open discussion by the whole house ; but that it would be much more proper to refer the question , with all the documents thereon , to the investigation of a committee , who should be instructed to report the evidence , with their opinions thereon , to the house , and such he understood to have been the original intention of the hon member who proposed the question . But if it was to be an open discussion , he could see no inconvenience that would arise from the delay , if necessary , of a few day ; but however that might be settled , he would take leave to say , it was quite impossible that any understanding on the subject should be arrived at to-day , as to any arrangement that might appear expedient on to-morrow . He hoped the house would not , however , proceed to any decision without a fair hearing , and affording a full opportunity to the gallant officer to bring forward every proof necessary for clearing his own character . It was not merely the character of the hon .