did not hesitate to give his warmest and most cordial support to the present bill , With 196 respect to the statement of the noble earl , that a French force was now riding triumphant in the West Indies , he had every reason to believe that a British force was now there which would effectually prevent the former from riding triumphant in the West Indies , and he could add to this , that every precaution had been taken by sending additional troops to guard our possessions in that quarter of the world . He paid some warm compliments . to the noble earl for his conduct as lord-lieutenant of a county , in which capacity , although administration had not the satisfaction of his support in that house , he did every thing possible to promote all those measures which they employed for the benefit of the public service . observed , that the vote of every noble lord ought to be directed by the answer which he could give to the three following questions . First , it might be asked , whether it was not extremely desirable , that a large body of well-trained soldiers should at this moment be added to our disposable force ? If it were admitted that this was extremely desirable , then the next question came to be how this addition was to be obtained , and what mode could best answer the end in view ? And in the third place , it was to be considered whether the inconveniencies attending the procuring of this disposable force were so great as to counterbalance all the advantages that could be derived from it ? That it was necessary , at this moment , to have as large a disposable force as possible , few who were properly sensible of the condition of Europe could deny . It was the opinion of military men , that if one half of the force now expected to be raised had co-operated with the Austrian army at the battle of Marengo , the event of the day would have been extremely different from what it was . His lordship also adverted to the brave conduct of the militia in Egypt . The present was the best mode of procuring them that could be adopted , and the advantages , he was convinced , would far out-balance all the inconveniencies . He concluded , by expressing his hearty assent to the measure . but was afraid that it would not produce so great a number as was expected . thought that the right hon . gent . at the head of affairs little understood the matter , when he thought that he would be able to enlist a force , such as the present bill proposed , from the militia 197 into the regular army for life , He would find that he would procure none but those whose dissolute lives might make it convenient or desirable for them to change their situations , or who , induced by the bounty , which would enable them to get drunk for a few weeks , might enlist with a view of afterwards deserting . He could not forget the shameful scenes which had occurred when a similar measure was formerly adopted . He recollected , though he took no merit to himself from the circumstance , that his regiment was in a higher state of discipline than most of the militia regiments then were . The consequence was that few of his men volunteered . He received a complaint on the subject from lord Melville , and he at the time stated to that noble lord the real cause of the supposed failure on the part of his regiment . Wishing to avoid the recurrence of a similar circumstance , he recollected too that he had applied to the noble earl opposite ( Buckinghamshire ) , and although he declined giving him any assuranee in his official capacity , he gave him to understand , as a friend , in the most satisfactory terms , that no such measure should again be resorted to . He left