this supposed impartiality . It is what every minister , whatever he is , is obliged to preserve an appearance of , as on open dereliction of it would be instant disgrace . I need not remind the house that lord North sent sir Charles Saunders and admiral keppel to Faulkland Islands , though that expedition unfortunately failed . Indeed party distinctions were almost always from necessity overlooked . But , sir , I can not hear the 359 right hon . gent . stating that the noble lord was free from party violence , without minding the house of one or two circumstances , which demonstrate the existence of party spirit in all its most intolerant and disgusting features . I shall mention one , sir , which fell within my own knowledge , and which will fully illustrate my position . At a period of the late war , when the danger of invasion was supposed to be at the height , when offer a voluntary service were eagerly accepted , a numerous and loyal body of men in Tavistock made a tender of their services . The tender was refused by this self same moderate lord Melville , on the sole ground , for no other could be alleged , that the corps , when raised , was to be commanded by the late duke of Bedford . It may perhaps be imagined , that my feelings at the recollection of the deceased are so strong as to hurry me into some degree of exaggeration ; but I solemnly protest that I am stating the matter precisely as it happened . And yet , sir , we are to hear of lord Melville 's moderation and perfect freedom from all party spirit . There is another circumstance , which also pretty strongly illustrates his lordship 's forbearance and superiority to any of the workings of the angry passions . It is well known that the dean of the faculty of advocates in Edinburgh is generally the most eminent person in the profession , and that it is seldom customary to interfere with him from any political considerations . Yet this mild and moderate lord Melville actually did interfere , and by employing all the influence of government against the hon . Henry Erskine , a gentleman confessedly the most eminent at the Scotch bar , was actually dispossessed of a situation which he had for many years held with the greatest honour and credit . So much , sir , for the boasted liberallity of the noble lord , which we are called on to look to for a motive to influence our decision ! —As to the favour bestowed on two noble lords , on which the right hon . gent . rested so much stress , I entirely agree with my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Grey ) in every one of his observations . The right hon . gent . says , that my two hon . friends must possess more than Spartan virtue to be able to follow that line of accusation against the noble lord which they had pursued . If extraordinary exertions in virtue were required , I do not know any men in whom they would be more readily found than in my hon . friends . But I must beg leave to say , that they are under no obligations to the noble lord for the defence he made of those relations , 360 to whom they were naturally so strongly attached , Sir Charles Grey and sir John Jarvis , were selected for a very difficult service in the West- Indies , which they performed with gallantry . Some misunderstanding , however , arising , they returned , and a charge was preferred against them in this house . If I recollect right , there were three divisions on the subject , when the minority were successively thirteen , fourteen , and seventeen , and this was the formidable phalanx which the noble lord had so much merit in combating . I take it for granted that he believed the charge to be false ; and