severest ordeal that any officer ever had . This would be evident from a reference to the strange accounts that had been made up , as would appear from the letter of the navy board by Mr. Tucker . They had been told in that of criminal prosecutions , and if those should not answer , of the matter being carried into the exchequer . But he contended that the law that ought to have been appealed to was martial law ; that law which had upheld the navy of England . He ought , if supposed guilty , to have been brought to a court martial , rather than to have been made the subject of a paper war . He should have met the court martial with the same fortitude that he had shewn in meeting the scurrilous pamphlet to which he had before alluded , which , from a letter in his possession , that he was almost ashamed to read , he had reason to think had proceeded from a source which ought not to have stooped to such unworthy expedients . The hon . member here read a letter signed John M'Namara , stating , in answer to a question put by him to that gentleman , that he had heard , from the publisher of the pamphlet , that it had come from lord St. Vincent 's 641 board of admiralty . Before he should touch upon the other points , he begged leave to advert to a letter written by the navy board , dated 11th of Feb. 1802 , to capt . Mitchell , composed of exhortations and threats , and affording an extraordinary instance of an attempt to influence the evidence of an interior officer . This letter called on capt . Mitchel seriously to exhort his boatswain to state all he knew , and to inform him , that from the state of his accounts his evidence might have very serious consequences . This was a call upon him to rack his memory . here called the hon . member to order . He had a right , no doubt , to read the passage from the letter , but he did not conceive it orderly to put the meaning into another form of words ; which appeared to him to be rather a comment than a quotation . appealed to any learned member in the house , whether he had put a construction on the words which any court of law would not allow . They called upon an inferior officer to rack his memory for any thing during the course of two years that could be brought against the conduct of his captain . He should not deny , and it was what might happen to any officer , that he might have committed some irregularities ; but he was sure , he had not been guilty of any criminal irregularities , that could call for , or warrant the criminal industry that had been employed to decry his character . The whole transaction had been submitted to the commissioners of naval enquiry , whose conduct had been so ably argued , and so universally applauded in that house , that he should feel a pride in abiding by the issue of their examination of Mr. Lewis , and in their report thereon to the house . The hon . gent . in his opening speech on this subject , had stated , that he would feel as much pleasure as any hon . gent . if the investigation of the business should be favourable to the person who was the object of it . Nothing could so completely exculpate him from the calumnies that had been propagated against him , as a proof that there was no collusion between him and the naval officer alluded to . On this subject he had written a short and pithy letter to the naval commissioners , calling on them to state , whether , even from inference or misrepresentation , it appeared by the examination of Mr. Lewis , that any collusion existed between himself and that officer . They