measure proposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for continuing the commission of naval enquiry , and for appointing others to investigate the other departments of the public expenditure . But , however willing he was to see any measure of this kind promoted , he could not see , without alarm , any disposition on the part of that right hon . gent . to appoint such commissioners . He wished the motion to 407 have originated in some other quarter , and it was not his fault if that notice had not been long ago given for that purpose , and which he now thought there was reason to regret . Indeed , this notice , he understood , was to have been given to-day , had it not been thus anticipated . The right hon . gent . might have as a reason , perhaps , for his acceding to the appointment of a select committee , according to the motion of his hon . friend , that he himself ( Mr. Pitt ) had been implicated in the charges of the tenth report , and was anxious , therefore , that every fair enquiry should be made . The motive , it must be allowed , was extremely honourable ; but till that enquiry was made , he was , in some measure , on his trial , and , therefore , by no means the fittest person to propose the motion for another commission.—But he urged another argument , of still greater weight , against that right hon . gent . 's nominating the committee proposed by his motion , which evidently must arise from the nature of the objects of enquiry . The conduct of the right hon gent . himself , it was evident , would be involved in that enquiry , whether it regarded the various departments of the army , or the management of the exchequer . It was , therefore , a very grave question with him , how far it was admissible for any appointment of that nature to originate in that quarter . The right hon . gent . might think it a popular measure . It was making the most , perhaps , of a case of necessity , and taking the merit of proposing what he could not prevent , but must certainly , at best , be considered as a very forward step . reminded the hon gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) of a former profession he had made , namely , that of being ready to co-operate with his right hon . friend in any measure that had a tendency to promote the object he had in view . His right hon . friend had no design of delaying the enquiry ; he was only of opinion that , if it was the intention of the hon . gent . to move for a legal prosecution , it would be proper to give that motion precedence of the other . The propriety of this arrangement was obvious . For those persons who were to be subjected to legal enquiry , were not to be expected to give any answer before the committee , that might tend to criminate them before a court of justice . Such an arrangement , therefore , would defeat the very end of 408 any legal proceeding , and cramp at the same time the enquiries of the committee , as those persons were the only evidence from whom they were to derive their information . In regard to the amendment proposed by his right hon . friend , he entirely concurred in thinking that the committee ought to be confined to their proper object , and not to interfere in such points as should be judged necessary to be referred to a court of justice . If , therefore , the motion for a legal enquiry were first fixed , and the object or objects of that legal investigation determined , the committee would have the advantage of knowing to what objects they were to confine their exertions , and would be relieved from