who with Sarsfield at their head fought for their hereditary King James against a Dutch invader and his hired battalions . `` —Page 12 , Dublin edition.—Writing of the gallant army which went to Ireland to punish the Irish rebels and murderers of 1641 , he has the following passage : `` You see what misery that army caused her : their tailors , tinkers , smiths , coblers , drummers , and trumpeters , after the slaughter of one hundred thousand persons , obtained various estates and lands amongst us . '' It is to be remarked , that the superior officers of this gallant army thus reviled by Mr. Scully , 867 were the chief instruments in restoring Ireland to the monarchy of England , and that their at this day compose a most considerable part of the Irish nobility and gently—In another place Mr. Scully Calls the Irish parliament a club , and the place of their meeting their club-house . In another payee he gives the following character of the person he styles the first magistrate : `` That he may be liable , like the master of a family , to fits of anger and caprice , and prejudice ; that he may naturally be at times obstinate , ill-humoured , improvident , or even infatuated upon some particular subjects . `` And adverting to the coronation oath , and to his majesty 's scruples on the score of that oath , respecting the demands made by the Irish romanists , he undertakes to apologize for his majesty , and to express his hope that the king will change the opinion which it is generally understood he has entertained . `` It is not , '' says he , `` to he imagined that a quibbling crotchet in an oath will circumscribe the justice of the beneficent father of his people . `` —Can it therefore be imagined that Mr. Scully is a person specially commissioned by the Roman catholics of Ireland to solicit the success of a petition to the representative body of the nation , claiming a right to be put upon an equal footing , in respect to political privileges , with all other his majesty 's subjects , and demanding such boon on the score of their alleged loyalty and attachment to the state ? —The petition contains a long state of what the petitioners allege to be their political , moral , and religious principles , and openly asserts that such principles are not only conformable to their opinions and habits but are expressly inculcated by the religion they profess ; yet this petition is not subscribed even by . one ecclesiastic of that profession . I shall state to this house what I conceive to be the reason that the Romish ecclesiastics have declined to subscribe it . There are two oaths prescribed by the Irish statutes to be administered to romanists ; one , by an act of the Irish parliament in the year 1773 ; the other , by an act of the Irish parliament of the year 1793 . Such romanists as decline to take the oath of the year 1773 , which is nearly the same with the oath prescribed to be administered to the English romanist by the English act of the year 1791 , are not entitled to the benefit of the several Irish laws repealing what is styled the popery code in Ireland ; it is therefore incumbent on all Irish romanists to take the oath of 1773 , to entitle themselves to the 868 benefit of such repeal : but they are not under an equal necessity of taking the oath of 1793 ; for it is merely a qualification-oath , which , if they obtain places under government , or tender their votes at elections for members of parliament , the law requires they should take ; but not otherwise.—The oath of 1773 is an oath of allegiance to the king ; it contains an engagement to disclose all traitorous conspiracies ; abjures the pretender , and the doctrine that no faith is to be kept with heretics , and