adhere to the church of Rome are good catholics , they who adhere to the court of Rome are traitors ; '' and he them quotes Lord Somers as his authority , in which he entirely acquiesces , and acknowledges their innocence in their adherence to the church Rome as distinct from the court—A test , such as I have already mentioned , is formed , abjuring the doctrine of the court of Rome , and reducing their religion to the church of Rome . This test together with a number of other articles , is reduced to an oath , and this-oath is introduced into an act of parliament , and this oath is taken universally . Here again are the opponents to the catholics concluded by their own concessions . By tendering an oath to catholics , they allow oath to be test of sincerity ; by framing that oath under the circumstances , they make it a test of pure catholicism ; and by their own arguments , they pronounce pure catholicism to be innoxious . But the hon . member has gone a little further than pronouncing the innocence of the catholics , he has pronounced the mischievous consequences of the laws that proscribe them ; he has said in so many words that an Irish catholic never is , and never will be faithful to a British protestant 921 king , he does not say every catholic , for then he would include the English catholics and those of Canada ; nor does he say every Irishman must hate the king , for then he would include every protestant in Ireland . The cause of the hatred is not then in the religion nor in the soil—it mut be then in the laws , in something which the protestant does not experience in Ireland , nor the catholics in any country but in Ireland ; that is to say , in the penal code . That code then , according to him , has made the catholics enemies to the king : thus has he acquitted the catholics , and convicted the laws . This is not extraordinary , it is the natural progress of a blind and a great polemic . Such characters begin with a fatal candour , and then precipitate to a fatal extravagance , and are at once undermined by their candour , and exposed by their extravagance : so with the member , he hurries on he knows not where , utters he cares not what , and is equally negligent of the grounds of his assertions , and their necessary inferences . Thus , when he thinks he is establishing his errors , unconsciously and unintentionally he promulgates truth ; or rather , in the very tempest of his speech , Providence seems to govern his lips , so that they shall prove false to his purposes , and bear witness to his refutations . Interpret the gentleman , literally , what blasphemies has he uttered ? He said that the catholic religion , abstracted as it is at present in Ireland from popery , and reduced as it is to mere catholicism , inconsistent with the duties of morality and allegiance , as to be a very great evil . Now , that religion is the christianity of two thirds of all Christendom ; it follows then , according to the learned doctor , that the christian religion is in general a curse . He has added , that his own countrymen are not only depraved by religion , but rendered perverse by nativity ; that is to say , according to him , blasted by their Creator , and damned by their Redeemer . In order , therefore , restore the member to the character of a christian , we must renounce him as art advocate , and acknowledge that he has acquitted the catholics which meant to condemn , and convicted the laws which he meant to defend . But though the truth may be eviscerated from the whole of the member 's statement , it is not to be discerned in the particular parts ;