, i will not cling with a bind attachment to the acts and systems of former ages , though sanctioned by the settlement in favour of the house of Brunswick , and by the blessings resulting from it . I am well aware , that the objects and principles of legislation must change with the times , interests , and exigencies of the day ; but no doubt æises in my mind that the exclusion of the Roman catholics from political power , contributed essentially to our free and happy constitution , and ought still to be maintained for its security . Nothing has happened to di- 827 minish my anxieties for the stability of that mild and true religion , which , by its precepts and influence , is so incorporated with our constitution , that they must stand and fall together . If you admit the catholics to a participation of power , you admit the enemy within your camp . All men have a natural desire to extend the predominance of a religion they believe ; nay more , it is the sacred and prescribed duty of the papist , if he be sincere in his creed , to undermine our church ; for he believes it to be fatal to souls of his professors , and must feel that , in demolishing it , he is rendering a service to his fellow-creatures and to God . It is a fundamental principle of the church of Rome to exercise spiritual dominion over the christian world . The titular bishops , at their ordination , swear `` to defend , enlarge , and extend the authority of the Roman church , and of their lard the pope . '' Their metropolitans in Ireland avow the same obligation , and proclaim , at this hour , in their publications , that the spiritual power of the pope is the same as ever . These doctrines are enforced by the priests . Religion is not similar to the ordinances of human institution , and capable of being qualified and restrained in its energies by law . The Roman catholics love their religion ; its principles are irreconcileable to other persuasions , and its hierarchy is incessantly and indefatigably active , and subject also to the occasional influence of foreign states.—lf this sect should become co-ordinate in power with the reformed religion of the British empire ; if we once admit the theoretical solecism of a protestant monarch and papist councils , we shall find ourselves involved in a religious anarchy.—The petitioners are pleased to assure us that they `` do no seek to encroach upon the revenues of our bishops and clergy . '' Nothing is so false , in principle or in practice , as the notion of giving much , that nothing more may be asked— `` The cruel something unpossess 'd , `` Leavens and poisons all the rest . '' And though the dangers thus described are not imminent , still they are not so chimerical as to induce as to abandon the bulwarks we possess . The bars and bolts of a house may be removed , and yet the house not pillaged ; but every prudent man will keep his bars and bolts . It would be a breach of our parliamentary trust to destroy or abandon the great outwork of that constitution under which we have so long enjoyed such unparalleled blessings.—the petitioners , by a sort of implied menæe , have expressed 828 `` their anxious desire to extinguish all motives of disunion , and all means of exciting discontent . '' If there by any eventual responsibility in this business , it must fall on the heads of those who first agitate a question , of which they must have foreseen the result , if the had only duly adverted to the known opinions of the several branches of the legislature , of the whole body of the Irish protestants , and of the general mass of the British people . I will be guided , and , I trust , a large majority of your lordships also , by a