recollect enough to he enabled to judge of the sincerity of his professions . For need it be told , that from the year 1765 to the year 1782 , lord Holland derived , to his own private profit , an interest of 15,000l . per annum from the use of the public money , as paymaster of the army , and that not one farthing of this money had ever since been paid [ a loud cry of Order , Order ! but still the right hon . gent . proceeded ] . Was not the hon . gent . aware , when he was indulging himself in what he termed speculations , but what was commonly called gambling , that he was squandering the property 609 of the public ? Did he not know that the peculations of lord Holland furnished him with the means of defraying the extravagancies of early life ? [ Here there were strong marks of disapprobation throughout the house . ] The right hon . gent . concluded with observing that he might be thought severe , but if the hon . gent . felt what he said , he had himself to thank by provoking it . —As the right hon . gent . has thought proper to make such a pointed allusion to the conduct of my father , I hope for the indulgence of the house while I submit a few observations . For although a considerable time has elapsed since the death of the person to whom the right hon . gent . alludes , I can not but feel a high interest in any thing that concerns his reputation . What the right hon . gent . could mean by calling him to my recollection in this instance , unless to create an uneasiness in my breast , I am at a loss to imagine . For how does the case of my father apply to that of lord Melville ? The case of lord Holland is as clear as light . There was no law to forbid the paymaster of the army to apply the balances remaining in his hands to any purpose of private emolument , in the way described at the time lord Holland held that office . Taking the fact as it stands , if , as the right hon . gent . alleges , it was criminal in a public officer to make use of the public money for his own private profit , when there was no act of parliament against it , à fortiori , it was still more criminal after the act had passed . The difference between the case of lord Holland and lord Melville is this , that the conduct of the former was not against law , while that of the other was in the very teeth of a law proposed by himself . What then does the right hon . gent . gain by the reference ? That the practice which obtained in the office of the paymaster of the army was generally right , I am not now going to argue . But I do remember , and it must be in the recollection of the house , that at the time the practice was under discussion , very different opinions prevailed among the most eminent lawyers in the country upon this question , whether the paymasters were accountable to the public for the interest arising out of the balances remaining in their hands . I know that the negative of this proposition was maintained by many persons of high consideration , but most certainly the weight of eminence and authority was on the other side . For it was held that the balances were not the property of the 610 public , but that of the public creditors . This question was repeatedly discussed in this house , under various administrations . I will not mention that of the marquis of Rockingham , because that ministry might be supposed to have some regard for me—but it was very fully canvassed during the ad . ministration of lord North , when , indeed , no