, I am not sure that many worthy men may not be found in this house to entertain it ; and , in the event of a division , I am sure the catholic representation would be as a dead weight in the scale , I shall not take up the time of the house in considering all the objections to which , in that particular respect , the motion is liable . I will content myself with proving that it is repugnant to solemn stipulation between Ireland and Great Britain , and in doing that , I shall furnish , I trust , sufficient matter for rejecting it . The stipulation to which I allude is that contained in the fifth article of the act of union , which expressly mentions , that the protestant church is to be the established church of the state . It is said that the measure would put an end to all disaffection , and yet , in the very same breath , gentlemen assert that none exists . I would agree with them it , praises which they have bestowed upon the loyalty of the catholics , and admit that the rebellion in Ireland was not a rebellion of catholics ; and that no greater number of that persuasion were to be found in it than might be expected in a country whose population was in so 942 great a proportion catholic . The conciliation of Ireland is the ostensible reason for bringing forward the measure , but if that be really the question , gentlemen will do well to consider the effect of it , not only upon the catholics , but upon the protestants also . They should consider what would be the alienating operation of the repeal of the fifth article of the union , upon the protestant population of Ireland . I fear the effect of it would be to destroy that tranquillity which the honourable mover of the question seems so anxious to maintain . Even that morality and conscientious regard of their oaths , which is said to be so strongly inculcated by the tenets of the catholic religion , should convince gentlemen , that in a regular , orderly way , they would omit no opportunities of procuring for their religion all possible advantages . It is true that the petitioners have abjured any intention to subvert the protestant religion for the purpose of introducing their own : but do they profess for the whole catholic body ? do they profess for the clergy as well as the laity ; or do they only profess for themselves ? I have looked at the petition , and I can not find the hand of single clergyman of the catholic persuasion affixed to it ; and the reason assigned , as I understand , is , that it is a petition for civil rights , in which they could not participate . The catholic clergy have not abjured the expectation of being restored to all the dignities which were possessed by them previous to the reformation ; and if they had , I should not have thought so well of them as I do . Have they not their bishoprics , their deaneries , and all the gradations which are to be found in the established church ? And knowing this , who can say that they have relinquished all hopes of enjoying the emoluments appertaining to those dignities ? One of their tenets is , and of which any member who goes into a bookseller 's shop may convince himself , that they are bound to pay tithes only to their lawful pastors . Nay , some persons have carried the principle much further . A Mr. M'Kenna , a very able man I will acknowledge , has proposed in a treatise of much learning and ingenuity that thirty or forty acres of land should be purchased in every parish in Ireland , and a house should be built on it for the catholic clergyman . Is not this a plain indication of the extent of their hopes and prospects ? No man can entertain a