a selfish principle which employs itself in weighting interest against duty , but a virtuous principle which weighs one duty with another when they seem to be opposite , and decides which of them , in this place and at this time , is to be fulfilled : a principle not variable with the caprice or interest of a sect , or of the individual , but unchangeably founded upon the eternal basis of truth and justice . The false and wicked deductions drawn by the revolutionary jacobins of France , from the maxim of considering `` the immutable laws of nature and of God as paramount to all subsequent obligations , '' form no argument against the maxim itself ; as in fact the conscientious obligation of every human law must rest upon this eternal and immutable law of nature and of God , or it can rest upon no principle at all . Suppose , for instance , in the case of a man having bound himself by oath to deliver a sword or other destructive weapon to his friend , he should , at the moment when he is about to present it , prudently judge that his friend intends to make a fatal use it , either for his own destruction or that of some other innocent person.— [ The attorney-general across the table , `` I admit that in such a case an oath would not be obligatory . '' ] But I must tell the hon . and learned gent . that this is not a case of my own imagination , but the identical case which Dr. Milner proposed , by way of illustrating his doctrine concerning the prudence to be adopted in considering the obligations of oaths ; to * '' The Case of Conscience solved , or Catholic Emancipation proved to be Compatible with the Coronation Oath ; '' published about four years since , when the difficulty which is understood to agitate the royal mind was first impressed upon it . 983 which so much objection has been made . This is the expediency ( it is his own word in stating the case ) of which Dr. Milner speaks . The misrepresentation , however , does not rest here . There follows in the pamphlet a reference to a passage , where the reverend author before had regularly discussed the whole doctrine of promissory oaths and accurately stated the four cased in which canonists deny their validity . And what are they ? Why , when the object of the oath is unlawful : —when the object obstructs any good evidently greater : —when it is impossible to be obtained : —and , lastly , when it relates to some ridiculous idle thing which tends neither to the honour of God nor to the benefit of man . Now , will the learned member dispute the principle of any of these exceptions ? If he will , I must forewarn him that he will find himself in opposition to some of the brightest luminaries of our church . For bishop Jewell is not the only one who has written huge volumes on that branch of moral science called casuistry , than which , in my judgement , no part of ethics is more important as none is more delicate , though perhaps he is the best man who , where his own good faith and his own interests are concerned , is least ready to have recourse to distinctions in his own favour , and most ready to allow them in estimating the conduct of others towards himself . At present , however , we are to consider the rules themselves and not the application of them ; and the propriety of the general rules on which the exceptions proceed , I do not believe that the learned member himself will controvert . What then ought he not to feel of shame and confusion for the unfounded slander , which he conveyed to the apprehension of a great majority of the house , by a false emphasis laid upon one equivocal word , a marked pause after another of