had stated should be distinctly and minutely inquired into , and each of the reports before the house fully examined . Still , notwithstanding this impression upon his mind , he would leave it to the feelings of the house to take whatever course it mint think proper , but he would not himself press any particular motion . then rose . He animadverted on the several charges which had been advanced by the right hon . gent . who spoke last against the commissioners of naval enquiry . As to the first , which regarded what the right hon . gent . professed to consider the premature publication of any of the subjects referred to in the several reports from this commission—he could not deem it any fair ground of accusation against the commissioners ; for it did not appear that they had designedly given publicity to the rumours referred to . Besides , indeed , whether such things were kept secret or not in the way desired by the right hon . gent . appeared to him to be a matter scarcely worth notice . As to the case of the comptroller of the navy hoard and his alledged misappropriation of the money entrusted to his care , the right hon . gent . seemed to think that if opportunity for explanation had been afforded that comptroller , as well as to lord St. Vincent , much confusion would have been avoided , as appeared in a part of the noble lord 's evidence in the eleventh report . Now , for his part , he saw no such confusion . Even without the explanation recently offered to the house on this point , he really thought that nothing could be clearer from the context of the evidence , and from a fair consideration of Lord St. Vincent 's answers to the two questions which were lately the subject of discussion , than that the noble lord was ignorant of the money matters which formed the gravamen of the charge against the comptroller of the navy . But the right hon . gent . asked why was not this comptroller examined by the commissioners touching this charge , as well as the earl of St. Vincent ? He would tell that right hon . gent . that the comptroller of the navy was examined , and that he defended himself from answering questions under the 5th clause . After having done so , then he would , put it to the right hon . gent . whether , if he himself were one those commissioners , he would propose to examine again him or any man who so acted ? With respect to the statements of the right hon . gent . as to the 574 conduct of this commission in the first report , he must observe , that if those statements were well founded , the navy board seemed to have been very passive under the serious imputations cast upon them . They professed to feel themselves very unjustly accused . The report containing this accusation had lain on the table for nearly two years , since June 1803 , and during that period the commissioners of the navy board acquiesced in suffering the impression against them to circulate . No jealousy as to their character was heard of until within these few days . No inquiry to vindicate their fame was proposed or hinted at . Surely they could have brought forward a motion had they felt so sorely as is now pretended . That there might be some parts of the conduct of those commissioners fairly to be found fault with was very possible . But yet , if they were culpable only in a small degree , that was no reason to be alledged against the motion . If , however , it appeared that they dealt unfairly by the characters of men , that was a serious charge ; and although it might be proper to continue the commission , most certainly the names should be changed . For it doubtless would be absurd to continue those in power whose conduct had