491 of the commissioners report , and which is described by me to he of a nature not fit as yet to be made . the subject of a public report : and I add now , that I not only am ready to give to your lordships the most complete explanation of the transaction ; but I subjoin to this statement and declaration a copy of a letter , which , though subsequent to my examination , vet previous to their making their report , I sent to the commissioners of naval enquiry , tender- 469 ing to give them also every information upon that point , provided they would not make it the subject of a public report ; and which letter , if they had added to their appendix would have shewn that it was not a transaction which I had any wish to keep secret , except so far as the disclosure of it would be detrimental to the public service ; and I do declare , that I believe , if the commissioners had entered into this examination , which I tendered in that letter , that they would have had no difficulty in staring , that the reasons upon which I was desirous to observe this secrecy , were perfectly satisfactory and sufficient . And I do declare , that with respect to the last issue of 30,000l the order for which is dated from the treasury on the 14th March 1801 , it was considered as forming a part of the above transaction , and took place before Mr. Pitt quitted office , although the bills were not actually passed until the 9th April , and therefore this particular issue was not distinguished by me , when I related the circumstance to lord St. Vincent . ( Signed ) A. S. Hamond . Navy Office , 22d April 1805 . '' `` No . 1 . Copy of a letter from Sir A.S. Hamond to Earl St. Vincent , dated Navy Office , 9th March 1804.—My Lord , As I had not the honour of seeing your lordship this morning when I waited upon you at the admiralty , I beg to inclose , for your information , an order I received the 9th of last month from lord Hobart ; and to acquaint your lordship , that in consequence thereof I have forwarded the service therein mentioned as far as it was in my power , and that three ships fitted for the purpose have now sailed down the river to join lord Keith.—I beg further to acquaint your lordship , that I have avoided as much as possible taking any people or stores from his majesty 's dock yards for this service ; but , from the want of exertion of the parties whom I was directed to control , and from the necessity which existed for extraordinary dispatch , I have been obliged to have recourse both to Woolwich and Chatham yards , the particulars of which shall soon he laid before the admiralty . I have the honour to be , my lord , & c. & c . ( Signed ) A. S . Hamond . '' `` No . 2 . Copy of an Order inclosed in Sir Andrew Snape Hamod 's letter of the 9th March 1804 , to the earl of St. Vincent . Downing-street , 9th Feb. 1804 ( Most secret ) — Sir , It being thought ad- 470 visable , under the present circumstances of the war , that an attempt should be made for carrying into execution the project suggested in the inclosed paper for choaking up the entrance into the harbour of Boulogne ; and the success of such an enter-prize depending in a great measure upon the secrecy and dispatch with which the preparations may be made ; I have king 's commands to signify to you his majesty 's pleasure that you do take these preparations under your immediate control , and that you do communicate confidentially with Mr.— supplying him with such funds , and giving him such orders for the purchase of vessels , and providing