In the first report of those commissioners , and which was likewise made in 1780 , 1 perceive that Mr. Fordyce was found to be indebted to the public , at that time , in the sum of 64,000l . and upwards , as receiver general of the land-tax of Scotland . An examination of that gentleman upon oath , taken before the commissioners , as to the means of liquidating that debt , appears in the appendix to that report ; and Mr. Fordyce there refers to the most positive and precise stipulations , as having been entered into by him with the lords of the treasury , for the accomplishing that object . He states , that he had agreed to pay off 30,000l . before the then next Lady-day ; 10,000l . before the 10th of the next month after ; and that as to the remaining 24,000l . owing to particular circumstances , Mr. Fordyce states , he had obtained the indulgence from the lords of the treasury to pay that sum by instalments of 5000l . per annum . This , sir , was in the year 1780 . The next mention I find of Mr. Fordyce is in the 8th 49 report of the finance committee in 1797 ; that committee , the house likewise knows , was appointed for the purpose of examining abuses in the expenditure of public money ; and it certainly does appear a most extraordinary circumstance , that , after the report of the commissioners in 1780 , that I have before mentioned , after all the engagements on the part of Mr. Fordyce I have before referred to , and after a period of 17 years to fulfil those engagements in , it does , I say , appear a most extraordinary thing , that Mr. Fordyce 's balance to the public should make the prominent feature of complaint it does in that report of the committee of finance . It appears from that report , that although Mr. Fordyce was so much in arrear in 1780 , he was nevertheless continued in his office of receiver general until 1783 ; and when , instead of his former engagements being fulfilled , and his former balance reduced , his debt at that time to the public amounted to upwards of 90,000l . At this period , in 1783 , it appears he was dismissed ; and the report proceeds to state , that from that period ( in 1783 ) to the then present time , ( in 1797 ) the whole of that arrear of 90,000l . with the exception of 700l . only paid in July 1797 , had remained a debt due from Mr. Fordyce to the public , for which no interest whatever had been received . I find , sir , from the appendix to that report , that Mr. Fordyce upon this occasion , as upon the former one , appeared again before the committee , and again referred them to new engagements entered into by him with the lords of the treasury , for the payment of at least 4,000l . annually , and to a variety of securities , that were to produce the speedy liquidation of this debt ; and I particularly beg to call the attention of the house to one statement made in the appendix to that report . It is stated , that in 1783 Mr. Fordyce 's property was all assigned to trustees for the lords of the treasury as a security for the debt , but that it had at the same time been agreed , that Mr. Fordyce should retain the possession and management of his estate , subject to the direction and controul of the lords of the treasury , and lord advocate of Scotland . This , no doubt , sir , was meant as a beneficial arrangement for the public ; that the skill and management of Mr. Fordyce might make his property more productive than it would be in the hands of the trustees ; the experience , however , sir , of two and twenty years , must