was one among them of an ambiguous meaning ; it was not the word sorrow , but regret ; so that it reminded him of a story , wherein a person who had been guilty of a crime and apprehended for it , being called upon to make his apology , said he was sorry , not for the act , but for his being taken . But whatever course was taken , the house would take care of its character , and that if the present petition was withdrawn , the house did not enter into any compromise with the petitioner as to what sort of petition he was to be at liberty to present . He did not think that the dignity of the house should be engaged in discussing what petition would he right , but it was sufficient to say that the present was not so . Supposing the house to be of that opinion , he wished it to be understood , that if the present petition was not received , it was because it was not in that stile of expression which ought to be presented to the house of commons in behalf of a person who had offended its dignity . The present petition appeared to him to be deficient in the temper and view of it , for it was apparently preferring one part of its members to others . He would suppose that a person came to receive the sentence of a court of justice , and that he were to present a petition to the 556 judges , and suppose he were to endeavour to set one part of the bench against the other , and that , instead of intreating the lenity of the whole court , lie had endeavoured to foment a quarrel among the judges ; such a person , he apprehended , would not be considered as having thereby done any thing tending to mitigation of punishment . On the whole of this matter , he did really think it such as he had already stated it to be . It was a case in which the petitioner ought to make an apology , but he confessed he was not for a very humble apology ; merely a gentlemanly apology , but that such apology should be made to the whole house of commons , and not to one side of the house , which he could not help considering to be the case in the present instance . said , that with the opinions of the hon . gent . behind him ( Mr. Wilberfore ) he entirely concurred , and with those of the noble lord sitting below him likewise , for he concurred in the sentiment , that the apology ought to he offered , not to one side of the house , but to the whole house . He concurred in the observation , that whenever a libel was published on the house of commons , it was not one side of it only that ought to be offended , but the whole house ought to be so , and most undoubtedly was so . In such case the dignity of the whole house ought to be vindicated ; and if any petitioner had endeavoured to make his escape from the indignation of the house by conciliating one part of it instead of the whole house—if he endeavoured to shelter himself by any such attempt , the judgment of the house would only be the more severe against him . But he had been accustomed , when he heard an argument on any document , to look at the document itself , instead of taking the contents of it from the description of another , before he drew any conclusion from it ; in other words , he chose to examine the premises before he drew any conclusion because if the premises were not true , the conclusion was not likely to be correct.—Now his hon . friend behind him ( if he was allowed to give him that name ) had observed that the apology ought to have extended to the