signalized his prowess in fighting the battles of his country . That noble lord , however , not satisfied with combating and subduing her enemies abroad , returned home to overturn her domestic foes , by exploding those mines of corruption which rendered all advantages of victory fruitless and unavailing . The commissioners thus constituted have already made a variety of reports , though I am sorry to say that on few have any proceedings hitherto be en founded . I certainly do take some degree of merit to myself for having moved for certain papers calculated to elucidate the first report , and was then given to understand that a commission had been appointed to carry into effect such suggestions in the report as appeared likely to be adopted with advantage . What progress has been made by this commission does not hitherto appear , though at a future time I may feel it my duty to bring the matter again under the consideration of the house . But to return to the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry , I think it clearly demonstrated , that if they had greater difficulties to encounter than any former commission suffered ; if they have been attacked in a manner contrary to all decency by the whole host of jobbers and depredators , whose villainies it was their object to expose ; if they have been described as exercising the office of inquisitors rather than of commissioners ; if their views have been vilified not only in this house but throughout the public at large ; if every possible obstacle has been thrown in the way of their investigations ; if every thing , in short , has been done to disgust them , and make them relinquish the great task entrusted to them by this house ; and if , overlooking all these considerations , they have thought only of discharging their duty to their country , it will not surely be denied that their merit has , been greatly enhanced , that they are entitled to the warmest gratitude of the best interests of this empire . By their firmness and their perseverance they have discovered what eluded the most diligent inquiries of various commissions appointed for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of various abuses in the public expenditure , what all the vigilance of committees of this house could not fully bring to light . The commissioners having thus done their duty to the public , it falls to my lot to bring to justice the criminals whom they have exposed . It is needless for me to insist on 257 the importance of the subject on which I am now addressing you . It is important to the high person whom the propositions with which I shall conclude principally involve . It is important to the very salvation and existence of our country . It is important to the commissioners who have brought forward this most interesting report . If the house decide , as it appears to me that they are in duty bound , and as it strikes me it is almost impossible for them not to decide , it will prove that no person guilty of so flagrant a violation of an express act of parliament , as that contained in the tenth report , that no individual strongly suspected of conniving at such unwarrantable application of the public money , or receiving any advantage from this misapplication , however high Ins rank or extensive his influence , shall escape with impunity . The public will look with reverence to ours decisions ; they will be convinced that a door is opened for the introduction of regularity and economy in our public expenditure , and that if our burthens are extreme , their produce will at least be applied to the purposes for which parliament intended them . If , on the contrary , our decision should be contrary to these just hopes and expectations ; if we shall , in defiance of the report on our table , pronounce the noble lord not guilty , then indeed tile people will have serious cause for