house then divided : —Ayes 63 ; Noes 40 . Majority for the committee 23.—Adjourned . The order of the day having been read for resuming the adjourned debate on the Roman Catholic Petition , rose.—The emancipation of the Irish ; Roman catholics was a measure , his lordship was of opinion , which must sooner or later be adopted , and therefore he wished their lordships at once generously and nobly to grant the prayer of the petition . Objections had been made to this as a proper time for such a measure ; but no time , his lordship contended , could be more proper than the present . It was indeed a critical time , a time when they knew not how soon the enemy might land on their shores ; but it was only for that reason the more necessary that the whole strength and population of the empire should be united , and no means could be more effectual for this purpose , he thought , than to conciliate the Roman Catholics of Ireland by a just , a wise , and moderate policy . The concessions that had already been made them , it had been argued , had only been productive of evil , and had led to the present high de- 743 mands ; but those concessions , on the contrary , he contended , had done good , and from the present , therefore , as necessary to complete the good effects of the former , the greatest advantages might be expected . His lordship then made some animadversions on the speech of the noble secretary ( lord Hawkesbury ) on the former night , and vindicated the conduct of the noble baron who was the author of the motion . If ever he had heard a great constitutional question argued with that cool and temperate moderation which became its importance , it was on that occasion by the noble baron . If the noble lord had said that such a measure as that prayed for in the petition would ultimately prevail , he could only mean that reason and an enlightened policy , would ultimately triumph over those little prejudices that were the greatest obstacles to the measure ; a sentiment he thought which could not easily have been misunderstood , and in which he readily and sincerely concurred . The noble early farther contended that they owed the Roman catholics of Ireland the prayer of their petition , as a matter of justice as well as of expediency , because it had been held out to them as an inducement to their union with this country , and the expectation of which had contributed in so great a degree , to the accomplishment of that object , that it was probable that , without such expectation , that event would not have taken place . a noble lord ( lord Hawkesbury ) had laid it down as a principle that this petition ought never to be granted . He thought this very imprudent declaration , as well as highly degrading to the Irish character , particularly as our army and navy were so much indebted to Ireland for their supply . The noble lord had declared , that he had no confidence in their principles , and was afraid of the bad consequences that would ensue from the hostility of their religion to the civil rights of the country . But he wished noble lords to recollect , that many of out best rights had originated under Roman catholics , and when that religion was the religion of the country ; and as a proof that difference in religion was not so incompatible with the duties and relations of citizens , he could not help reminding their lordships , that even in Roman catholic countries , protestants were sometimes employed by the government and permitted to hold offices of trust . The ablest minister and the greatest soldier that France could ever boast of were both protestants , and no bad consequences were found to ensue from that circumstance . He denied that the late rebel- 744 lions were