late a commissioner of the navy board , stating that a letter of the navy board to the admiralty , on the subject of the report of the navy board relative to sir Home Popham , prepared by Mr. Tucker , contained many gross , false , and scandalous charges against him , which were not communicated to him by the admiralty or the navy board , and from which he prayed an opportunity of clearing himself.—On the motion of Mr. Kinnaird , it was ordered that there be laid before the house , a copy of Mr. Tucker 's letter to the admiralty on this subject.—Sir A. S. Hammond gave notice that he would to-morrow move for certain papers connected with the 11th report of the commissioners of naval enquiry . presented the following petition agreed to by the electors of Southwark , in common hall assembled : `` To the honourable the Commons of Gt . Britain and Ireland , in parliament assembled . We , the undersigned , electors of the borough of Southwark , in the county of Surry , beg leave to congratulate your honourable house , upon the result , so glorious to the character of parliament , of the discussions which have taken place in your honourable house on the 8th and 10th days of this inst . April , respecting the gross malversations in certain branches of the executive government , which have been disclosed in the Tenth Report of the commissioners of naval enquiry . We pray your honourable house to follow up that virtuous line of conduct , which , upon the two days before 377 named , have diffused such signal satisfaction through the whole country . We entreat you to sift to the bottom the mass of abuses which the aforesaid commissioners have traced and exposed . We beseech you to renew , without loss of time , and to extend , if necessary , the powers so faithfully executed , of those commissioners . We implore your honourable house to pull down guilt , however protected ; to save from rapacity , from peculation , and fraud , a people who contribute cheerfully to the real wants of the state , and who never complain but when their generous temper is abused and imposed upon : so shall the commons of England take the most efficient course possible to vindicate the sullied honour of the government ; to confirm the public confidence , and to plant in all good hearts the most unfeigned admiration of the British constitution . '' presented a petition from the lord mayor , aldermen , and livery of the city of London in common hall assembled , setting forth , `` That the petitioners have uniformly concurred in and supported such measures as have appeared conducive to the safety and welfare of his majesty 's dominions , and have cheerfully submitted to the most unexampled burthens , under a confidence that the resources of the country were faithfully and honestly administered ; and that they learn , with the utmost concern and astonishment , from the reports of the commissioners for naval enquiry , now before the house , that the right hon . Henry Dundas viscount Melville , late treasurer of his majesty 's navy , has been guilty of a gross violation of the law and a high breach of duty , whereby immense sums of the public money have been perverted to private emolument ; and that they conceive it to be a high aggravation of such offence , that these disgraceful transactions were carried on during a period of unprecedented difficulty , when the very existence of the country was said to be at stake ; and that the person so abusing his trust , so violating the law , was in the enjoyment of several high and lucrative offices , and ever among the foremost in laying additional burthens upon the people , and calling upon them to submit to the most painful privations ; and that they are duly impressed with a high sense of the virtue , integrity , and firmness of the house ,