that I do not think that , by granting the prayer of this petition to its fullest extent , you will advance one single step towards the tranquillisation of Ireland . His lordship will not , I am sure , contend that it is necessary to bribe the catholic noblemen and gentlemen into loyalty , and as to the common people , I am persuaded it would not gain over a single peasant now tainted with disloyalty , and ready , at a moment , to join a French invader . No , my lords , seats in parliament and admission to the highest offices in the state form no part of the wishes of the Irish peasantry ; were you to talk to them on the subject , they would not understand you . If you wish to conciliate those now inclined to join the French , I will tell you what you must do ; you are the best judges whether you are willing to pay so high a price for their allegiance . Are you ready to sacrifice the national church by giving up the means by which it is subsisted ? Are you ready to sink your revenue , by giving up all taxes upon spi- 725 rituous liquors ? and , last of all , are you ready to sacrifice the whole protestant and respectable catholic property of the country , by the abolition of rents , and the perpetual grant of their farms , to the present occupants ? Such are the terms , I know , have been lately offered to the Irish peasantry by French emissaries , and if you mean to bid against them with any chance of success , you must not be outdone in the magnificence of your offers.—But the noble baron says , refuse the request of the petitioners , and you give a handle to the disaffected to work on the passions of the multitude . I agree with the noble baron , it will do so ; and this , my lords , is the great objection to the stirring the present subject . If granted , it will not obtain your object , namely , the tranquillity of Ireland ; if refused , it may and probably will do much mischief . The bringing forward the petition can do no good ; it may do much harm . What is the reason of bringing forward the petition at this moment ? Why did not the noble lord bring it forward in 1801 ? I give him credit for not doing so ; the country was in danger ; it was no time to agitate a question that might create divisions and animosities . Why , if essential to the well-being of the state , was it not brought forward during the interval of peace ? Will it be answered that the public opinion was then against it ? Has that opinion since changed ? I firmly believe it still remains unaltered.—The noble lord says , the rebellion of 1798 was not a catholic rebellion , and therefore no impediment to the concession demanded . I have not heard any one state that rebellion to have been a catholic rebellion ; many of its leaders were protestants , or professed to be so . The present general of division in the service of his imperial and royal majesty the emperor of France and king of Italy , was ordained a deacon of the established church of Ireland by the father of the individual who has now the honour to address you . Others , like Emmett , were professed protestants , but were real disciples of the modern French school both in religion and in politics . I had the honour to be one of the secret committee of the house of lords of Ireland , before which those gentlemen made their confessions of treason . When asked , whether the establishment of the catholic religion was one of their principal objects ; they smiled and said , that such an idea never once entered into their heads ; that they certainly 726 made use of