former principles and practice could not possibly be exhibited . It was certainly a departure from his former system only in part , for with a happy variety , it contained in it what , in the sporting , language was called `` a hedge , '' the effect of which was , that there was a chance the right hon . gent . would at all events win . Here the hon . gent . adverted to the extent to which the militia system had been from time to time carried . The English militia was increased by the addition of the supplementary ; then the Scotch militia was added , and afterwards the Irish . The building was elevated by heaping Pelion upon Ossa , story on story , till it was impossible to go further . The right hon . gent was at that time in the militia line , he afterwards opened shop for the abolition of the ballot ; He had , however , stuck to the old trade till it failed ; he kept close to the ballot till its death , and he cried out its last speech in the introduction of his parish bill—this parish beauty , in coarse russet clad ; of whom he was so violently enamoured . The ballot had not been given up till late . It had been given up , however ; it was found that it increased the bounty , and that , by it means , men were not to be had for general service . Then the right hon . gent . set out with a general declamation against the ballot , which he at length found out was very injurious to the service . The abolition of the ballot was one step towards that negative system , which he and his 125 hon . friends had recommended . When being asked for their plan , they said it consisted merely in getting rid of all the impediments that checked the simple recruiting . TO remove an evil was certainly the first step towards effecting good ; but the right hon . gent . 's change had not this effect . Two negatives , it was said , made an affirmative ; but the right hon . gent . 's second proceeding was but a further departure from his former principles and practice . His parish bill went to abolish the ballot , or at least to remove it to a considerable distance . But if that took it away , this measure gave it back . Because the parish bill removed it to too great a distance , this brought it near , so as to enable him more easily to come at it . These observations , he confessed , went more to the author of the measure , than to the measure itself ; but though measures were to be judged of in themselves , yet a part of their credit was connected with the personal character of those from whom they proceeded , and therefore what he had said on this head was not improper nor irrelevant . The right hon . gent . had argued , that he and those who were of opinion with him that the regular force was too small , and the Militia too large , ought to support this measure . Certainly , it would not be inconsistent in them to support it , but they were not therefore necessarily to do so . Though they argued that the militia should be reduced , and the regular army augmented , they were not therefore bound to approve all means whatsoever proposed for carrying those objects into effect . His objection to this measure was , that it did not produce advantage to the regulars in proportion as it did injury to the militia . The only difference was , that the number of men transferred would be applied to more advantageous service . He allowed the service was more advantageous ; but it was not trained men that the army wanted , and he put it to the regular officers , whether they