number of livings from one half to three-fourths of the number of fellows in the respective colleges . Nor did he object to other regulations being made , upon the same principle , such as augmenting the value of the present livings , & c. ; but he was hostile to all innovations , which did not proveably proceed upon sure and certain grounds . A more liberal provision made for those meritorious persons , could , he thought , he obtained without having recourse to a sweeping repeal of all limitation whatever . Adverting to the present state of church livings in general , and the duties of parochial ministers , his lordship thought the augmentation of the value of small livings would be highly beneficial , as well as the erection of more churches in the populous parts of the country , and in great towns , in many parts of the metropolis , in particular . With respect to the subject of the bill in question , he contended their lordships had by no means sufficient information to proceed upon . He saw no immediate necessity for proceeding with the measure . Time , certainly , should be given for further enquiry . If , however , it should be the general sense of the house , that the bill shall speedily be committed , he hoped what he had suggested , in the way of detailed regulation , would be seriously considered by their lordships ; such as , that the extent of the increased proportion of livings should not be suffered to exceed three-fourths , and the smaller livings augmented . Under his present views of the question , what he should propose was , that the bill should be postponed until next session , for the purposes he had mentioned . He would , 451 therefore , propose to amend the question regularly before the house , by omitting the word `` now , '' and inserting `` this day 3 months . `` —On the question being put , The Bishop of Oxford rose , and argued generally in support of the measure . He Contended that the proportion in which the restraint stood , by the existing law , was fallacious in the extreme . The knowledge Which their lordships had of the subject Was sufficient for them to proceed upon . There was nothing in the bill , to interfere with the augmentation of the value of the smaller livings ; the erection of churches , or a more suitable pension for the officiating clergy . With respect to the idea , that no practical inconvenience had hitherto resulted from the restraint ; there was no necessity of direct proof of it before the house ; it was every day , and injuriously felt . An appeal to the colleges would soon convince on that head , particularly that of which the noble and learned lord was a member ; abundant proofs of that could be found . He must , therefore , deprecate any further postponement of the discussion . observed , that he conceived the principal objections of the noble viscount to the bill , to be , first , an apprehension , that , were the existing restraint removed , the succession to the university livings would be too rapid ; and , secondly , that it would tend to deprive the laity of too great a degree of that portion of patronage , which he conceived to be at present so beneficially vested in them . With respect to the first objection , his grace observed , he conceived the state of the funds of the universities would operate as a sufficient check to any thing which might be feared , if too rapid . With respect to the present state of the patronage of ecclesiastical livings , he should be extremely sorry to see it taken away from numbers of those who at present enjoyed it , and who so beneficially dispensed it , particularly members of that noble house . But there was another description of patronage , which , they must all feel ,