the depreciation of either could have only a nominal effect on the course of exchange . The remittance of so large a sum as four millions and a half , would have had the effect of lowering the exchange , even if the operation of the Irish treasury had not taken place . The ground of the noble lord 's charge of a loss to the public , appeared to rest on a supposition , that the rate of actual exchange would have continued the whole time at 13 per cent . ; but was it to be supposed the Irish treasury could have procured purchasers at 13 per cent . when they had failed at 11½ ? for these reasons he thought that no ground had been laid for the noble lord 's motion . was glad to hear the right , hon . gent . allowing that an excessive issue caused a depreciation , and that the house was never again to hear the fantastical opinion that paper was not depreciated , but the value of gold raised , as well as that these evils proceeded exclusively from the restriction on the Bank , As long as the Bank paid in specie , there had been no excess , because in that case the issue carried its own remedy with it , being payable in specie . The question here was , that the new method had produced an effect which the the old method never had . 'Whether the loss to the public was to the extent of the difference between 11½ and 13 per cent . it was impossible to tell now , but he thought sufficient ground had been laid for the proposition of his noble friend . said , that having been a member of the committee upon Irish affairs , and having attended carefully to the evidence they produced , he had some good reasons to suspect the committee to have been mistaken , in having ascribed the depreciation of Irish notes to the over issuing of paper by the Bank . The issues of the Bank of Ireland were ascertained and well known ; but it was the less surprising , that the paper of that company should be depreciated at home 71 home , when even the paper of the Bank of England experienced in that country a depreciation of 3½ . per cent . also considered the depreciation to be owing to circumstances altogether unconnected with the Bank of Ireland ; for the private Bankers , even about Dublin , actually circulated notes beyond the issue of the national Bank ; which , being by one of its bye-laws obliged to discount mercantile bills at one per cent . below the legal interest , gave to other Banks a great advantage over it . expressed himself favourable to the motion , on the ground that the lords of the treasury in Ireland , by the mode they adopted in this instance , did not obtain terms for the public , which they might have done , even under the circumstance of the times . Much was certainly lost by the generally credited report , that the exchange of the two countries was to be reduced to par , and the report not having been contradicted by the Government , which was perfectly well acquainted with its existence , and its procedure deterred the merchants from coming forward on the occasion . in explanation , observed , that the committee of last year , so frequently alluded to , had disapproved of the old mode of draining hills at par upon England . The method which they seemed to point out , of having recourse to the assistance of the Bank of Ireland , had been resorted to ; but they having declined all interference , the lords of the treasure , unwilling to return to the mode condemned by the committee , found themselves , by necessity , compelled to recur to a new method of their own . observed that , though the right hon . gent . said he had but one alternative left , either to return