instance of such support as they gave to the union . The union , however , was still going on ; but while it was uncertain which way it would go , the catholics at last broke through their silence , and one of their select committee came with a message to some of the gentlemen who conducted the opposition to the union , which Message in substance , and he believed in words , was this , `` if you , gentlemen , will now join us in insisting on our emancipation , we will join you in opposing the union . '' Those gentlemen thought it best to decline this overture , and this is the second Instance of the support which the catholics gave to the union . But the next session of parliament was now approaching , and this great measure of the union had now been so much considered , that addresses in its favour came from every county in the kingdom . Among the signatures of the protestants to these addresses , appeared the signatures of Many catholics ; catholic noble-Men , and catholic clergy , and some catholic individuals sent addresses from themselves . But , was there any address in favour of this measure from the catholic body ? No ! Was there any address from the select committee ? No ! Was there any summons , notice , or advertisement for any public meeting under any denomination , where the influence of respectable catholics , individually or collectively , might have been of use in promoting the union passed into a law in parliament , and this was the third and the last instance of that support which is boasted to have been given by the catholics to the union . How far , on this ground , their claims could be entitled to success , he would leave the house to judge— He said , there were other grounds , on which at another time , those claims might appear more probable to succeed : for , recollecting the concessions which were made to them in the year 1793 , and at the express recommendation of government , in which he had concurred with many gentleman then present ; recollecting that they had pledged themselves in an address almost unanimous to the crown , that they would consider on such measures as should tend to unite in sentiment all descriptions of his majesty 's subjects ; recollecting , that to carry this purpose into effect , how much there was still to do , he thought the catholics had good cause to expect that more would be done . He said it might be wise to make 1030 concession gradual ; because , all which is right , can not always be done at once . He said , the embarrassment of the question was not what more was to be done , but that at present we could do nothing ; that in this point of view , the catholics had a good cause badly conducted . A cause which the protestants had contributed to make good , and which the catholics had conducted badly . By this he did not mean that the catholics were bad subjects , for he believed them to be loyal ; nor that they were bad men , for he believed them as good as the protestants ; nor that this was as bad petition , for it was very well and respectfully worded ; nor yet that their cause was badly conducted by being placed in the hands of the honourable gentleman opposite . He said , that when the catholics were once determined to apply to that house at that time , which was all the badness of conduct which he meant to mention , and when the king 's minister had declined to interfere , there certainly was no interference more powerful or proper for their purpose than that which they had solicited from the hon . gentleman , who , he said , was so much distinguished every where as a friend to religious and civil liberty , whose