declaration of parliament , such as the hon , mover has brought forward , made at this time just as the noble marquis was about to sail for India , would be a token to the native powers that we wished , and intended an abrogation of the present system , and could not fail Of being attended with the most beneficial effects . He would therefore vote fur the original motion . differed altogether from the two hon . gent . who had spoken last . The treaty of Bassein had been founded on consummate policy , and did great honour to the noble marquis , whose principal object was to prevent the Mahrattas from being united under one head . The hon . bart . proceeded to review the circumstances which led to that treaty . If Scindeah and Holkar had not been divided at Poonah , the consequence would have been the consolidation of their several great powers , and we should have had them both joined against us . The Mah- 247 rattas had always had it in contemplation , ever since the death of Sujat . UI Dowla , to extirpate the English from India . Madajee Scindeah had the same , and he thought the marquis Wellesley had the highest degree of merit , in being able to frustrate their machinations , and by attacking them separately , preventing those mischievous consequences which a combination of their powers could not fail to produce . From the character of the noble marquis , if he could have preserved peace consistently with the interests of the company , he was certain he would have done it . It had been the favourite design of the Mahrattas , for upwards of twenty years , to extirpate-the English from India , and for this express purpose they had been at a very great expence in improving their tactics and engaging in their service as many Europeans as possible . He was decidedly against the original motion . spoke in favour of the original motion . He said , that the moment they entered into a treaty with the Peishwah , they must expect a war with the Mahrattas . He had been resident in the country of the Rajah of Berar , and there the Peishwah was not allowed to be the supreme chief over the other feudatory chiefs . Scindeah and Holkar could never be expected to agree to the treaty , and he thought , therefore , it was very impolitic to enter upon it . The war was very expensive , and he was afraid would be productive of considerable mischief to the company 's affairs . thought the house indebted to the perseverance of the hon . member in calling their attention to so important a subject , and expressed his approbation of the magnanimous conduct of those official gentlemen , who , disregarding the restraint of office , so candidly and honourably avowed their sentiments . He trusted , as the attention of the house seemed now directed to the subject , they would not give it up till they had fully investigated the manner in which the affairs of our Indian dependencies had been administered . On the present occasion , however , when a noble marquis was on the eve of setting off for India , to take on him the supreme command and government of the country , he did not wish such a declaration as that moved for by the hon . gent . should be voted by the house , as he was afraid it would be the means of fettering and bind- 248 ing up his hands , at a time when he ought to be left at full liberty to act in such manner as to himself should seem most proper . He should therefore vote for the previous question . warmly approved of the original motion . He was of opinion , that the system now acted upon with regard to India ought to be changed , and that we should act on principles and indications of moderation and forbearance , and not in the