well as personal properly will , in a slow but certain progression , creep to that class of the population which is the most numerous . From the foregoing observations it is a just conclusion , that in a very short time , if this measure is effected , 896 eighty at least out of the hundred Irish representatives will be romanists ; and it is fair to conjecture , that twenty or more romanists will obtain seats in the imperial commons for English boroughs , as the whole Romish faction throughout the empire will exert their powers to strengthen their party in parliament ; and some Romish peers will sit in the upper house . The romanists will certainly act in parliament as one body ; their union , cemented by religious principle , and the interest of their sect , will smother every seed of dissension among them : all allurement of individual interest will fail of effect , when put in competition with the interests of their religion ; their bigotry will bind them together in adamantine bonds ; and what their conduct in the supreme legislative council of the empire will be , it is not hard to divine.—The first measure they will unanimously propose , and with unremitting efforts pursue and support , will be the repeal of-so much of the Irish act of 1793 , conferring on them the elective franchise , as continues the disability of romanists without taking the oaths , to fill about thirty or forty of the great offices of the state , in the departments of which is lodged the executive power of the government . By the incessant intrigues in Ireland of the English ministry , the test and corporation acts had been repealed in that part of the empire previous to the union , with the exception of the above mentioned great offices of the state : these are the offices of lord lieutenant , of lord chancellor of the twelve judges , of the commander in chief of the army , of the king 's counsel , of sheriffs , and a few others . If the minister of the day , at a future critical period , should oppose , or decline to support such a measure , the whole corps will immediately join the opposition ; and the opposition , to secure the assistance of such numerous auxiliaries , will heartily fraternize with them . In many cases of national distress and difficulty , the ablest minister , though adverse to their claims , will be unable to stem the torrent ; and the part of the test and corporation acts , yet in force in Ireland will not survive the admission of romanists into parliament for many sessions . When the capability of romanists of filling these great offices in Ireland is once established , will it be practicable to exclude them from occupying them ? Certainly it will not . Their dissatisfaction at such exclusion would be greater than at their-former disqualification . The great majority of the Irish representatives in the imperial parliament being romanists , aided by the English romanists , and indissolubly connected , would 897 wring from the minister the whole civil patronage in Ireland , and secure all the offices there for their own sect : in fact , the civil establishment in Ireland would become completely Romish.—Would the Romish representatives in parliament then contented ? Would their clergy in Ireland , and the mass of their persuasion , acquiesce without murmur in the enjoyment of the ecclesiastical revenues in lands and tithes by the protestant clergy ? Would they not immediately grasp at them ? If the whole executive power of the state there be committed to romanists ; if the lord lieutenant , the lord chancellor , the judges , sheriffs , and all the administrators of the law in that nation should be romanists ; who would warrant the enjoyment of the ecclesiastical revenues there to the protestant clergy , or maintain their possession of them ? The minister himself would not be able to secure the laws entitling the protestant clergy to these