inexpedient to relax any of those laws which have been enacted for the security of the establishments of the country . The noble lord has stated , that he could not see any thing in the present times which could render it inexpedient to grant the prayer of the petition . As to this point , my lords , I view the subject very differently from the noble lord ; I consider the circumstances to be so materially changed since the years 1800 and 1801 , as to absolve from inconsistency any person who might have been disposed to support the measure at that period , and who may nevertheless be determined to oppose it in the present instance . The French revolution , as I have already stated to you , was founded in part on atheism ; It was calculated to occasion new and great dangers to Europe ; the cause of civil society was at that time naturally and justly considered to be the cause of all religions , against those who had none . The circumstances of the moment induced many persons to feel an indifference respecting he subject of all former contests . To a certain degree , this change in our policy might be not only natural , but wise : —but , as it repeatedly happens , in our exertions to avert the present danger , we were not at all times sufficiently considerate of the past , nor so attentive we ought to have been to the future . However this may be , we have witnessed a greet change in Europe within the last four years ; —the extreme of democracy has given place , as in the end it naturally must , to the most arbitrary power which was ever erected in any country ; and the person possessing that power , has judged it prudent to reconcile himself to the pope , and to the church of Rome , as a support and assistance to his authority . Whoever considers the extent of the power of France at the present moment ; whoever reflects , that almost all catholic Europe , with the exception of the dominions of Austria , is in subjection to France ; whoever contemplates the absolute dependence of the pope on the will of France , and , what never happened in any former period , that there is at pre- 683 sent no counter balance whatever at Rome to the influence of that power ; whoever gives due weight to the considerations arising out of the nature of the connection subsisting between the catholics of Ireland and the pope , and will attend to the circumstance that the catholic church of Ireland is under the controul and superintendance of a college of cardinals at Rome ; must be convinced , that there never was a moment more unfavourable for augmenting their political power . On every sound principle of reasoning , this could not be considered as a proper time for bringing forward such a claim . Those who do not agree with me in objection to the measure on principle , should nevertheless wait for the result of the contest in which we are engaged ; they should feel that this was the time , of all others , when it would be peculiarly hazardous to part with any share of that power which , once parted with , it might never be possible to resume , and which , if abused , it might be beyond our own power to remedy . I come now to the consideration of the practical advantages which would be likely to arise from these measures ; and I can not but feel , that we are called upon to sacrifice our laws for a benefit to a few individuals , but which would be likely to afford no advantage whatever to the great mass of the catholic population of Ireland . Every thing in that country has already been conceded to the catholics , which can interest the great body of the people . They enjoy the right of admission into all offices , civil and