then , as coming from him : and , first of all , in point of time , with regard to myself—I have no defence to make —for I say , let my conduct in bringing the question forward be attended with whatever imputation it may , I an ready to say there is no time of my life when , if any set of men applied to me to support a petition in favour of religious liberty , I should not have complied with the requisition . With regard to what has fallen from an hon . bart . ( sir G. Hill ) on the subject of this being a party question , I can only say , that if his opinion was to be followed , and we were to consider every thing as a '' party trick , '' as he is pleased to call it , because we did not expect that it would be attended with success , we should render the constitution of this country some what singular , and certainly the whole tenour of my life would have been contrary to the opinion of that hon . gent . With respect to the time , I say , I should at any time have presented this petition , for I always considered that every man had a right to the free enjoyment of his religious liberty , subject to what may arise from considerations of public safety . As I do not believe there ever has been any possible injury to the public safety , by extending religious liberty to those who ask it , I must of necessity think it right to extend it to the catholics . As to the time , with respect to those who have signed the petition , the objection founded on their omitting to have it brought forward before , is most extraordinary ; for it is admitted , that in the way the measure of union was argued and defende the catholic had , without a positive pledge , some reasonable 1047 ground to hope that their petition , or the matter of their petition , would be granted . This is not all . Those who were most averse to the catholic claims argued it in a way not like the right hon . gent . opposite , who appeared to me to think that the union would pave the way for the grant of the catholic claims , that it took away the only difficulty which belonged to the discussion of the question , and that , when the union was completed , it would be in the view of many , more safe to grant their claims or less dangerous to resist them . If I am told , that the establishment of the measure of the union will produce a time when the claims can be brought forward with propriety , and can not be refused without danger , I desire to know whether that is not precisely the period , when men who wish well to their country would naturally be inclined to bring them under discussing the claims of any class of subjects than that in which it is admitted they can be granted without danger ? I should therefore , have supposed , that all who thought the union the most certain means of preventing the danger , would have conceived the completion of that union the time peculiarly proper for the catholics to submit , and a member of parliament to recommend , a measure which the friends of it considered right , just , and equitable , to be adopted . But what then ? You say to them , `` help us in this union ; give us that assistance which is necessary to us . '' Many of the catholics do so ; and then your friends , and the friends of the union , tell them they have great hopes their claims may be granted Then the petition comes , as might naturally be expected it would come , after such an assurance ; and in return for the assistance given by