such a measure of himself ; and he had heard it argued , on a former occasion , that it would be too hard to compel curates to reside in parishes where no residence was appropriated to them . said , that the bill he had the honour to move for would embrace the objects alluded to by the hon . bart.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . moved the order of the day for reading the report of the committee appointed to examine the lists of twenty-one persons given in for the purpose of constituting a select committee on the tenth naval report . The names were accordingly read , with the number of the votes for each . then rose and said , that the reading of those names which the house had just now heard , completely justified him in the very serious motion which he should have the honour of submitting to them , according to the notice he had given the other day , provided that these names turned out the same as those he himself had formerly read to them . It did so happen that they identically corresponded with each other . This shewed that the reports which had gained ground without doors , as to a list of names having been industriously circulated , for the purpose of composing that important committee , were well founded . The house had already decided , that it was no breach of the orders or 512 customs of the house to circulate such lists ; so that that he believed it would be deemed a breach of order in him to say that the treasury were guilty of so doing ; and therefore he should endeavour to abstain from so expressing himself ; though it was a fact of which he entertained not the smallest doubt . He would appeal to the right hon . gentlemen themselves whether or not they could venture to deny the fact to him . It was a conduct which , no doubt , appeared highly discreditable to them . Let the house recollect in what situation the right hon . gent . opposite ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) then stood . He ( Mr. Pitt ) had boldly come forward and taken upon himself a very great responsibility as to the country . Intimately connected with lord Melville , he had appealed to the house and the country as to the purity of his conduct . The right hon . gent . had , by his own account , his hands pure and his character unimpeached ; and this assertion he ( Mr. W. ) was not disposed at that moment to call in question . He could not but observe , however , that a considerable deal of suspicion was created by the manner in which that right hon . gent . had prepared himself to go to trial . The persons who were to judge of his conduct were such as were appointed by himself . This surely was a circumstance not very creditable to that right hon . gent. , and , in short , it appeared perfectly ludicrous to see a man stand up and say , `` here I am , ready to meet any accusation the house may think proper to bring forward against me , or call me in question from the beginning to the end of my political career . Who are to be my judges ? Let them be declared in the face of day ; let them be named by ballot . '' This conduct really appeared like a sham fight , in which that right hon . gent . had marched his troops out beforehand , and had seemed confident of being victorious . Let the house recollect the situation in which the business stood . Lord Melville was a principal object of the tenth report . He has been withdrawn from it , and the right hon . gent . has said , that there was nothing in any one page of that report which in the least impeached his own character .