occasion , whether he had dismissed Mr. Wilson ? it was his opinion , that the question ought to have been carried further , whether he had dismissed himself . For when a public officer opposed himself to an enquiry relating to the public money , for the purpose of sheltering the delinquents , his guilt was nearly equal to that of the man who declined answering lest he should criminate them . He was happy that his hon . friend had given notice of a motion of thanks to the commissioners ; for of no other member 398 should bring the matter forward , it had been his intention to have given a similar notice previous to the adjournment.—The original motion was then put , and Mr. Peter Stuart was ordered to attend the house to-morrow . having enquired if the answer which his majesty had been pleased to return to the resolutions of the house which had been laid before him on Thursday the 11th instant , had been reported to the house ; said that he had thought it a proper mark of respect to his majesty and to the house , to make the communication of the answer of his majesty the first business of the day.—On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , his majesty 's answer was again read . then said , that he could not forbear expressing his astonishment that after such an interval , no step had been taken to evince his majesty 's sense of the importance of the resolutions of that house . Several gazettes had appeared since the resolutions were carried up , and none of them had announced that the name of lord Melville had been expunged from the list of his majesty 's privy council . Neither had the house been informed that night that his majesty had given orders for the books being laid before him that purpose . Unquestionably there had been proceedings for the few last days which might have contributed to occupy his majesty 's attention from this subject . He was therefore anxious to know from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , before he gave notice of any motion on the subject , whether it was that right hon . gentleman 's intention to recommend to his majesty to expunge the name of lord Meville from the list of the privy council ? said , that he did not feel himself bound in consequence of any thing that had occurred in that house , on the day when the resolutions of parliament had been ordered to be laid before his majesty , to give any such advice to his majesty as that which the hon . gent . supposed . On the evening of Wednesday a motion to address his majesty on that subject had been made and had afterwards been withdrawn , as it did not seem to be the sense of a great many members who had supported the 399 original resolutions , that the house was in a condition at the moment to proceed to such an extremity . It was then argued that a removal from any place of trust and confidence would be sufficient , till farther light was thrown on the subject , by its having been ascertained by a select committee how far the noble lord was implicated in the business . A suggestion , however , was thrown out , that the noble lord , though he had then retired from office , might be again restored , and hold other places of trust and confidence , and it had been proposed , as a step which would be sufficient to guard against this circumstance , that the resolutions of the former night should be laid before his majesty . In this proposition he had concurred . But he certainly did understand it to have been the opinion and sense of the house , that that step would of itself be satisfactory . And under that impression he had not thought himself called on , nor did he now feel himself called on , till he was otherwise instructed by