apprehension.—The resolutions were then agreed to , together with an additional one , that the foregoing duties be paid in English currency . He further moved , that an allowance of 7l . 10s . per cent . be made to all stationers in Ireland who sold stamps without any additional charge for the paper ; which was agreed to . pursuant to his notice , rose to make his motion on the subject of the papers before the house relative to the conduct of sir Home Popham . He had come down to the house prepared to make such a statement as he trusted would induce the house to agree to the motion which he should have the honour to propose , for the appointment of a committee to examine the very large body of papers that had been laid before the house on this subject . Since he had been in the house , however , he had learned that there was no intention 638 to oppose his motion for the appointment of the committee , on the part of the gentlemen opposite . It would be unnecessary for him , therefore , to take up the time of the house by any prefatory observations , and he should therefore content himself by referring to the many important documents contained in the volume before them for the ground of his motion . At present he should confine himself to moving , `` That the several papers presented to the house , relating to the repairs of the Romney and Sensible while under the command of sir Home Popham , be referred to a select committee . '' On the motion being put , rose , and declared that he would not make a single observation on the present motion if he did not apprehend that a silent acquiescence might be construed into a tacit acknowledgement that the motion rested on an actual charge existing against him . If the hon . member had made his motion on that ground , or with a view to such an object , he should have felt himself bound to give it every opposition , because there was nothing of the nature of a charge against him in the papers which he could not completely and satisfactorily refute . There were , he would not dispute , several matters contained in these papers , which it was desirable to have referred to a committee , and consequently he was not disposed to object to the motion , provided that in so doing , he should not be considered as giving any acknowledgement of any well founded charge against himself . Many gentlemen , no doubt , had read the whole of the papers , and from being acquainted with their contents were competent to decide whether such a step was not expedient . His object in rising had been to state a general outline of his conduct , by adverting , if he should be permitted , to what had passed on a former night . The hon . member ( Mr. Kinnaird ) had on that occasion stated , that he had been treated conformably to the usual practice of the navy ; that he had been treated in the same manner as three gallant and hon . officers whom he had mentioned by name , sir Richard King , sir Richard Bickerton , and sir Andrew Mitchell . He had been extremely surprised to hear this assertion , and though he knew that each of these officers had attended the different boards , he had been so nervous that he could not bring himself to contradict an assertion so confidently made . But he had yesterday received a letter from sir R. King , 639 confirming his own opinion , and stating that that gallant officer , on his return from India , had had occasion to attend and correspond with the different boards on the subject of his accounts . The navy board were justified , therefore , in the concluding paragraph of their letter , wherein they had stated , that in his case there had been a