English tongue , and was therefore unintelligible to the greater part of the inhabitants . In Wales the reformation had been completely established , though the inhabitants were generally ignorant of the English tongue ; and this had been often attributed , and perhaps justly , to the obligation on the clergy to read the liturgy in the Welch tongue , and to the dispersion amongst the people , and the interior clergy , of a Welch translation of the scriptures . But in Ireland , although propositions had been made for adopting the same policy , and individuals had exerted themselves to effect this purpose , a contrary policy had prevailed , and it was generally understood that the superior influence of the Roman catholic clergy , in many parts of Ireland , was considerably promoted by their acquaintance with -that language in which alone communication could be had With many of the people . The English language having become , more generally diffused , much perhaps might be done by a clergy unacquainted with the Irish language . The state of the church Ireland was truly deplorable . There were about 2,400 parishes , which had been thrown , by unions ( many of them very improper , and some very recently made ) into about 1,100 benefices some of , which extended over vast tracts of country . Many of the parishes had no church ; and this was the case of a parish in Dublin , said to contain 20,000 inhabitants . Many of the benefices had no glebe , the ancient glebe having been Confounded with , and lost in the lands of-lay-proprietors , so that it had become impossible to recover it for the use of the incumbent . Many more of the benefices had no glebe house , so that the clergymen had no means of residence within his parish at least , without building a glebe house , unfortunately too , benefices in this deplorable state had been deemed the most desirable—a parish without a glebe-house , without a church , and ( an almost necessary 1081 consequence ) without a protestant inhabitant . This called loudly for remedy , and there was ground to hope means might be found by degrees to provide the remedy . But above all , it was necessary to make it safe for a protestant to reside in every part of Ireland . There were many districts in which a protestant , unless man of fortune , or under peculiar circumstances of protection , could not venture to fix his residence . In consequence , it had been observed , and particularly by a distinguished Roman catholic writer , that in many parts of Ireland a protestant day-labourer was not to be found . There were handicraftsmen in towns , were they might be in some degree protected , and might protect each other ; but in many parts of the country not a protestant of the lower order could be found . This principally arose from the influence of the Roman catholic clergy , and the hatred which they excited in the minds of their people against the protestants , as Englishmen and heretics , for both of which description they used , in the Irish language , the same word . In consequence , a strong spirit of persecution prevailed ; and , strange as it might seem to many of their lordships , he could venture to aver , that the protestant was in truth the persecuted religion in Ireland . And to such a degree was this intolerance carried , that , except in the north , few domestic servants of the protestant persuasion could be found . Even in protestant families , where there was a desire to have protestant servants , it had been found almost impossible to procure them , or to retain them if procured , unless all or nearly all the servants of the family were protestants . Where the Roman catholic servants had once gained the superiority , or where the upper servants were of that religion , the protestants were soon compelled to quit their