part of his Majesty 's councils at the period when those salutary measures took place , and I sincerely and devoutly hope he never will be consulted on any future occasion of a similar kind.—So much having been said , sir , or the danger of a protestant king being surrounded with catholic advisers , I would wish to suppose an instance which may , perhaps , place the subject in a some what different point of view . I will suppose there should be a gentleman born and educated as a catholic , who should be possessed of very superior talents and endowments ; that he was an excellent scholar ; a good historian ; a great financier ; an accomplished gentleman ; and a complete statesman ; and that a protestant king , understanding all this , should choose to employ him—would it not be an act of folly or madness , or both , in this man , after the king had thus taken him into his confidence , if he should advise his sovereign to adopt any measure that might tend to overturn the constitution or the state ? It would most un- 1010 questionable ; and such an adviser could not possible escape being brought to condign punishment for his attempt . It would be the same if there were more catholics in the council ; and it is ridiculous to suppose that they would forfeit the confidence of their king , and draw on their heads the hand of vengeance and punishment , more than protestants would . But it seems , sir , in the opinions of some hon . gentlemen . that catholics are unlike all other men ; that they are not to be believed on their oaths . Other dissenters of various classes may be believed on their oaths , but a catholic never ; like the lover , 'if he swears , he 'll certainly deceive . ' The right hon . gent . who spoke last allows that many of those who have signed the petition , he knows to be 'men of worth . ' Yet the idea of a catholic not being to be believed on his oath , can surely form no part in the character of a man of worth ; nor can any man ever be entitled to that character , of whom such an idea can be seriously entertained . An objection has been urged against this petition , on the ground of its not being signed by any of the catholic clergy . I believe the true reason to be this—the catholics wished to have this measure understood , as it is really meant , a respectful petition for a civil right , unconnected with their religious tenets ; and therefore it was not signed by the clergy , because it was considered as an act relating solely to the laity of that persuasion . I have a book in my pocket , sir , out of which I will beg leave of the house to read a few short extracts . I am aware that it is not the most agreeable thing to trespass on the patience of the house , by reading books to them ; but there have been so many gross misrepresentations circulated against the tenets of the catholics , in order to raise prejudices against their case , that I must intreat your indulgence . It is , sir , a Roman catholic prayer book , which the clergy put into the hands of their flock , and out of which they perform their devotions . ( Here the hon . gent . read a renunciation of the catholics , which went to show , that they do not think the pope infallible , or that they are or can be dispensed by any one , for any act of criminality , or breach or the laws of morality . Also , an oath , which says , in express terms , that they do not believe in the infallibility of the pope , and that they owe allegiance to the king , under whose government