subjects where there is ground for doubt , is a foreign power , wholly unconnected with , and in a greater or less degree necessarily hostile to , the state . Can there then be any doubt of the importance and solidity of the distinction between the roman catholics and all other classes of christians ? Their obedience to a foreign jurisdiction forms an additional feature in their dissent , from the establishment to that of all other christians , and renders additional guards , against them indispensable : but I say with respect to all descriptions of dissenters ; would you intrust the patron age of the church , in its most important branches , to persons who consder your establishment heretical or idolatrous ? Are you desirous of seeing the administration of justice in the hands of those whose religious opinions are in the most essential particulars , directly at variance with the law of the land ? Would you be satisfied , that the office holden by my noble and learned friend on the woolsack should be conferred on a person of a religion hostile to that of the state ? Remember , that , if religion does really operate upon the mind of man , it must operate far beyond all human considerations ; that no pious man will prefer his temporal to : his spiritual concerns ; that , it the religion and the state are distinct and at variance , and he is compelled to decide between theme , he must decide for his religion , and against the state . It is not because I believe the catholics to be bad men , it is because I believe them to be honest and sincere , that I would exclude them from that power , which they might use for our : own destruction . It can not too often be repeated that the question before us is not whether the catholics may be loyal subjects ; not 680 whether they should enjoy toleration ; or obtain civil rights or civil liberty ; but whether you will grant to them political power of every description , at the time when they refuse to acknowledge the complete authority of the state . Whenever this question has been discussed without doors , the only answer have ever heard made to it is that , as long as we had a protestant king , there could be no probability of any of the offices in question being filled by any except protestants : but , I ask , where is the security for this ? where , but in the laws which it is proposed to abrogate ? And if this were the case , what is the boon sought for ; and why is there any eagerness to attain it ? It would be to deceive both catholics and dissenters , if we should repeal these laws as a favour , and then refuse them the advantages which they have sought for and expected in their . repeal . If the safety of the state requires a barrier ; let that barrier be the law , and let us have courage and firmness enough both to avow it and to maintain it.—The question relative to the admission of catholics parliament , stands , admit , in some respects , upon different grounds from that of their admission into the great offices of state . The members of the legislature are not compelled by the law to hold communion with the church of England : and , powerful as each branch of the legislature is in itself , the personal power of the individuals who compose it is very different from the personal power of those who hold the great offices of state , or who belong to the council of the sovereign . But though the legislature has not enacted the same tests for the members of the legislature , as for the officers of state ; it has enacted some tests , and those of a nature very important . It has enacted for this purpose , an oath of abjuration of the pretender ;