single sentence that to my apprehension involves any position capable of becoming `` dangerous to society and civil liberty ; '' not a syllable about deposing kings , or not keeping faith with heretics.—However , sir , if upon this slight and distant view , you have a little recovered your natural courage , and can venture to commit yourself to my guidance , we will approach a little nearer , if you please , and endeavour to take a more distinct survey of the features of this hideous goblin . Be assured , we shall find the decent horrors with which the grisly apparition is graced , to be like the battlements of fire , and menacing dæmons , of which we read in romances , that recede and vanish , when you advance upon them with resolution , and sometimes change suddenly to scenes of allurement and delight.—The profession of faith , with which the council of Lateran sets out , keeps in view the model of the Nicene creed , though with considerable additions in a style of discrimination perhaps a little too metaphysical for a standard of popular belief . It begins by acknowledging in effect , `` one only God , the Creator of evil as well as of good spirits ; the Maker of our bodies as well as our souls ; the Giver of the law of Moses , as well as of the law of Christ . '' Surely , so far there is nothing to startle the protestantism even of the learned member himself . It then proceeds to the incarnation , death , burial , resurrection , and ascension , mingling up all with expositions intended , as every part of this creed was intended , to meet the heresies then supposed to prevail ; it takes occasion distinctly to assert the doctrine of transubstantion ; and , in a parenthesis , declares the Virgin Mary to have been always a virgin . Still , sir , I am persuaded , that , however much there may be in some of these doctrines for our divines to controvert , you will not have perceived any thing , that can serve as an excuse for depriving a single catholic of the meanest civil right . To do so would be to act in that very spirit of persecution , with which the learned gentleman charges the church of Rome . As to the position with which this canon concludes , the house has already pronounced judgement upon it 986 in the reception which it met , when it was glanced at in the speech of an hon . friend of mine , whose presence among us I have long anxiously desired , Who Was heard last night for the first time within these walls ; the character of whose eloquence I shall leave to the impression which it visibly made on his audience ; for to praise him with justice would require eloquence like his own ; and there are very few men indeed in this house , who are entitled to undertake that task . In myself it would be presumption to attempt it . I can only state more plainly , what he sent out of court with a laugh by a lively allusion . The clause in question , sir , merely defines , that `` sinners may be pardoned , if truly penitent , and married persons , no less than those who are unmarried , may hope to go to Heaven . '' The pope was mere good-natured to human frailty , than were the sectaries called Cathari , or puritans of that day , and in this respect the church of England agrees with the pope . This canon is followed by another , which condemns the opinions of two theological writers , the abbot Joachim of Calabria , and a learned student of the faculty of divinity at Paris whose name can hardly , be collected with certainty , though I believe it was Amaury , * and whose works have so totally perished , that the object of the canon with difficulty from