zeal , as Charles subsequently remarks , which * Letter to the lords of the council in England , 1602 . 997 would `` rather be counted cruel than cold , and is not seldom more greedy to kill the bear for his , skin than for any harm he hath done ; the confiscation of men 's estates being more beneficial , than the charity of saving their lives or reforming their errors . '' The zeal of the learned member and of others , like him , I do not suspect of being exactly of that description . The catholics of Ireland have been ground down to poverty ; under the system of relaxation and relief they have not yet accumulated enough individually , to be tempting objects of confiscation ; but , when I find the distinction of political power so studiously taken , as that in which the catholics are never to participate , I do rather suspect , that the zeal , which blazes so furiously , is a little inflamed with a desire of monopolizing that political power , and the profits and emoluments , which follow in its train.—On the subject of the civil war that grew out of the revolution , the capitulation of Limerick which I have already quoted will he sufficient ; if not , I conjure all good Orangemen in the interval to read and digest as they can , the previous declarations of William and his generals , and the complaints which some of them contain of the disorders and robberies committed by their own soldiers . But then comes last , and I am happy to say , least , the recent rebellion . And we shall not have to go far in search of evidence . The striking fact , which was noticed by my hon . friend who rose after the learned member last night , must be decisive to all who are acquainted with the political topography of Ireland . The secret committee of the Irish house of commons reported , but a short time before the rebellion burst forth , that the five northern counties only were organised , as it was called , and those very counties are the smallest number of catholics , and the greatest number of protestants in Ireland ; they used to be regarded as the strong holds of the protestant ascendancy . However , if living witnesses should be demanded , I must , in addition to what the learned gent . so elegantly and decently denominated the whole republican , jacobinical , and frenchified faction , call to the bar all his majesty 's present and late ministers whom I have heard during their separation and since their coalition , those who are favourable and those who are inimical to the proposed measure , concur in declaring that rebellion not to have been in its essential character a catholic rebellion . —With these impressions of the whole sub- 998 ject befere you , few words , sir , will amply convey the result of my sentiments . I am in general a friend rather to the gradual than to the sudden admission of great bodies of men to political rights from they have been long restricted , and that for the sake of themselves as well as of the community , yet so much has been already conceded , and in a manner so totally unlikely to obtain the good effects of concession , so little remains to give , and the position , in which we are called upon to make a stand , is in itself , so perfectly untenable ; that I shall be ready at once to go the whole length of the petition ; with what checks and guards , if any shall appear to be necessary , it will be proper to consider in the committee . But above all things , I am most anxious that we should take some step , however inconsiderable may be our progress , that our catholic fellow-subjects may be cheered and animated by the hope of Continuing to acquire more , if they