enjoying any civil government . One need not go to extremes to prove that this is not a very happy argument on the part of those who assert the proposition of the necessity of enforcing the restrictions . The restrictions are enforced by an oath—the catholics are excluded because they will not take the oath of supremacy.—What ! if they are not worthy of being believed on oath—if that solemnity can be dispensed with by the Pope , is it to be supposed that they would hesitate to take an oath to qualify themselves for situations which will enable them to subvert the government of the country , and make the Pope lord paramount ? The argument is conclusive—if they are not fit to be believed on oath , the test is worth nothing . I am endeavouring to anticipate every objection . It has been mentioned to me , that although this petition contains a disclaimer of all the doctrines attributed to the catholics , yet that the petitioners are all laymen , and that you are to infer , because no clergyman has signed , that the doctrines protested against are held by the priests . The argument would not be good for anything if it was true ; but I am desired to state , that the only reason why no clerical person has subscribed his name to the petition is , because it refers to civil rights only ; they judged that their interference would be an intrusion . Not only are they willing to join in the disclaimer , but I have it by the records of the country , by the certificates of courts of law , that these respectable men have all of them taken the oaths , and subscribed the declaration.—One other only argument on this point of the subject . It is a prospective argument . If it is not true that every catholic is a traitor , yet it is said that the time is coming when every catholic must be a traitor , because the Pope has gone to Paris to crown Bonaparté . It is supposed , that if the Pope has gone to Paris , and Bonaparté has received the crown from him , it must follow that the catholics of Ireland are subjects of the Pope , and are transferred to France . Such trivial arguments would be unworthy 667 of a grave , assembly , if it was not that , by such absurdities , attempts were made to revive the animosities of the two religions , to extend them to this country , and , as if this was not mischief enough , to make the cry of popery the means of disposing the foolish and ignorant to deny the claims of justice to their fellow-subjects . Can any man believe that the Pope is more connected with France now than at the time of the Bourbons , or when the pretender was at Rome ? Is it believed that he is more actuated by a wish to extend the power of France than at any former period ? Quite the contrary . I hope there is no man who has not viewed with pity the humiliating and degraded situation in which that person is placed . If he possesses feelings , they must be the feelings of deep mortification , and of disgust at those who imposed the disgraceful task upon him . What is the inference , but that the power of the Pope is less—that his respect is less—that he is more degraded , and less to be feared , than any person who ever filled the chair of Rome , supposing it possible to impute to him any hostile intention towards this country ? So far from feeling apprehensions at the Pope 's journey to Paris , it is a transaction that exhibits him no longer as a priest , but as a person forced to expose himself and his religion , in performing a disgraceful ceremony . There have been periods when the Pope of Rome favoured the interests of France ; but you never found it excited rebellion