then as to the , identity of Mr. Trotter and lord Melville in this business . So zealous did lord Melville appear for the proper administration of the civil department of the navy , that , not satisfied with the bill of 1785 , he actually proposed and obtained an act of council for authorizing , in the management of the pecuniary concerns of the navy , a variety of fresh regulations . [ Here the hon . member read a few passages from the , act . ] —Thus , continued he , 265 were all the regulations that the noble lord proposed for the economical govt . of the navy conceded to him , and he had nothing left to impede his favourite plans of improvement ; and he is the man to authorize his own paymaster to hold in contempt the peremptory orders of the legislature ! He heaps up regulations and takes not the least care that they shall be in one shape or other observed . On the contrary , these deficiencies are evidence how grossly the intentions of the legislature have been evaded.—Before I consider what Mr. Trotter 's answer was , let me remark , that the general complexion of the evidence before the commissioners was of a very extraordinary description . I had almost said , all the witnesses gave a reluctant and disgraceful testimony . I was rather unguarded in my expression , for I own that several respectable gentlemen gave their testimony with a candour that did honour to their character and feelings . The others gave a testimony extorted from them , or sheltered their guilt under mysterious silence.—Much as I approve of and admire the proceedings of the commissioners , I do wish that they had forced some of these gentlemen to favour us with a little more of their reluctant information . I think they might have done this in perfect consistency with the powers with which they were invested . What is stated in this reluctant testimony has , however , this advantage , that it possesses the strongest character of credibility . It has been strangely asserted by some persons that the report of the commissioners is altogether ex parte , and ought not to be the foundation of any decision . I really am at a loss to conceive : how any man can make such a strange assertion . I ask , had not lord Melville and Mr. Trotter a fair opportunity of vindicating their character before the commissioners , if they were conscious of innocence ? When lord Melville was asked a plain question as to his appropriation of any part of the public money , what had he to do ? Why , he had only to declare on his oath and his honour—No . What had Mr. Trotter to do ? He had only to give the same answer of—No . But how do they think fit to proceed ? Instead of following the plain path of integrity and honour , they profess total ignorance of deficiencies in the public money to a vast amount . The paymaster is called before the commissioners , and he professes to know nothing at all of the matter . By and by he , however , turns the matter 266 a little seriously in his mind , and he does begin to recollect that he does know something of the business . He confesses that he had been , from 1786 down to the period when he was examined , in the habit of drawing out the public money , and placing it in the hands of his own banker . The commissioners inquire a little further into the matter , but he will give them no satisfaction . `` You have no right to ask me these questions , that is my private money . '' Nay , he even arraigns the commissioners , and in a paper which , from mere indulgence , they allowed him to present , he pretty clearly insinuates that they were a parcel of gentlemen making themselves a great deal too free with other people 's