. rose and spoke as follows : —Differing , sir , as I do , from the hon . gent . who proposed this motion , and differing also in , many respects from several of those who have opposed it , I feel it necessary to state shortly , but distinctly , the views , the motives , and the grounds upon which that difference of opinion is founded . But in doing this , sir , I can not retrain from expressing , in the first instance , the very great satisfaction I feel at the temper and the moderation with which the motion was introduced , and with which , for so many reasons , particularly desirous that the discussion should he conducted . Happy , sir , am I also , that the manner in which subject has been introduced has relieved me from the necessity of entering at large into those general principles and 1014 grounds which , when the question was , discussed before , I felt myself compelled to do . I observe with pleasure that the application made by the petitioners has not been advanced as a claim of right , But of expediency . I observe also , with equal pleasure , that the hon . gent . has argued it upon that ground ; not that I mean to infer that the hon . gent . has abandoned the opinion he held upon that subject ; but that in the application of the principles which have governed his conduct , he has thought proper to discuss the question upon the ground of expediency . That is the ground upon which I feel the measure ought alone to be discussed : for I can not allow , that at any time , under any circumstances , or under any possible situation of affairs , it ought to be discussed or entertained as a claim or question of right . I , sir , have never been one of those who have ever held that the term emancipation is , in the smallest , degree , applicable to the repeal of the few remaining penal statutes to which the catholics are still liable . But , possibly , in my view of the grounds of expediency I may think it to be much more contradistinguished from the question of right than the hon . gent . does . He seems to consider that there , is only a shade of difference between the expediency and the right : whereas my view of the difference is broad , evident , and fundamental . I consider right , sir , as independent of circumstances , and paramount to them , whilst expediency is connected with circumstances and , in a great measure , dependent upon them . With regard to the admission of the catholics to franchises , to the elective franchise , or to any of those posts and offices which have been alluded to , I view all these points as distinctions to be given , not for the sake of the person and the individual who is to possess them , but for the sake of the public , for whose benefit they were created , and for whose advantage they are to be exercised . In all times , therefore , sir , and upon every occasion , whether relating to the Roman catholic or the protestant dissenter , to the people of Ireland , or to the people of England , I have always , from a due regard to the constitution , been of opinion , that we are bound to consider , not merely what is desired by a part , but what is best and most advantageous for the whole . And , therefore it is , sir , that I think it not sufficient to shew , that what is demanded is not likely to be prejudicial , but that it is proper to take comprehensive view of all the circumstances connected with it , whe- 1015 ther they relate to the time at which the measure is proposed , the manner in which it