your fees . '' moved , `` That what Mr. Speaker hath said in reprimanding Peter Stuart be entered on the Journals of this house . `` —Ordered nem . con . in rising pursuant to his notice , observed , that if there were any person in the house who were indisposed to concur in the motion which he should have the honour to submit to the house , who should come with reluctance to a vote of approbation respecting the conduct of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry he could not but consider the discussion unlucky that had rendered it necessary for him to rise at that late hour . He trusted , however , that it would not be necessary for him to occupy much of the time 563 of the house , and as he thought that the general feelings of the house , and of the country at large , were with him , it would , perhaps , be the best mode to submit his motion without other comment or preface than simple reference to the Reports on the table . But as the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had expressed his disapprobation of the conduct of the commissioners as in some instances unbecoming , it would be necessary for him to preface his motion with a few observations . But he should not dwell on the subject at any length , as he trusted that the right hon . gent . if he did not retract would at least not press his objections to the motion . Notice vets given of the right hon . gent . 's intention to renew the commission . Surely , if the commissioners were to be re-appointed , they ought to have distinctly pointed out to them what appeared erroneous or unbecoming in their proceedings , that such errors might , in future , be avoided . Knowing , then , that some objections did exist , it was necessary for him to request the attention of the house for a few moments previous to his submitting his motion . It was almost needless for him to state what were the circumstances under which the commissioners had been appointed . If they had done their duty well , they had done so under peculiar circumstances , and in opposition to formidable difficulties . They were not called on to investigate the small peccadillos of clerks and underlings in office ; they were required to investigate the abuses of the heads of great departments , to look men in high situations in the face , and , acting with firmness and intrepidity , to expose abuses wherever they fell under the range of their inquiries . Very different indeed was the task of the commissioners who had been appointed under the auspices of the right hon . gent . to which , on a former day , he had felt it his duty to call the attention of the house . The right hon . gent . had recommended to him to read the terms of that commission , to be convinced of his erroneous view of its nature Nod extent . He had attended to that recommendation ; he had fully considered the terms under which the commissioners were to act , and his opinion remained unchanged . A full power was indeed given to the commissioners to make the fullest investigation , and no fifth clause existed to shelter any one from answering whatever questions were put to him , even if the answers should have a tendency to criminate himself . There was , however , an 564 important distinction to be attended to , and that was , while the principals in the different offices were to remain unmolested , the whole weight of inquiry or censure was to fall on the subordinate officers . Indeed the right hon . gent . 's act was one of the most liberal , polite , and well bred acts of parliament that ever was framed . It took it for granted that it was impossible for a principal in an office to be-guilty even