an opinion was maintained that the catholics of Ireland , merely because they were catholics , must con- 656 tinue the irreconcileable enemies of the protestant establishment of Ireland , and the protestant government of England . That no kindness , no protection , no lapse of time , no community of interest , no intercourse , nothing could reconcile the eternal hostility of the catholics to the government of this country . Upon that assumption , incapable of proof by argument , the next principle adopted was this , that it was therefore necessary , not only to exclude Roman catholics from all participation in the government , and from all share in the constitution , but that they were not to be allowed even any influence , because influence led to power ; not to be allowed to acquire any property , because property led to influence ; not to enjoy the free toleration of religion , or the ordinary rights of marriage ; not to be permitted to have the least intercourse with one set of the king 's subjects . Means were devised by penalties , proscriptions , and disabilities , to drive the whole catholic population from the island , or to reduce them to the state of a poor , ignorant , illiterate peasantry . Such was the principle ; and , as it has been said by a great man , never was a system more admirably calculated to produce the object it had in view . The effect of it was , that those who were deprived of the benefit of education were kept in entire ignorance ; those who were excluded from acquiring property were left to languish in extreme poverty ; those who were persecuted , oppressed , and excluded from intercourse with their fellow-subjects , became altogether alienated from society ; and , in proportion , their minds were exasperated against their oppressors . If I could entertain the smallest question as to the impression on your lordships ' minds by this statement ; if I had the least doubt of the detestation with which every individual in the country considers such a system , I should perhaps have avoided stating the fact . I state it for this reason , because it enables me to exhibit the pleasing contrast of the measures adopted during the period of his present majesty 's reign . I speak now of the period in which his majesty found 3 or 4 millions of his subjects in the state I have described . I desire your lordships to consider what has been the conduct of his majesty 's government , what has been the object , and what has been the consequence it has produced . I would desire you to consider the striking contrast afforded by the better system of 657 policy during the present day ; a system of gradual amelioration , by measures which have been the more effectual because they have been gradual ; measures which , by their mildness , have reversed the whole of the former system . It is perhaps hardly to be credited , that it was necessary , in the reign of the sovereign under whom we live , to pass an act to enable the Roman catholics to intermarry with the rest of his majesty 's subjects . You have given them a full toleration , and the benefits of education ; you have taken away those odious measures which produced the disunion , of families ; you have restored the industry of the country , by granting to the people a participation in the soil , and by allowing them to share in its benefits ; you have extended to them all the advantages they are entitled to , except one , the most important of any you have given them , the exercise of the elective franchise and a share in the executive administration . You have done this , and the result has taken place which the measures were calculated to produce . By degrees the wealth of Ireland has extended itself . Few countries , if we except the