taken place since 1801 , in the consideration of this subject . What had that change been ? That the French had again commenced the support of the catholic religion , and consequently that their influence over the professors of it in every nation would be considerable . For his part , he was not disposed to attribute much influence to their intrigues ; but allowing them the full force with which the noble lord had clothed them , he would ask , what were the best means to avail themselves of this additional power of making an impression in Ireland ? The answer was plain : it was by a well timed concession of indisputable right , to conciliate the affections of the people of Ireland , and thus to unite the whole kingdom in the determination to resist to the utmost of their power , the desperate attacks of their common enemy . professed his inclination to follow the example of the noble baron , and to discuss the important question which was before their lordships , with that temper and moderation that was necessary in considering it . Whatever sentiments he entertained respecting it , he would avow them plainly and frankly , and he would begin by saying , that though he would go as far in whatever regarded toleration as any of their lordships , he was not prepared to go to the extreme extent proposed by the noble baron . He listened to what fell from the noble baron with all the attention and respect that was due to whatever came from him ; he heard him with that pleasure that he always did , but it was a pleasure mingled with astonishment and surprise . When he recollected how greatly that noble lord distinguished himself in combating doctrines which led to all the calamities under which it great portion of the people was actually suffering , and he feared would long suffer , it was not without excessive astonishment that he heard him on this night maintain doctrines , the direct tendency of which was the introduction of all those innovating principles against which he had so manfully and successfully struggled . Before he entered upon the question , he would take the opportunity of declaring , that he entirely concurred with noble friend , the secretary of slate , in giving full credit to the catholics for their loyalty and attachment both to the constitution and the beneficent sovereign 696 at the head of it . He believed their intentions to be upright and sincere ; but it was idle and vain to take the sentiments of the great body of the catholics from a few individuals , who could only answer for themselves . Even these could not positively say what their sentiments and conduct might be under different circumstances . They might fairly and honestly , and with the best intentions in the world , pursue a line of conduct that might ultimately be attended . with the most calamitous consequences to the country . He would not , therefore , place them in a situation , where their conduct , though perfectly well intended on their part , might be productive of such baneful effects . To any lengths of toleration no man could be more willing to go than he was ; but the great object of the petition was to procure what was called catholic emancipation . That term , however , was improperly applied . There was no slavery here from which they were to be delivered . They had already been relieved from every thing that had any appearance of this nature . The granting of the prayer of the present petition would not satisfy them . This would only interest the mass of the people so far as might serve to pave the way for further concessions , in which they conceived themselves to be more nearly concerned . The effect , therefore , of yielding to the claims now made would be nothing else than exciting an expectation of obtaining more . The noble lord ( Grenville ) complained of the policy of