voting to refer the petition to a committee , in order to discover what part of the laws it may be fit to repeal . Among these minor points will also fall to be considered the situation of the army . A catholic may serve in the king 's army in Ireland ; he may arrive to the rank of a general , but not a general on the staff ! If , however , he comes to England , he is liable to pains and penalties on account of his religion . Surely those who would resist the question in the whole , must at least allow that this is a case in which some relief ought to be given . I am also assured that the common soldiers are restrained from the exercise of their religion sometimes in Ireland ; but almost always in England . Some alteration is also necessary in the law of marriage . I mention these circumstances as forming parts of the question which ought to induce such persons as think them worthy of redress , to go into a committee , whatever their objections to the general question may be . I have stated , that the disabilities under which the catholics suffer are of two sorts ; namely , those which consist of restrictions on the king 's prerogative , and those which restrain the choice of the people . I think that Roman catholics ought , like all the other subjects of his majesty , to be enabled to hold places under the crown , and to sit in parliament ; but I understand there are some who would consent to a proposition for rendering them accessible to offices , but who 853 would not agree to give them seats in parliament . Those who entertain this opinion , surely can not refuse to go into the committee . I understand there are others who , on the contrary , think it advisable that Roman catholics should be excluded from offices in the executive part of government ; but that , on the ground of virtual representation , which I have stated , they ought to be admitted to seats in the house of commons . I own that I think this opinion the most rational of the two ; and surely those who entertain it can not object to the motion I am about to make . —I have now stated most of the general ground on which I think the repeal of the laws complained of is advisable ; and I shall now very briefly mention a few of the advantages which may be expected to result from such measure . A great proportion of the last and of the present session has been consumed in considering of the best means of recruiting the army , and of increasing our local and disposable force . Now , without disparaging the modes recommended by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) on this bench or the right hon . gent . opposite , for attaining this desirable object , I will venture to say , that no scheme whatever of parish recruiting , limited service , or militia volunteering , can equal the effect of this measure . All these schemes are tardy and trifling , compared to the prompt and large supply which would be afforded by Ireland , were the laws against the Roman catholic repealed . You now receive into your army Irish Roman catholic ; but what might not be expected from the zeal and gratitude of a nation famed for warmth of temper and generosity , fondly exulting in a triumph obtained over illiberality and prejudice ? All your other supplies would be little rivulets , compared to this great ocean of military resource . But you are not merely to consider the number , but also the nature of the circumstances under which you would obtain the recruits . Look at the situation of France , our formidable enemy ; is she formidable for her finances , her naval power , her comerce , or any other resource except her population ?