. I estimate it will produce 15,000l.—There is another article which I shall propose to the Committee , because the same principle applies to it , as an object of taxation , which applies to some of the articles I have named—I mean the article of Vinegar . The produce of the additional tax is 11,000l.—There is only one other article , the consumption of which is a matter of choice and luxury , I me an Gold and Silver Wire : I propose to double the present duties . The produce will be about 5000l . I trust the Committee will be of opinion , that these additional taxes may be levied without any very great pressure upon , or inconvenience to the Public . The whole amount of their produce will be 207,000l.—With regard to the Duties of Custom , the first articles on Which I propose an addition , are Slates and Stones carried coastways . It must be evident to the Committee , that if a tax is laid on Bricks and Tiles , it is necessary that a corresponding one should be imposed on those articles which may be substituted for them . I propose an additional duty of 20 per cent . on Slate and Stones . The sum I estimate this tax at is 4,400l . There are only a few other articles on which I shall propose a duty of 10 per cent . The principal are , Iron , Barilla , and Turpentine . On these articles , from the information I have obtained from persons conversant with the trade , I think I am justified in taking credit for 22,000. ; on all other goods , Wares , and merchandizes imported , I shall propose an addition of 2½ per cent . beyond the existing duties : the produce I estimate at 176,000l . The whole amount of the produce of the Additional Duties on Customs will be 202,400l . and those of the Excise 207,000l . making together the sum of 409,400l . The sum I want is 405,000l . So that the Committee will see that what have taken will be more than sufficient . 90 I shall only trouble the Committee with moving the Resolution.—The Resolution was agreed to , the House resumed , and the Report was ordered to be received on Monday . said , the tax under this bill imposed upon legacies to children , could be considered in its operation only as a tax upon landed property . If a man had 4000l . annual rent from his land , with a numerous family to support , a very small part of it would be apportioned to the younger children in the will of the parent , and those who were protected during the life of the father , under the patrimonial mansion , when they were driven into poverty by the awful event to which he had adverted , were to be rendered subject to this new imposition . Estimating their fortune at 4000l . their income could not exceed 200l . and besides the income Tax to be deducted from this small pittance , they must make a further sacrifice the first year of 40l . Another objection to the tax was , that instead of tending to discourage celibacy , it imposed a tax upon population , and the more numerous the progeny , the weightier the burthen . The house had lately shewn the influence of its humanity towards mules and cart-horses , he hoped it would not be less indulgent towards the children of the state . The tax , in every point of view , was unjust and impolitic , and he should propose an amendment , in order that younger children might be relieved from the pressure of this imposition . informed the hon . member that no amendment could be proposed till after the house had agreed to the third reading of the bill . observed , that it would operate as a check on persons giving away property , and though there were none that reprobated more than he did the practice of giving