it was a problem , has been solved within our own experience , We have lived to see a republic of atheists established , for a time , in the very heart of Europe : we have witnessed the desolation which they have occasioned , and experienced , in part , the evils which they have produced . We must he sensible that the bigory , intolerance , persecution , and cruelty 675 of the Most condemned systems of superstition and enthusiasm , are as clemency , moderation , and mercy , when compared with the same qualities in the atheists of France . With such an example before our eyes , we can no longer hesitate in believing that those who possess any religion , be it what it may , are to be preferred , both as men and subjects , to those who have none . Every class of religious persons , in this view , deserves the support , the toleration , and protection of a rational government ; and of the different descriptions of christians , the catholics are not those in whom I have the least confidence ; nor can I agree in any of the suspicions which may have been entertained , that the catholics are incapable of becoming loyal and dutiful subjects . I am convinced that many of the odious tenets ascribed to them have never been substantially , and , in fact , believed by them . I know by experience , both by their conduct in this country during the most critical times , by their conduct in Canada and in many other parts of the world , that they have proved themselves on many occasions most loyal and excellent subjects even to a protestant sovereign . But the question we have this night to consider , does not relate to their it situation as subjects ; we are deliberating upon a claim to political power . Civil liberty should be denied to no man , except upon the strongest reasons ; civil rights ought not to be abridged , except upon the most urgent necessity : but the principle which ought to influence the distribution of political power , is not only not the same , but is in some respects the very reverse of that which ought to operate upon civil liberty . With regard to the one , the presumption is always against all restraint ; with regard to the other , however wise it may be to extend it , it should always be extended with that degree of jealousy and circumspection which may enable us to guard against the abuse of it , and which may prevent its being made the instrument to destroy the support it was alone created.—I am ready to admit , that no laws can be considered as perpetual , and that there must exist in every sate a power somewhere , to revise , to modify , and even to abrogate the laws of the state , according as circumstances may render it necessary : but it has been the practice of every wise government to adopt certain elementary and fundamental laws , which might become a kind of landmark between the governors 676 and the governed , and which though they be made the subject of revision and even of alteration , should not be changed , except on the strongest grounds , and on the most urgent necessity . The principles of the revolution , as established by the bill of right and act of settlement , have always been considered as of this description . It is one of the fundamental principles of these laws , that the king must the church of England . The conduct of our ancestors at the revolution , has been a subject of admiration to all wise men and true patriots . The persons who brought about that glorious event , were sensible all the advantages of hereditary monarchy ; they determined to depart no further from the strict line of succession , than the necessity of the case and the nature of the circumstances rendered indispensible : but in