—Counsel were heard in continuation , and at great length , relative to the Scots ' Appeal , the earl of Kinnoul and others v. the hon . Mr. Maule and others , viz . Mr. Alexander , as second counsel for the appellants , and Mr. Romilly as leading counsel on the part of the respondents.—Mr . Alexander brought up from the Commons the Mutiny bill , the Additional Salt Duties bill , and the Additional Property Tax bill.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages . Among these , the Pleasure Horse Duty bill went through a Committee , and was reported ; and the bills brought up from the Commons were severally read a first time.—Adjourned . presented a petition from G. B. Mainwaring , esq . sir W. Gibbons , sir W. Curtis , H. Thornton , esq . W. Mellish , esq . and S. P. Cockerell , esq . ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners now are , and at the time of the last election of a member to serve in this present parliament for the county of Middlesex were , freeholders of the said county , and claim to have had a right to vote at the Said election ; that at the said election sir F. Burdett and the petitioner G. B. Mainwaring ; esq . were candidates to represent the said county , as a knight of the shire for the same , in this pre- 2 sent parliament ; and that the said election commenced on the 23d day of July 1804 at Brentford , in the said county , and that the poll taken at the said election continued open for 15 days ; at which said election J. Shaw , esq . and sir W. Leighton , knt . were sheriffs and returning officer for the said county ; and the petitioners further State , that the said sir F. Burdett , his agents , friends , managers , partizans , and others on his behalf , with divers wicked and evil disposed persons , regardless of the laws against bribery and corruption in the election of members to serve in parliament , and of the pains and penalties of perjury , and subornation of perjury , and in violation and defiance of the laws and statutes provided for the security of the franchises of the real electors in this kingdom , and intending and real electors in this kingdom , and intending and devising to defeat the rights of the real freeholders of the said county of Middlesex , and to defraud them of their privilege of electing a knight to serve in this present parliament for the said county , did combine and confederate together , by means of fictitious and pretended voters , to obtain an apparent , and colourable majority on the poll in favour of the said sir F. B. ; and by these and other corrupt and unlawful means , to procure the said sir F. E. to be returned to serve in this present parliament for the said county of Middlesex , in opposition to the votes of the majority of the real freeholders of the said county ; and , in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose , did procure great numbers of wicked and evil disposed persons to represent themselves to be freeholders of the said county , and to assume the names and descriptions of real 3 freeholders of the said county ; and did , on every day during the said election , and more particularly on the latter days thereof , send , and procure to be sent , divers of the said pretended freeholders to Brentford , in order to vote for the said sir F. B. ; and that , notwithstanding many of the said persons , so sent and procured to be sent as aforesaid , after they had entered their names and descriptions on the poll , but before they had completed their votes , were detected and exposed by the agents and inspectors of the petitioner G. B. Mainwaring , yet that the said sir