placed under the same general provisions . The act , sect.8 , empowered the grand jury to : provide a ward for lunatics , and the sum expended was to be accounted for by the surgeons of the grand infirmary ; and the consequence was , that 20 or 30 , persons , in the unhappy state of mind . alluded to , required as much attendance ; as would be necessary for 150 under the act now proposed . Another design of the bill was , that the accounts should be annually submitted to the inspection and control of parliament . He much lamented the neglect , in regard to the insane , in some of the districts of Ireland , but he was happy to make an honourable exception in favour of the neighbourhood of Waterford , where an in- 207 stitution for their assistance was formed , which had met with the peculiar approbation of the great and benevolent Howard . did not see the propriety of passing a new act , while another existed in the statute book , competent to the purpose now proposed . The design of the bill was to provide for a thousand mad Irish . At present these were under the protection of the grand juries of the county . The bill now under consideration , would take this important duty out of the hands of the respectable persons to whom the discharge of it was committed , and would place it with others who were less suited to the purpose . He added , that the only effect would be to impose a tax upon the counties , unnecessary and impolitic , and he concluded with moving the amendment , that , in the lieu of the word `` now , '' the term , `` six months , '' should he substituted . hoped the hon . bart . would not press the second reading of the bill on this day , but defer it till after the assizes in Ireland , in order to give the grand juries an opportunity of considering it . He expressed several objections to the provisions of the bill , as the distance of the asyla from each other would take the patients so far from their former residence , and sometimes 50 or 60 miles away from the visits or inspection of their friends ; and , in that part of the country which he had the honour to represent , he saw no strong symptoms of extraordinary madness which could induce him . to vote against the amendment . animadverted on the inconsistency of the noble lord , who began by expressing a wish , that the bill should be delayed till the assizes were over , and afterwards concurred in a motion for its total rejection . He highly approved of the object it proposed , as there was a vast number of those objects to be seen swarming in every part of Ireland . said , that though he approved of the outline of the measure , he must object to the mode in which the object was proposed to be accomplished . He thought the bill drawn up hastily and inaccurately , and could see no necessity for all this complicated machinery . He should , therefore , vote for the amendment , in hopes that another bill would be brought in , which would be better adapted to the purpose . replied , that all the ob- 208 jections made to the bill appeared to him more applicable to a committee . It was notorious , that the act of the 27th of his majesty had been neglected , and that the returns of the grand juries of Cork , Limerick , Waterford , Ennis , and most of the other counties , were a negative to the provisions made by it . With regard to the power of the lord lieutenant , it was confined to the original direction , and the inspection , detail , and regulations , would be under the control of the judges at the assizes . He declared sincerely to the