, and particularly swearing to maintain the succession as limited by law , to the princess Sophia , and the heirs of her body , being protestants . A declaration , containing the effect of the oath proposed , was signed by almost all the principal English Roman catholics , clergy as well as laity ; but the court of Rome objected to it , and the apostolical vicars were ordered , not only to withdraw their countenance , but to pronounce the strongest ecclesiastical censures against it . These censures were accordingly promulged in form ; and although conceived in very general terms , as probably it was not thought , prudent to use , in England , the very strong language which had been used in Ireland , yet it was manifest that the engagement to maintain the protestant succession formed a principal objection to the oath . For the apostolical vicars proposed to the English catholics , either that the oath before taken by them should not be changed ; or that they should substitute , either the oath taken by the Irish catholics , or a new form of oath , framed under the direction of the apostolical vicars , and which they offered to the consideration of their people . On none of these forms the maintenance of the protestant succession formed a part . In all , the obligation of allegiance was to the king and his family . The greater part of the English Roman catholics were , however , steady to their purpose of giving the full test of their submission to the law by which the crown had been placed on the head of the prince on the throne ; Considering it as folly , or mockery , or something worse , to swear obedience to the prince , and to refuse obedience to the law by which he became prince . At length the apostolical vicars , fearing , as they acknowledged , a schism which might have been fatal to the general interests of the see of Rome in England , submitted to so much of the proposed oath , obtaining a change in other matters ; and they have themseves taken that oath which 1078 the Irish hierarchy thought it monstrous to propose . Nothing could more strongly mark the different tempers and characters of the English and Irish catholic ; a difference ; principally springing from the unbounded authority exercised over the latter by that hierarchy to Which hierarchy to which he principally attributed the distracted state of the Country . But this was not important only as it marked the different tempers and character of the catholics in the two countries ; for this extraordinary consequence might follow . If it should ever be the misfortune of the empire that the prince to whom the succession would otherwise belong should exclude himself from a lawful title to that succession by embracing the Roman catholic religion , the protestants of the whole empire , and the Roman catholics of England would be bound by their oaths to . oppose his succession , and the Roman catholics of Ireland would be bound by their oaths to maintain it . A dreadful state of things , which We must ardently pray may never happen , but which we should , at the same time anxiously endeavour to prevent.—It must be manifest from this circumstance , if no other appeared of similar tendency , that the Roman catholic hierarchy in Ireland still cherish the hope that by some means the Roman , catholic religion may again become the established religion of Ireland ; a hope which the English catholics have long abandoned with respect to England , and then first became quiet , orderly , and loyal subjects of the protestant government . To prevent the accomplishment of the hope thus sanguinely entertained in Ireland , the protestant ascendancy must be anxiously preserved . There can be no equality between the two religions ; one must hate the ascendancy , and there could be no doubt to which , Consistently with the law and constitution of the empire , and