the peace and happiness of Ireland , the ascendancy in Ireland ought to be given . The far greater proportion of the empire had embraced the protestant persuasion ; the government was essentially protestant ; the protestant church was tolerant in its principles , bearing with every denomination of Christians : the Roman catholic church was intolerant ; and the Irish catholic was taught to concede the name of christian to none but those in obedience to the see of Rome . It had been the folly of the time to depress the tolerant , to raise the intolerant religion , and to call the folly toleration . It had been the folly of the time to encourage the hopes of the Roman catho- 1079 lic hierarchy in Ireland , and to give them almost a foretaste of the dignities and revenues which they were anxious to seize , and Ireland had much to attribute to those who had been guilty of this folly . It was absurd to expect that there could be peace hi Ireland whilst hope should remain with the , Roman Catholics of subverting the protestant and establishing the Roman catholic religion ; and particularly whilst any hope should remain with the Roman catholic priests of possessing the dignities and revenues of the protestant clergy . The petition , indeed , contained a declaration , `` that the petitioners do not seek , or wish , in the remotest degree to injure or encroach upon the rights , privileges , immunities , possessions , or revenues appertaining to the bishops and clergy of the protestant religion as established by law , or the churches committed to their charge , or any of them . '' Giving credit for sincerity in this declaration to those who have signed the petition , it had been signed by few , even of the laity , and by none of the clergy ; and the insertion of this declaration , utterly discordant not only with their pretensions , but with their practice , seemed a more probable cause for the clergy ( without exception ) declining to sign the petition , than that which had been suggested by a noble lord , which was not founded in truth , but if true , ought of itself to raise no small alarm , as marking the strong distinction which the Roman catholic clergy of Ireland think fit , on all occasions to draw between the rights of clergymen , though unconnected with their clerical character , and the rights of laymen . The disclaimer on the part of the laity might have credit to a certain extent ; but it could not be believed that the Roman catholic clergy neither sought nor wished for the right immunities , possessions , or revenues of the established church . To bring them to the state of mind which would lead them to forbear seeking to obtain those rights , immunities , possessions , and revenues , whatever their wishes might be , they must feel that any attempt to obtain such advantages would be utterly vain , and would only bring destruction on those who should engage in it . To produce that feeling in the minds of the Roman catholic clergy , the protestant church must be much more firmly established than it now is in Ireland—it must be put beyond the chance of danger . Unfortunately , little pains had been taken to spread the reformation in that county . In many parts , the Roman catho- 1080 lic priests had retained the possession of the parochial churches as long as the buildings remained in a state to be used as places of worship , and quitted them only when in utter ruin . Many churches have since been demolished in times of disturbance , or had fallen into decay from neglect . Not a few had been destroyed by violence , or had suffered considerably for want of repair , even before the reformation . When churches were in better condition , and the service of the reformed church had been constantly performed , it had been read only the