of the least irregularity ; but he might be the willing and active auxiliary of the commissioners , by compelling all those under him to give them whatever information they required . Thus came the right hon . gent . 's commissioners to the execution of . the duties committed to their care , and he had surely no occasion to remind the house under what circumstances the commissioners of naval enquiry entered on their duties . When their appointment was first proposed , it was contended , even by some hon . gent . on his side of the house , that the appointment was unnecessary ; and it was artfully insinuated through the country , that it was not a board of commissioners , but a body of inquisitors , that was about to be established . It was well known , that lord St. Vincent was the person who proposed the establishment of the commission , and no sooner were they appointed than the character of his lordship was on all hands assailed ; various motions were threatened , and one hon . baronet had brought forth a positive charge , though , unfortunately , not one member of the house could be found to second it . Such was the situation of the commissioners almost immediately posterior to their appointment . The house would also bear in mind that the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) brought forward a motion positively accusing lord St. Vincent of improper and negligent conduct in the administration of the affairs of the navy . And here it would be easily seen , that the commissioners were placed under very disadvantageous circumstances , considering that the character of him under whose auspices they were to act , was thus directly attacked , on the score of incapacity . To this attack a total change of administration succeeded ; and here again the commissioners had to contend with new difficulties—they were to carry on their inquiries when all those on whose support and encouragement much reliance was to be placed , were removed from office . Indeed , from the language of the right . hon . gent . on his return to office they had little hope of encouragement . He 565 had then declared that , from all he had seen , and all he had heard , or known , every one his reasons for attacking the administration of the noble lord had . been confirmed , and the commissioners were to act under the impression that the conduct of the noble lord who had established them was peremptorily condemned . With all the difficulties , with all these undeniable disadvantages , they had , however , proceeded with intrepidity , and the public saw what was the result . The grand obstacle in a way of their inquiries was derived from a most extraordinary use to which the fifth clause of the bill under which they acted had been applied . It was quite clear that the commissioners never expected that this clause should be applied to the purposes which their own reports explained , or that even in the office of the treasurer of the navy , which was as it were the flag-ship t all the other offices , they should begin to experience the most serious difficulties in the execution of their duty . What then appeared on the face of their reports ? On the 10th of July they send a precept to the treasurer of the navy ( Mr. Canning ) , requiring the production of certain document essential to the proper prosecution of their inquiries , and receiving no answer , they repeat the precept on the 17th of the same month . The 2d of October arrives , and previous to that period his right hon . friend had given the commissioners no sort of in formation . Was it then to be endured commissioners acting under the authority o the three branches of the legislature should thus be trifled with ? Was any gentleman , however high his influence or extensive his power , to set