undergone this long and minute investi- 1039 gation , as it would shew to the catholics , among whom , there were many loyal and good people , that what they asked was impossible . said , that at that late hour , and after the display of talent on one side , he should have thought it presumption in him to have troubled the house ; but a wish to refute the libels and scandal which had been thrown on the petitioners , induced him to offer a few words . It had been said that they were disaffected . It was for those who knew them not to use such language . A learned gent . ( the attorney general ) had said , that instead of granting indulgences to the Irish catholics , it might be deemed expedient to recur to the penal code ! Such sentiments from such a quarter bore with them their own commentary . The hon . colonel here proceeded to read some extracts from the pamphlet of Mr. Scully ( an Irish delegate ) which were so ill received by the house , that we could not event collect their tenour . Notwithstanding which the hon . colonel proceeded . He said he would not be indecently prevented from delivering his sentiments as an independant member of parliament . If gentlemen were fatigued . let them move an adjournment . Did he not think that he should be disgraced if he were not to offer his sentiments , nothing should have induced him to offer himself to the house . He said the catholics were contending , not for equal power but equal privileges . The hon . colonel animadverted with much severity on the conduct of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who was instrumental in bringing about the measure of a legislative union . He called upon that noble lord to fulfil the pledge that was at that period held out to the catholics . He did hear him say , that a fair system of policy was to be adopted . He now called upon ministers to fulfil the pledge given to the people of Ireland , unless it was their intention `` To palter with them in a double sense , `` To Keep the word of promise to their ear , `` But break it to their hope . '' felt it necessary to explain . What he had said was , that if the house expected the catholics would be conciliated , by acceding to their petition , they would be mistaken , as he believed they would want something more . The other point was , that he had been represented to hold out the threat of reviving the penal code . This was a mistake ; he thought it a bloody and cruel code . But he had said , 1040 that if he had been consulted he should have opposed granting them the elective franchise and the establishment of a college at Maynooth . said , that at that late hour he would not intrude upon the exhausted patience of the house by entering at large into the argument ; but that he was unwilling to give a silent vote upon so important a question . He freely admitted that it had been his wish that this measure should not have been brought forward , or discussed , unless under the reasonable prospect of success , which in his mind did not exist at present ; but those who were so much and so peculiarly interested in the result having judged otherwise , and the discussion having taken place , he had no hesitation in declaring , that he considered the complying with the prayer of the petition to be essentially necessary to the peace and repose of Ireland , the stability of the union between the two countries , and the safety and security of the empire at large ; and therefore gave his decided support to the motion . —Sir ; I shall not now further trespass on the patience of the house , than to contradict some unfounded assertions made