Trinity House of Deptford Strond , dated 11th June , in the 36th year of her reign : a copy of the grant or charter of his late majesty king Charles II . to the corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond , dated 24.th June , in the 17th year of his reign : an account of the quantity of all the ballast on the river Thames , which has been shipped from the several wharfs within the jurisdiction of the corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond , for the last 30 years , particularizing the quantity shipped in each year , and for which the said corporation received one penny per ton , and distinguishing the kind or quality of the ballast shipped : an account of the quantity of ballast taken from the bottom of the river Thames by the corpora- 618 tion of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond , in each year during the last thirty years : for an account of the quantity of ballast taken by the corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond , in their lighters , out of vessels which have entered the port of London , in each year , for the last thirty years , whether such vessels were partly laden , or in ballast . `` —On the motion of the Attorney General , the house went into a committee on the Stipendiary Curates bill , which after being reported , was recommitted for tomorrow.—On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the house went into a committee on the Property Duty bill . Previously to its commitment the chancellor of the exchequer stated , that the clauses he proposed to introduce into this bill were merely of a verbal nature , or such as related . to regulation only , and not such as would produce any alteration in the rates or quantum of the duty . A number of clauses were then severally read , and , after a good deal of conversation , agreed to . The report was ordered to be received on Friday next . —Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the deficiencies of the civil list , when the resolution granting to his majesty the sum of 10,458l . 1s . 6¾d . for the purpose herein mentioned , was read and agreed to.—The committee on the Irish Land Partition bill was postponed bill tomorrow.—Mr . Loveden , on Monday , gave notice of a motion to be brought on Thursday the 16th inst . He said he did not apprehend it could occasion much discussion , as it would be similar to what he had formerly proposed ; for fresh lists of unpaid or unclaimed dividends at the bank , & c.—but he meant to push the enquiry further than he had before done , and to call for an account of the suitors money locked up by the court of chancery . —On the question that the Irish Election bill be read a second time . said , he had no objection to the principles of the bill , and hoped , therefore , it would then be read a second time . said , that although he should accede to the second reading , he did not mean to exclude himself from objecting to some particular parts of it . said , that if the principle of the bill was to ascertain accurately those persons who had a right to vote at elections , and to make that right known to those who were candidates , he approved of the 619 bill ; but still there were many clauses to which he meant to object in the committee . objected to the bill going into a committee . By one clause in it , any person has a right to enter a traverse against the title of every 40s . freeholder , and it would take fifteen years value of it to pay the expences of defending his right . Besides , the bill vilified the country ; for it says that all vice was attributable to