taking into consideration the petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland . The petition was then read by the clerk , and will be found in p. 97 of the present volume . After the petition had been read , rose , and addressed the house as follows : —My lords , I was anxious that your lordships should hear this petition read through previous to my offering any observations on the subject of it , both on account of the many weighty arguments which it contains in favour of that which the petitioners humbly pray your lordships for , as well as for the strain of loyalty which pervades it , and the respectful , moderate , and temperate language in which those arguments and that prayer are couched . When the petition was first presented , I expressed an earnest hope , and such seemed to be the wish of all your lordships , that whatever opinions individual peers may entertain upon the subject , that the matter of the petition should be temperately , dispassionately , and impartially discussed . I was then happy to perceive such a temper and such an understanding , prevail ; and I now beg leave again to express my most anxious wish , that this night the important subject and 652 considerations to which I shall have the honour to call your lordships ' most serious attention , may be temperately , dispassionately , and impartially discussed . Such , my lords , is my anxious wish , and such , I am persuaded , is the earnest wish and prayer of the petitioners themselves . They have felt the operation of party violence and party heat . They know , that from party violence and party heat they have much to fear , and certainly nothing to hope ; and if , on this occasion , they look with confidence to better hopes and brighter prospects , it is because they are confident they address a body of men in whose minds party heat and party violence will not be suffered to have the smallest influence.—With respect to myself , allow me , my lords , to assure you , that I know myself to be utterly incapable of the wickedness ( for wickedness it would be ) of speaking with party views or feelings , while discussing the interests , nay , the rights of millions of British subjects , and on a topic on which the peace and unanimity of the empire may eventually depend . I might venture to appeal to your lordships , and to every man who hears me , whether , if this were a question likely to conduce to views of such a nature , or if the individual who is addressing you could suffer party views to influence his conduct , all those motives which usually operate on men 's minds , would not lead to a line of conduct precisely different . The person who undertakes to bring this great question before you , is well aware that he has to encounter numerous and powerful enemies ; that he must subject himself to much prejudice , much clamour , and much misrepresentation ; and that he must incur the imputation of indifference , perhaps of hostility , to the civil and religious establishments of the country ; establishments , the security and perpetuation of which are the dearest objects of his heart . All these difficulties he must encounter ; and in return what has he to expect ? The satisfaction of having discharged a great public duty , namely , that of bringing before your lordships a great and national question , and the consciousness that , whatever may happen hereafter , he will not have to reproach himself with any of the evils which may result from the rejection of the petition , if rejection should be its fate.—This , my lords , is not all that I have to remark upon this part of the subject . I consider that it will be a great evil and misfortune 653 to the empire if the prayer of this petition