land-owners and farmers , who were at the expence of providing substitutes . It was in vain to say , that the men by this measure had the option of enlisting or remaining , as they might think proper ; because , every one knew that if their companions volunteered , those who refused to do the same would be looked upon as wanting in military spirit . It was , indeed , voluntary in the name , but , in fact , it was the contrary . He was one of those oppositionists , who , as a militia colonel , signed the circular paper alluded to by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) ; but as he was drawn into the serape by the example of his right hon . relation oh a former occasion , and he hoped , that gentleman would not refuse to take his share in the blame of it . In saying , that if an administration had been formed on a broad and comprehensive scale , the same measure would have been pursued , and no objection made to it , the right hon . gent . only assumed a fact , which he did not allow him entitled to do . conceived the bill to be unjust in its principle , and injurious in its operation . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had said it was not unconstitutional ; he did not contend it was so , but as far as respected the constitution of the 119 militia . The right hon . gent . had talked much about the delicacy of his feelings ; but he seemed destitute of all sensibility ; his military apostacy was only equalled by his ministerial apostacy.—Here Mr. Yorke , to order , represented the impropriety of using such language . The Speaker informed the noble lord that he should abstain from personalities . said , he bowed with great deference to the authority of the chair . He then proceeded to state that the militia officers did not so much object to this measure , from feeling , as upon the constitutional ground , that by proposing this measure to them , they would be defrauding them into an acceptance of what they had no reason to expect . He himself , though by no means divested of the feelings of a militia colonel , objected to it principally from its dying injustice to the proprietors and occupiers of the land , who would by this bill be obliged to pay a second bounty for substitutes . It was fallacious to say , that all persons paid equally , and in proportion , for the army and navy . The members of the universities , and many other descriptions , were exempted from the operation of the ballots . Part also of the pay of militia men was appropriated to the maintenance of their families ; but when they should enlist into the regulars , the support of their wives and children would fall upon the parishes . As Scotchman , he said , he had no complain that the country was put to the expence of providing for 12,000 men ; there were no more than 6,000 left for its defence ; and none of the regulars stationed there , for their domestic protection . He heard a report , that the noble lord ( Moira ) who had the chief military command there had lately resigned it , finding that all those exertions of his Which had gained him the confidence , respect , and veneration of all parts and ranks in that country , were not Sufficient to supply the military deficiencies . He must also object to the measure upon the ground of policy , when the alarm of invasion had not yet subsided . What chance had we of co-operating in any continental war , when we were destitute of a single ally ? In his majesty 's speech from the throne , the word ally was not even mentioned , we only ventured to speak of `` confidential negociations