and that no advantage was taken of them . The thing was hardly to be looked for . The first motion which he should now submit to the consideration of the house , was for a 401 select committee , for taking into farther consideration the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry . There were still some dark parts in that report , on which he wished that farther enquiry should take place . It was not his intention to enter at any length into what passed on the last debate on the subject , farther than to say , that he thought the right hon . gent . opposite had not paid that proper respect to that house , and to the commissioners acting under their authority , which might have been expected , in not dismissing a person who had refused to answer the questions put to him , when called on under an act of parliament to give evidence . Would it be maintained that every witness was to be entitled to decline answering any question which might be put to him , on the pretence that it might criminate himself ; and that the judge was not entitled to ask , in what respect , and to ascertain whether the allegation was real or feigned ? The right hon . gent . himself actually condemned Wilson , and condemned his own conduct by the apology he now made for both . He now confesses that the clause of the act of parliament , does not apply to Wilson . According to his own account , Wilson tells him , and he now tells the house , that Wilson was the instrument and tool of Trotter . Would his being so involve him in legal , or even moral guilt , so as to excuse him from answering questions ? The pretence was ridiculous , it was to screen his principal , not himself ; for , as being merely tool , any answer he might have made , might have gone to exculpate , but could not criminate himself . Equally well might the printer of the stamp on which the order was written , have refused answering any question which might have been put to him , lest he should criminate himself . Another hon . gent . ( Mr. Ward ) had been much offended at an expression which had fallen from the hon . president of the board of Enquiry—that he took blame to himself for not having committed Wilson to prison . He hoped that hon . gent . would attend on the night when the vote of thanks was to be moved to the commissioners of Naval Enquiry , and would then state what he had alleged that night , that in consequence of the declaration , the hon . president ought to be dismissed from his situation . He ( Mr. Whitbread ) declared , that had he been in the place of the hon . bart . he would have committed not only Wilson , but Sprott 402 also ; and so , he hoped , would every commissioner of Enquiry feel himself inclined to act . It was not his wish to trespass on the time of the house , and he should , therefore , conclude by moving his first motion , `` That a select committee be appointed to make further enquiry into the matters contained in the report of the commissioners , and to report the same , with their opinions and observations thereon , to the house . '' rose , not to oppose the appointment of a select committee , but from a wish to clear himself from the charge of having prematurely given notice of a motion on any particular subject , and thereby taken it out of the hands of another gentleman . He spoke now in the presence of the hon . gent . alluded to , and he appealed to him , if the notice which he gave was not expressly conditional , that if he ( Mr. Pitt ) did not , on an early day