of 44 parliament claimed as their peculiar privilege . In the course of that impeachment which was still in their recollection , the impeachment of Hastings , it would be recollected , that many such difficulties did arise . He certainly felt that a measure of such importance as addressing his majesty to remove a judge , ought not to be adopted without grave and weighty reasons , but if their lordships should be convinced by cogent reasons that a judge was unfit to hold his office , he could see no reason why the houses of parliament should forbear from presenting those addresses for his removal which the act of settlement expressly stated as sufficient ground to remove a judge from his office . contended that a committee ought to be appointed , and that the constitutional mode of enquiring into the misconduct of a judge was by impeaching him . If the accusations brought against the learned judge , who was now the defendant , could be substantiated , there were very strong grounds , indeed , for such a proceeding ; for that learned judge had been charged with no less a crime than having used seditious language from the bench . This was certainly a charge of sufficient importance to ground an impeachment on , if it could be proved . He wished the house , in the present case , to conform itself to its established usages and precedents . could not see that there could be any necessity for appointing a committee to consult precedents , when it was well known that no precedent which could be found would come near the present case . When the judges were made independent of the crown , it was clearly stated , that they were only removable by address from both houses of parliament , or by impeachment . The precedents therefore of cases which happened before the passing this law , could have no application to the present case , and he could not conceive any other ground that could be required for those addresses , except the clear conviction of both houses of parliament on due and weighty consideration , that it was proper to present those addresses . If the house should , therefore , now think it impossible for them to proceed without finding out precedents , the same reason would always apply against addressing for the removal of any judge . allowed that it was competent to either house of parliament to originate the question ; and that since the passing of the act of W. III . it was as constitu- 45 tional for parliament to proceed by the way of address as by that of impeachment , which , of course , could not originate in that house , but must come from the commons . said , that highly as he respected the opinion of his noble and learned friend , he could not help differing from him on the present question . He thought that in an entire new case , as this confessedly was , and when the house was called on to decide on an act of parliament that had never yet been acted upon or brought into consideration—an act of parliament of such immense importance to every subject of the empire , because it went to no less a point than the removal of the judges from their places , he thought it was necessary their lordships should have the advantage of the opinion of the 12 judges . He thought also , that , in a case like this , their lordships could not proceed with too much caution ; and , therefore , that they ought to have the advantage of all the precedents which our ancestors had made the rule and guide of their conduct , antecedent to the time of the act of settlement . He well remembered the time when he was obliged in duty , in the line of his profession , to object to the proceedings of that house , when they went from thence to the place below , day by day , for 7 long