to them . I own my national pride is certainly gratified by the attention paid to the talents of the hon . gent . who spoke last but one ; but I can never forget , that I have witnessed those talents employed successfully in beating down the laws and constitution of his country : ( Loud cries . of no ! no ! ) I do not accuse the hon . gent . of design ; but he has amplified so much on the strength of the physical numbers of what he has called the Irish people , has asserted and painted their imaginary grievances in such high colouring , that there grew in the minds of an influenced and infatuated peasantry , a conviction that they had just motives for rebellion , and strength to accomplish their object . What admits of no doubt , and which I can not forget , is , that the honourable member 's conduct and sentiments prevented his taking any share in putting down that rebellion ; prevented him from manifesting active loyalty , or exposing himself with other gentlemen to common exertions , common inconveniences , and common dangers . With such recollections I feel it a duty to withstand all impressions made upon my mind by the talents and reputation of the honourable member , and to recall the attention of the house to the arguments of the gentleman who has opened the debate . That hon . gent . has stated truly from archdeacon Paley , that tests were introduced when religions sentiments and religious interests were so universally connected and diffused through certain classes in the community , as to be a proof of a determined purpose of action , and that public necessity justified a general 945 law of exclusion , sacrificing the pretension of the few , who might feel differently from the mass of their own sect , to public tranquillity and security . He has admitted that the Roman catholic were in general so strongly attached to the house of Stuart , as to have justified the legislature in enforcing the oath of supremacy , and other tests , to the exclusion of Roman catholics from political power . He has debated much upon that subject , and has justified our ancestors for their precaution . And I ask no other grounds of reason than those upon which that hon . gent . has relied , to justify parliament in the rejection of the present catholic claims . If attachment to the house of Stuart has justified suspicion , and restrictions from power , how much more strongly does from power , how much more strongly does the general aversion of the lower order of catholics and of their priests , to Britain and British connexion , justify all our precaution ! I do not hesitate to assert , that with the middling and lower orders of Roman catholics , and the generality of their clergy , under every change of governors or government , proposed or attempted , separation from England has been the object invariably aimed at . Every passion , religious and temporal , all their traditions , all their prejudices , unite to excite such feelings , and to render this sentiment predominant in their minds ; and this house is deceived most fatally , if it suffer itself to be persuaded that they have changed those sentiments . The best historians agree that the Irish catholics of king James 's day used him but as an instrument of separation ; they rendered him desperate with England to ensure success to their design—a separation—by forcing him to confiscate all the protestant and British property in Ireland . The hon . gent . has disclaimed , with great levity , all knowledge of councils , and of the former opinions of the catholics , and has entered into abstract discussions of rights , and first principles , for his purposes—in my mind with great judgement ; but an application of men 's minds to the situation of the day , and to existing circumstances , would prove fatal to his arguments