but that their religious and civil opinions are deemed injurious to the state ? And if they feel that they are so distrusted by you , what 672 can follow but suspicion and distrust on their side also ? This , my lords , is the great and leading principle , which actuated my mind in the resolution to submit these observations to your better judgment ; and it will ever be my happiness to reflect on the attention with which you have heard me . The object of the motion I mean to conclude with , is that which must be the object of every man who hears me , of every good citizen , —the uniting and knitting together the hearts and minds of all descriptions of men—that for which you daily entreat a blessing from Heaven on your councils . It is in that persuasion I ask of you no immediate , or specific grant , because I am not prepared to say what other measures , healing , and salutary , ought to accompany the adoption of my motion . Many there are , but this is not the fit occasion for stating them ; all I now ask of you is , not to shut your eyes , but to go into a committee , to consider that which never has been considered as one united subject in parliament , I mean the state and condition of Ireland , the leading feature of which is the religious restrictions of its people . It has long been my wish , to have an opportunity of stating their grievances to your lordships . When I found that the people of Ireland grew impatient at your neglect—when I found that no step was taken to redeem the pledge given them by the union , I was decidedly of opinion , that all the best interests of the British Empire required that the subject should be brought into discussion . It was their desire it should now be brought forward . I think the season , highly favourable . There is every motive for endeavouring to preserve that necessary part of the empire : you are called upon by every principle of self-defence , to close your ranks , and unite your whole force in order to oppose an enemy , whose power you have so much reason to contemplate with awe . There is this further argument in favour of the question—that it is not called for by tumult , but by the good conduct of the catholics . I was not sorry , for the opportunity of stating my own sentiments . I felt honoured by being desired to put myself forward , and I can only add , that I should feel happy if , in the manner of discharging my duty towards them , I have done their cause no prejudice . I conclude by moving , `` that the house do now resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to take this petition into consideration . '' —My lords ; after the determination expressed by the noble baron who has just spoken , to treat the subject with all the temper and moderation which properly belonged to it ; I can only regret that he seemed , so early in his speech , to forget the recommendation with which he set out . The question , he said , would and must be carried , if not on this night , at least at no very distant period . This was holding out something like a menace to the house , calculated to defeat that temper and moderation , which the noble lord himself had begun by recommending . spoke to order . He said it was impossible for him to remain silent , when he was so grossly misrepresented . He would appeal to every noble lord , to every honest man who heard him , whether he had uttered a sentiment or a word that could be considered as the language of menace ; when he said it must ultimately succeed , he only meant that sooner or later