the house , to make any recommendation on the subject to his majesty . thought that a sense of duty should have dictated to the right hon . gent . to have formed a different conclusion from that which he had now professed . Indeed it had seemed to him absolutely impossible , after the solemn manner in which it had been determined that the resolutions of that night should be laid before his majesty , that the right hon . gent . could have abstained from recommending to his majesty a measure which seemed so naturally to follow from the knowledge of those resolutions . He could not figure how it was possible in more pointed terms to have expressed the sentiments of the house . The step winch they had adopted was , to his conception , equally marked and pointed , as if the motion which he had that night submitted had been agreed to . If , however , the right hon . gent . thought that he had sufficiently satisfied his duty by allowing things to remain as they were , he ( Mr. Whitbread ) felt that he would not discharge his without giving notice of a motion , similar to the one which he had formerly withdrawn , for the first open day . He then fixed Tuesday next for that purpose . then proceeded to call the attention of the house to the subject of the motions of which he had given notice previous to the recess , Hee could 400 not forbear from congratulating the house on the sense which seemed so universally to be entertained out of doors , of the conduct of the house in the votes which they had already passed on the subject of national abuses . The right hon . gent . opposite to him seemed also sensible of the general spirit which had been awakened through the country . He had that night , prematurely in one sense , and tardily in another , given notice of a motion which he unquestionably meant in some shape to meet the wishes of the people . In doing so , however , was not the right hon . gent . taking the business out of the hands of other hon . gentlemen , who had already given notice of similar intentions ? That was not a novel practice , now for the first time adopted by the right hon . gent . It happened some years ago to him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , on which occasion the right hon . gent . took a business out of his hands , but never did any thing under it . The right hon . gent . had indeed given notice of a much more extensive motion than had yet been proposed ; but whether he had done so in consequence of hearing that such an intention had been declared in another quarter , and wished to take it out of their hands for the purpose of doing it away , he should not at present pretend to judge . If a new committee was appointed , he hoped it would be characterised by equal fidelity with that which had distinguished the commissioners for naval enquiry . The right hon . gent . had expressed a doubt if there existed any lavish or improper expenditure in the military department . On that subject he ( Mr. Whitbread ) entertained no doubts . He was convinced that in the military department as gross a system of peculation and plunder existed as had already in part been discovered in the naval expenditure . An hon . gent. , a friend of the noble lord , had , in vindicating him from the present charge , asserted that he possessed opportunities in another department of making an immense and rapid fortune , without any chance of detection . That hon . gent . was well acquainted with the truth of what he stated : and was it to be supposed after what we had seen , that such opportunities did exist , and that too , without the possibility of detection ,