print them immediately , so that there should be no delay in making them known to members . observed that the motion , that these papers do lie upon the table to be perused by the members of the house , must be disposed of before any thing else could regularly be done . said they could be printed without difficulty by tomorrow . by way of giving to the house the contents immediately , moved an amendment , instead of laying them on the table , `` that these papers be now read . '' had no objection , and therefore consented to withdraw his motion for the present to make way for that of the worthy alderman . They were accordingly read by the clerk at the table , and are as follows : Copy of a Letter from Lord Melville to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , dated the 28th of March 1805 . Gentlemen ; having read your Tenth Report , and observing particularly the following paragraph in the 141st page— `` However the apprehension of disclosing delicate and confidential transactions of government might operate with lord Melville in withholding information re- 187 specting advances to other departments , we do not perceive how that apprehension can at all account for his refusing to state , whether he derived any profit or advantage from the use or employment of money issued for the services of the navy . If his lordship had received into his hands such monies , as were advanced by him to other departments , and had replaced them as they were repaid , he could not have derived any profit or advantage from such transactions , however repugnant they might be to the provisions of the legislature , for the safe custody of public money . '' I think it necessary to state the following observations , in order to place in their just view the grounds on which I declined answering your question , and which you appear not to have accurately understood . When you first called upon me for information , I stated to you that I had no materials on which I could frame such an account as you required me at that time to prepare ; and , in a communication with Mr. Trotter , before my examination on the 5th of Nov. last , I learned , for the first time , that in the accounts he had kept respecting my private concerns , he had so blended his own private monies with what he had in his hands of public money , that it was impossible for him to ascertain with precision whether the advances he had occasion to make to me in the course of his running private account with me , were made from the one or from the other aggregate sums which constituted his balance with Messrs. Coutts . This circumstance , which I understood Mr. Trotter had distinctly communicated to you , made it impossible for me to return any other answer than I did to the general question which you put to me—'Whether Mr. Trotter had applied any of the money issued for carrying on the current service of the Navy , for my benefit or advantage ? ' and to this circumstance I uniformly referred in my answer to other questions respecting the manner in which Mr. Trotter applied the money in his hands.—When you put the question to me , `` Whether I did direct or authorise Mr. Trotter to lay out or apply , or cause to be laid out or applied , any of the money issued for carrying on the current service of the Navy , to my benefit or advantage ? '' my answer was , to the best of my recollection I never did , That answer I now repeat . Had 188 you proceeded to inquire whether I had ever any understanding expressed or implied with Mr. Trotter respecting any participation of advantage derived from the custody of the public money , or whether I at any time knowingly derived any advantages to myself from any advances of public money , I