which a compliance with the petition might place his majesty . He tells us , that we should soon witness , what he denominates a solecism in fact as well as in law , a protestant king surrounded by catholic counsellors . I confess I am at a loss to discover the justice or the validity of such an argument . When we unfetter the royal prerogative , does it follow that we force upon his majesty catholics for his ministers and counsellors ? Does it follow , that by extending the sphere of his majesty 's choice , in the selection of his confidential ministers , or the appointment to places of power and trust , to so numerous a class of our fellow-subjects , we force any description of persons upon the throne ? There is another class of dissenters , to which I had supposed that my right hon . and learned friend feels the same objection ; I mean the presbyterians . Them , I had imagined , he looks upon as at least equally dangerous with the catholics , if dangerous they be . Now , sir , all the test laws in Ireland . which affected them , have been long since repealed . Yet while that island had an independent parliament and government of her own , how many of the great offices of state were filled by protestant dissenters ? The noble lord ( lord Castlereagh ) whom I see near my right hon . and learned friend , can inform him how few : and if one or two have found the way into his majesty 's councils , my right hon . and learned friend , while sitting there , is too polite , whatever I may be , to say that any 980 mighty mischief has been in consequence sustained . Nevertheless , sir , the first rude shock which the protestant monarchy and church of England had to encounter , came from that description of protestants . My right hon . and learned friend has been pleased to anticipate the entertainment which he and all of us may hereafter receive from an imaginary chapter in the history which is believed to employ the pen of my hon . friend who made this motion ; but I am a little surprised that he did not rather point out to our notice an important chapter in every history of England , which he seldom overlooks : I mean the reign of Charles the 1st . In consequence of the sad experience of those times , the test laws , in the beginning of his son 's reign , were directly opposed to the protestant dissenters . The catholics had a breathing time . They were considered as inclined to the royal cause . But towards the end of the Long Parliament , jealousies and fears , not unwise , if they had not been carried beyond the bounds of reason and justice , were entertained of the catholics , and the protestant dissenters were zealous and active in the defence of civil and religions liberty . New regulations , therefore , of disabilities and incapacities were introduced to strip the former of the power of doing evil ; and the latter , when success had crowned their exertions , were relieved and favoured . From whatever quarter the danger menaced , to that our ancestors turned . And certainly to our mixed constitution there are peculiar and characteristic dangers from each of the opposite description of dissenters . The catholics , from the scheme of their ecclesiastical discipline and their habits of obedience to those who are set over them , incline more to attach themselves to the monarchy ; the protestant dissenters from their mode of discipline , and their corresponding habits , are more ready and , strenuous in the maintenance of popular rights and privileges ; yet I am sure that they may be equally serviceable , and each upon occasion eminently so , in their proper and well-balanced proportions of political weight and influence in this house , and in the state.—An invidious distinction , however