and if there was any imputation against him , he challenged it . He was so convinced of the noble lord 's integrity , that he had no doubt any enquiry would redound to his honour . maintained , that he had taken the most regular and orderly way in bringing forward his complaint . In the 11th report , the comptroller of the navy was particularly reflected upon . There was one part of the evidence which reflected on him in a way that no person of feeling could pass over . Either the noble lord or himself must stand in a situation in which no man of honour would wish to be placed . He had written a letter to the commissioners , to desire that he might be re-examined . After a lapse of seventeen days , he was told , that the report having been submitted to the three branches of the legislature , his request could not be complied with . He was at the head of an interior board , and it was material to him to prove that he was not the person alluded to in the eleventh report . He had written a letter to that effect to the commissioners of the admiralty , and had desired them to look over the documents , to convince themselves he had acted right . These were the papers he had moved for . The house was full at the time , and if he had done it five minutes too early , he had no intention to take the house by surprize . presented at the bar `` a copy of the letter of the comptroller of the navy to the commissioners of the admiralty , dated April 22 , 1805 , relative to the evidence contained in the eleventh report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , together with its inclosures . '' On the motion that the papers do lie on the table , it appearing that the inclosures had no titles , doubted whether this was such a proceeding as ought to satisfy the 462 house . Nobody knew to what these documents referred . Even now he was at a loss to develope them . There were no titles to them . He desired to know whether it was fair that papers so produced should be printed . wished the papers to be laid on the table for two or three days before they were printed . If they were printed in their present state , they might create an impression which supplementary documents might not be able to remove . Both the hon . baronet and the noble lord were in a situation which no man of honour could submit to . The hon . baronet desired that he might not be condemned unheard . He ( Mr. Tierney ) was equally anxious that his noble friend should not be condemned unheard . He thought the better way would be to move for a committee to consider the eleventh report . All he was desirous of was , that a mutilated case should not be laid before the public . said : there was an equal desire that justice should be done to both parties . The question was , whether the house would put the hon . baronet in a situation of having hostile evidence adduced against him , lest the documents in his vindication might possibly reflect on another person . No doubt , the comptroller of the navy ought to have the full benefit of these papers ; they were calculated to elucidate points relative to the hon . baronet 's justification . An hon . gent . had observed , that it was competent to move for a committee . Was it not also competent to any one to move for a vote of censure against the hon . baronet upon the report . It was not unusual in the course of debate for gentlemen to form different views of a subject , and even when notice had been given of a particular motion , it had been discovered in a few hours that the