there had not been any thing of open rebellion it Ireland , but there had been in the empire two separate rebellions for placing the exiled family on the throne . Look to history—look to the acts of your government at the time , and you will be told , that , during both these rebellions , the demeanour of the Roman catholics of Ireland though the object was to create a Roman catholic king , was as loyal as possible During the American war there were periods when the enemy triumphed in the channel , possessed a superior force , and threatened the invasion of the kingdom ; at that time the catholics were not only loyal , but they were esteemed as such , and trusted with arm for the purpose of repelling the common enemy . I speak it the hearing of persons who have successively filled the office of lord lieutenant of Ireland , and secretary to the lord lieute- 665 nant . I ask any of them to rise and declare at what period of our history it was , when the catholic body , as a body , appeared disaffected , either to the established government or the constitution . If down to the period of the last rebellion they were uniformly loyal , it is no slight circumstance that the rebellion in Ireland arose not from religion , but other circumstances . What is notorious to every man is , that in the whole of the conspiracy we see the arrangement of the leaders was composed , not of catholics exclusively , but of men called united Irishmen , which was a name given to mark an union of different sects . The next fact is , that among the leaders of the rebellion it is notorious , that though there were many catholics , there were also many protestants . In the insurrection , the principal leaders were not catholics , but protestants . It will not be thought , that because I told you there were protestant persons in the rebellion , it was therefore a protestant rebellion . I mentioned it to shew you , that the rebellion took its rise from causes different from religion—that it pointed at a different object—that if it had succeeded , the catholic religion would have been overthrown equally with the protestant religion . The object was not the overthrow of either , but of the monarchical government of England . Many striking instances may be found of protestants who embarked in that rebellion with as much zeal and personal hazard as any catholic . If , then , there is no ground for the imputation of the late rebellion—if the circumstances since , instead of furnishing grounds of charge against the catholics , furnish a refutation of them—if we are told , that in Ireland three-fourths of the catholics are more quiet , tranquil , and loyally disposed towards the monarch of this throne , than they have been for years past , surely it is as fair to give the catholics all the advantage of their present character for loyalty , as to charge them with the guilt of rebels . Upon both these points , how does the question stand ? You have the disclaimer of the catholics of those odious principles . You have the strongest of all evidence , their own positive , public , repeated declarations . I know that there has been a fashion to have recourse to the old exploded doctrines , that there is something in the catholics , that , let them say what they will , they are not to be believed on their oaths , because there is a power acknowledged in 666 their religion capable of dispensing with that sacred obligation , and of relieving them from the guilt of perjury . It would be useless to shew to what length this argument would go . If it is true that 4,000,000 of persons can not be bound by any oath , the consequence must be , that the civil government of Ireland can not longer exist—the people are disqualified from