Vincent . Yours truly , ( Signed ) J. Sullivan . Sir A. S. Hamond , baronet . '' `` No . 8 . Downing Street , 12th April 1804 . My dear sir , When you have looked over the accompanying papers , have the goodness to return them to me . If you think yourself at liberty to give me a Copy of captain Owen 's letter , for the purpose of my sheaving it to the first lord , I will thank you for it ; I have sheen him in confidence the papers I now send you . Truly yours , ( Signed ) J. Sullivan . Sir A. S. Hamond , baronet . '' `` No . 9 . Navy Office , 1st April 1805 . My lord , As I find , upon reading the eleventh report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , that lord St. Vincent does not appear to recollect the secret service your lordship placed under my control 472 in February 1804 , namely , the project for blocking up the harbour of Boulogne ; and as I understood both from your lordship and Mr. Sullivan , that the plan had been first submitted to lord St. Vincent , whose opinion was , that if executed by the smugglers themselves , there was reasonable ground to expect success , but not so , if put into the hands of the officers of the navy ; that it was in consequence of this opinion , that your lordship determined to employ Mr. — to carry the project into immediate execution , to direct me to take the preparation under my control , and to provide naval funds for the expence thereof , as the more effectual means of keeping the exdedition secret , and which was to he repaid by the treasury when the amount was ascertained.—As I find a considerable impression is made on the public mind , that a transaction of this nature should be carried on by the comptroller of the navy , without the knowledge of the first lord of the admiralty , I feel myself under the necessity of requesting your lordship will have the goodness to furnish me with some document that will fully shew I was not guilty of that breach of shew duty , which I can not but think is intended to be imputed to me by lord St. Vincent . I have the honour to be , my lord , & c. & c. ( Signed ) , A. S. Hamond . The earl of Buckinghamshire , & c. & c. & c. late lord Hobart . '' `` No . 10 . Grosvenor Place , 3d April , 1805.—Sir , I avail myself of the earliest opportunity of acknowledging the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant , which did not reach me until yesterday . In order to intimate for your satisfaction , that you had fell authority from me to understand , that previous to any determination being taken , the project for blocking up the harbour of Boulogne had been submitted to the consideration of earl St. Vincent , and that he had approved of my suggestion to place the necessary arrangements for that service under your direction and control . I have further to add , that I signified to you I the king 's commands for supplying such funds , and giving such orders as might appear to you requisite , with a view to the ultimate success of the undertaking . Informing you at the same time that the advances which you might have occasion to make for the service in question , would be hereafter replaced by the treasury . I have the honour to be , & c. & c. ( Signed ) Bucking hamshire . P. S , If it be intended that 473 your communication to me , should be made a public document , I must request , for very obvious reasons , that the name of the individual principally employed in the business may be omitted . B . Sir A. S. Hamond , Bt . ''