that he proposed to submit a motion to the house for the production of a letter written by lord viscount Melville to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry on Thursday the 28th of March , in elucidation of some points in his lordship 's case , which it would be important to have before the house previous to its final decision on this question . He was not aware of any objection to his motion , but if any should exist , he should content himself in the present instance with a notice for to-morrow . As the printing of this letter would take up some time , and gentlemen would require also time to consider its contents , in order to come to the discussion fully prepared , he submitted whether it would not be desirable to have the notice for Thursday withdrawn , and some early day in the ensuing week fixed instead of it . asked across the table , whether any answer had been returned to this letter ? was not aware that any answer had been sent , but was desirous that all the papers relating to the subject should be laid before the house , and printed for the information of gentlemen . in the absence of his . hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , felt it impossible to say whether he would consent to put off his motion to next week . Of this , however , he was certain , that it was the wish of his hon . friend , that opportunities of information should be afforded to the house . He agreed with the right hon . gent . that the discussion of this important question should not be protracted . He thought that by deterring the motion till Friday , sufficient time would be afforded , and suggested the propriety of adding to the right hon . gent 's motion , a Copy of any answer or proceeding thereon . thought that Monday would be the earliest day when the house could be prepared for the discussion , if the hon . member ( Mr. Francis ) who had a motion for that day , would 167 consent to defer it . If it should appear on the production of the letter , that any further proceedings had been taken upon it , they also would be necessary to be laid on the table , Which would require further time . made some objection to a further delay of his motion , which had already been put off to accommodate the other side of the house . But on the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Francis 's motion relative to the present state of India was fixed for Friday next , and Mr. Grey Consented to put off his notice on the part of his hon . friend to Monday , under an understanding however , on all sides , that no further delay should take place , unless something not then foreseen , should occur to render it necessary . then moved `` that there be laid before the house a Copy of the Letter of lord viscount Melville , dated the 28th of March , to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry ; and also , a copy of any proceedings had thereon , or of any answer thereto by the Said Commissioners of Naval Enquiry . `` —Agreed to . ( of Galway ) , pursuant to notice , moved , `` that there be laid before the house a copy of the evidence and proceedings before the committee of the parliament of Ireland , on passing the act of the 38th of his present majesty , attainting Cornelius Grogan , esq . of John 's town in the county of Wexford , so far as the same regarded the said Cornelius Grogan . '' He said it was proper to apprize the house of his object in making this motion . It was , that the evidence taken before the committee of the parliament of Ireland might be re-examined , to see whether it laid a sufficient ground for the proceedings