a loan , would be locked up for that purpose , might now be much more beneficially employed by being vested in trade , in the promoting and encouraging manufactures , in the improvement of agriculture , and in many other modes which that part of the kingdom is deficient in at present , and to render which most flourishing and prosperous , capital is only wanted . He allowed , there were some things attending this mode of raising money by loans , which he did not altogether approve , such as being connected with a sinking fund , and other inconveniences ; but it was but fair and right to consider every matter of this kind in all its bearings , and to put up with the bitters , for the sake of enjoying the 449 sweets . Upon the whole , he thought the right hon . gent . had conducted the business in a manner highly creditable to himself , and very advantageously to the country , and it was with infinite satisfaction he gave his approbation to it . The resolutions were then read and agreed to ; the house resumed , and the report ordered to be received on Monday.—Adjourned . The earl of Oxford was sworn and took his seat.—Counsel were further heard relative to the Scotch Appeal , Cathcart , bart . v. the earl of Cassilis , viz . Mr. H. Erskine in continuation on the part of the respondent.—The bills upon the table were respectively forwarded . The order of the day being read for their lordships going into a committee on this bill , rose for the purpose of opposing the proceeding . It was with pain he differed , and on topics of such peculiar importance as those involved in the measure in question , from the reverend and learned prelate who brought forward the bill . It was said , it would be a boon to the universities . No person could possibly have a greater respect for these very useful , learned , and respectable bodies , than himself ; yet he conceived that the bill before the house would operate rather as a boon to individuals belonging to those corporations , than to the institutions themselves . Great stress was laid upon the inconveniences produced by the restrictions which the bill was intended to remove , but he believed no proof whatever was brought forward of any practical inconvenience having taken place . The restriction had continued for more than half a century . It was enacted at the instance of that profound lawyer and venerable magistrate , lord Hardwicke , who , no doubt , had thoroughly considered the subject before he proposed the restraining clause . In the former debate on the subject , it was also said , the succession to the livings was at present too slow for the beneficial purposes of the institution ; but of this no proof was brought forward , and , as the case stood , he was entitled to contend , were the restriction removed , the succession would be too rapid . He was perfectly aware of the importance of the subject to which these conderations referred , and no one could be more willing to promote the comforts and 450 the interests of those persons affected by the bill , as far as the same could be done without trenching on those principles , and on that system , upon which the institutions were hitherto introduced . The important consideration of a due connection between the properties of the laity and the ecclesiastical establishments of the country , made also a part of the present subject . How far giving an unlimited power to the universities to acquire advowsons , would operate with respect to that consideration , was matter for serious discussion . He repeated , no practical inconvenience had hitherto been proved to exist . He was against conferring an unlimited power on the universities , though , under what had been stated , he had no objection to open the door wider , and to extend the proportion of the