should have been adopted of perpetuating those abuses , which it had so industriously developed , and the possible recurrence of which it had suggested the means of preventing . The country , however , which was sensible of the services of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , would not suffer itself to be deprived of the advantages of those discoveries and improvements which they had made and suggested ; they would not , in so important a branch of their defence and expenditure as the naval department , forego the benefits that might be expected , from a more correct and economical administration of the immense sums that were so freely contributed for maintaining it . He would trespass no longer upon their lordships ' time , but move the first resolution . said , he had no objection to the motion made by the noble lord . it would not be necessary for him to trouble their lordships at much length upon the present occasion ; whatever he had to say would come more regularly when the papers , which it was the object of the noble lord 's motion to obtain , should be made the foundation of some specific resolutions . He would not shrink from the discussion . There was one point , however , upon which he would , even at the present stage of the proceedings , declare himself . If there were any blame applicable to the repairing of ships in the merchant 's yards , that blame , he begged it to be understood , he would distinctly take upon himself . He would acknowledge , that he had advised and recommended that the king 's ships should be repaired in the merchants ' yards ; and for this reason , because he thought in the state in which our navy was , it could not be kept up without having 22 resort to the facilities for repairing it , afforded by the merchants ' yards . Upon the propriety of that measure , he challenged discussion , and would be happy to meet the noble lord when the subject should be fairly brought before the house . As to the calculations with which the house had been entertained , it would be premature in him to discuss them then ; when they should be regularly before their lordships , he would have an opportunity of inquiring into them , and making deductions from them by no means favourable to the conclusions drawn by the noble lord . If he were to be denominated a culprit , because he had contracted for the building of ships in the private yards , he would only say , that he had offended in common with almost every board of admiralty , except the last , that had ever existed in the country . The principle upon which they did so was one of the most powerful , it was one of strong necessity . It would not be possible to keep up the navy of this country in time of war , to maintain it with that formidable and commanding aspect which it ought to preserve , without having recourse to building in the merchants ' yards . It was possible , that some new system might have been established , some notable discovery , superseding the wisdom of all former admiralty boards , might have been made , but neither he , nor those with whom he had acted , thought that the honour , the advantage , or the security of the country would be consulted by a rash departure from the system which had been so long and so beneficially acted upon . He would , at the same time , frankly acknowledge , that he did not think that the merchants ' yards were to be built in out of choice ; they were employed from necessity in time of war , because the royal yards were not sufficient to meet the exigencies of the service . Whenever the comparative expense of building in the king 's and the merchants ' yards should fairly become the subject of consideration