of the house to this subject , he had stated , that the excessive issue of paper had arisen from the restriction of issues of specie from the Bank , and had produced the consequent depreciation . The object of his motion was , a disapprobation of the measures that had been taken by the commissioners of the treasury in order to remedy the high rate of exchange . Their measure were of a partial and temporary nature , answering no one purpose proposed , and leaving the exchange in precisely the same state . The noble lord here read from the papers on the table the different rates of exchange at which the Irish treasury had offered at different times their drafts upon this country , from 11½ per cent . to 8 1–3d at par ; and contended , that by giving their drafts at par , whilst the actual exchange was 13 or at least 12 per cent . they negociated the transmission of the loan at the loss to the public of 40,000l . on every million , and he should ask whether this was fair , legal , and regular ? An expectation was entertained in Dublin that the measures of the treasury would reduce the exchange to par ; and , consequently , the whole of the sums advertised had not been purchased whilst the rate was above par ; but , when the accommodation had been offered at par , though the sum wanted did not exceed 150,000l . the sum of 500,000l . was subscribed ; and such was the eagerness and avidity to procure a share of it , that a kind of riot had taken place amongst the bidders at the castle , which required the military to suppress . The house , he trusted , would put an end to this practice in future , as it had 68 produced no advantage , but great loss to public . The restriction of cash payments had caused an excessive issue of paper , which enabled the Bank Directors to give a bonus of 5 per cent . last year , making the total dividend on their stock 12 per cent . He should ask the right hon . chancellor of the exchequer under what possible circumstances he could renew the payments in specie ? As the restriction had now existed during a period of peace and of war , as the effect of it was an excessive issue of paper , and a consequent depreciation of it , and as by the measures pursued by the Irish treasury , a loss of 40,000l . had fallen on the public in every million , and as amidst this desolation of the finances of Ireland , the only stock that thrived was Bank Stock , he should therefore move his resolution , `` That it appeared to the house that a considerable part of the sums raised in G. Britain for Ireland , for the service of the year 1804 , had been transmitted to Ireland by Bank of England Post Bills ; and that said bills had been sold in Dublin by the commissioners of the treasury , by public advertisement , at rates inferior to those at which they had been before sold . `` —The other resolutions expressed disapprobation of the conduct of the Irish treasury in so doing.—On the question being put on the first resolution , observed , that whatever complexion the noble lord might put on his resolutions , they amounted to a direct charge on the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland . He had confounded the question of exchange with the conduct of the treasury . The right hon . gent . begged to state the nature of the transaction . A large loan had been negociated in England for the service of Ireland , and he had applied in Nov. to the Directors of the Bank in Ireland , to bring over the money , which they had refused , lest it should injure their character for impartiality , as some of them were concerned in the business of exchange . The commissioners