as that of England , and then the hatred to the protestants would not have subsisted as now it does ; but they had proceeded on a wrong foundation , and had erred on the system of intolerance in their principles much further than the catholics of England had ever done ; they could not now , at least on the sudden , be brought back from those errors into which their hierarchy had led them . We must consider the Roman catholics of Ireland as persons who refused to submit to those laws and principles of reformation which had transformed this country from a catholic to a protestant country . They were now disposed in Ire- 719 land to resist the laws in that particular , and would continue to do every thing in their power to do so . They must , therefore , be dealt with accordingly , and under such circumstances it would be the greatest madness to put into their hands more political power than they possessed already . He admitted that this was holding out a melancholy prospect , but that he could not help , for it was truth exacted it of him ; and although there was much force in the expression , that we ought to pay attention to the feelings of the great body of the people of Ireland who were catholics , yet it did not follow that we were to abandon the interest , and indeed the safety , of the protestants of Ireland , at least until the Roman catholics of Ireland shall put themselves in a different situation from that in which they are at present : until they should know how , like the catholics of England , to ask their priests and teachers , will you permit us to take the same oath as the catholics of England , they could not fairly or safely be trusted with that which the catholics of England enjoyed.—When they should be permitted by their priests to take the oaths in like manner as the catholics of England did , they might be put in the same state of independence , they might then be worthy of the benefits they now seek ; but as long as they remain slaves to the power to which they are at present slaves , his lordship said , he was of opinion they are not worthy of what is now asked in their behalf . He had a great deal more to say to their lordships upon this subject , but he felt that he had already trespassed too much upon their time , and he should , therefore , say no more upon tins occasion . rose to propose an adjournment . said , he had no objection , provided it was understood the house should meet again the next day time enough to dispose of this question in the course of the evening ; but if the adjournment was not proposed on these terms , he should feel it his duty to oppose it . again submitted to the house the propriety of adjourning , without coming to any terms of compromise as to the time the subject should take up in future discussion , or the time when that discussion should be renewed . ( Here there was a great cry of go on ! go on ! go on ! ) said , that if the adjournment was carried , their lordships would understand that they should meet at an hour 720 sufficiently early to go through with the whole before twelve at night , or decency would require another adjournment . declared , that unless the motion for adjournment specified the hour at which the debate was to be resumed , instead of leaving that point indefinite , he should be under the necessity of opposing the adjournment . thought that the regular way would be to put the question of adjournment generally in the first instance ; if that was carried , it would be competent to any noble lord to move that it be resumed at any hour he might think fit.— ( A