they should be replaced from the treasury as soon as the vote of credit passed . He was glad his right hon . friend , who was then treasurer of the navy , had explained the matter in the manner he had done . He Was sure lord St. Vincent was a man of honour , but without that explanation he should have found it difficult to reconcile the evidence with what he knew of the facts , though he could not suppose any improper design in lord St. Vincent . At the same time , it was obvious , that the hon . baronet stood fully acquitted by the documents on the table , so far as any charge may have been made against him of having acted in this business without being fully authorized . supposed the house must now be satisfied from the reading of the papers , that there was no intention to take the house by surprise , nor to advance any other unfair object , and that any surmise of that kind was absolutely unfounded . Whatever construction may now he put on the words of the evidence , the obvious impression they were calculated to make was , contrary to the intention of the noble lord , he did suppose , that sir A. Hamond had issued navy money for services , of which the first lord of the admiralty knew nothing . This was the impression they had made on his hon . and learned friend ( the attorney-general ) , till the matter had been explained . He asked , under these circumstances , what would have been the counsequence if the enquiry had been stifled in the manner that had been proposed ? What injury would not have been done to sir A. Hamond , if it had been only known that he had advanced the money to be replaced , but without the first lord of the admiralty having any acquaintance with the transaction for which it was advanced ? Now it appeared that-it was advanced for a service known and approved of by the first lord of the admiralty ; that there was an arrangement that it should be advanced by the comptroller of the navy , to be replaced by the treasury . It now appeared , and it was a point much relied on , that in 480 transaction which was purely naval , and which was approved of by the first lord of the admiralty , there was no objection on the part of that noble lord to the plan going forward , provided the expense was not defrayed out of the funds for the naval service . This was a new light , in which the transaction would not have been placed , if this discussion had not been instituted ; what the effect of it was , he should not say . was astonished to hear from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) that the natural construction was , that lord St. Vincent meant to say he knew nothing of the Stone expedition . Could any man suppose that was what his lordship designed to represent ? Was not the most indolent observer in the kingdom informed of it ? Then , as to the money , true it was there was no attack upon the integrity of the noble lord . Whether lord St. Vincent , in the high situation he held , did wright or wrong , in suffering the expedition to proceed , was a question on which at present he was called upon to give no opinion , but as a pecuniary transaction it was perfectly obvious he would not suffer the funds of the navy to be applied to it . The right hon . gent . said the design was to stifle the information contained in the papers . Did requiring them to he publicly read indicate any such indisposition ? Then why talk of surmises , when those hon . members to whom the surmises were attributed , could not have the most remote idea of their contents . With regard to