strain of probability , be , in a short time , converted into enemies . The effect of the continuance of this act would be , that the man who employed his capital in agriculture might safely conclude in deriving adequate profit from it , and in this manner 741 be put upon a fair footing with the manufacturer . argued , that the manufacturing interest should be supported against foreign competition , by supplying the necessities of workmen at a reasonable rate . A temporary depression of the farmer 's profits ought not to be made the cause of a permanent burthen on the consumer . said , he approved of the general principle of the act of last year , and was convinced that it had no share in the high price of grain , which was solely to be attributed to the deficiency of the crops throughout the country . It did much good from the encouragement it gave to importation , and he contended it to be impossible , that the interest of the agriculturist and manufacturer should ever be at variance with each other . If the house was once to discourage the grower for the present interest of the consumer , it must follow that the latter must ever afterwards be a sufferer by it ; and , at times , subjected to such aggravated prices as would be most severely and intolerably felt . He deprecated any farther discussion on the subject at present , but did not object to the committee , as he thought it the most effectual mode , in its report , of counteracting all erroneous opinions with regard to it . stated , that he had supported this bill when brought forward last session , and saw no reason why it should now be altered or repealed . No corn had been exported from Great Britain in consequence of it , nor had it prevented any from being imported ; it had done no harm ; and he , therefore , did not wish any investigation to take place . observed on the average prices , Which , he said , were against Scotland , and thought , if the committee , in this instance , was refused , a bill should be brought in specifically to regulate them . maintained that when the bill passed , the price of bread was not more than eightpence or ninepence the quartern loaf , and , in about a mouth after , it rose to about sixteen or seventeen pence , for no other reason but because the bill was in force . He would , therefore , give his assent to the motion . thought it better to go into the committee , and if it should be found that the bill had no effect , it might easily be altered . did not think the bill was the cause , of the rise of bread , and was sure , 742 if any gentleman would take the trouble of enquiring , he would find that it was the frost which came on in June . He thought it , however , desirable that the house should go into a committee . spoke in favour of the committee , and thought that , as the people had doubts , it was necessary that an investigation should take place . thought the interference of parliament in these matters had a bad effect on the market . opposed the motion for a committee , as he thought , whenever this subject was discussed , speculations took place , which were injurious , and , no doubt , would be enlarged , if the present motion were carried . Sir W. Curtis and Alderman Coombe thought the average too high , and agreed that the Louse should go into a committee . Lord Archibald Hamilton concluded the debate with asserting his design to be not to alter the bill if it were advantageous , but only to permit the committee to enquire into its merits ; so much he considered to be due to the petitioners and to the country . The