It is from the disproportion of our population to her , that we can have any our population . Why then do we hesitate to adopt a measure which would afford us powerful a reinforcement . In this age foreign conquests have been less valued than they were in former times ; but if conquests deserved to be ever so much esteemed , what 854 conquest ever could equal either the true glory or solid advantage of re-acquiring one-fourth of your population ? What prospect can be more consolatory than that of thus adding to your strength that which can not now be called a part of your strength , but may rather be named a part of your weakness ? The protestant ascendancy had been compared to a garrison in Ireland . It is not in our power to add to the strength of this garrison , but I would convert the besiegers themselves into the garrison . How can you suppose that the four millions of men should feel themselves in the situation of the other twelve millions , which form the population on the British empire ? They know that they furnish you with recruits , from whom you may with reluctance choose serjeants : they send you officers , but they know they can never rise to the rank of general . They supply you with sailors , who never can advance to any eminence in their profession . How different would our policy be , how different our situation in a military point of view , were the means I proposed adopted ! There would be no differences , no discontents ; but all the subject of the empire , enjoying equal rights , would join with one heart and one mind in its defence . I am sanguine in believing , that these equal rights and laws will be granted to the Roman catholics . I am even sanguine enough to believe , that many bad consequences which might be expected to result from a refusal of them , will not follow the rejection of this petition . I rely on the affection and loyalty of the Roman catholics of Ireland ; but I would not press them too far , I would not draw the cord too tight . It is surely too much to expect that they will always fight for a constitution in the benefits of which they are not permitted to participate . No permanent advantage can arise from any measure , except that which shall restore them to the full enjoyment of equal rights with their fellow citizens . In the present situation of Europe , and when the designs of the enemy are considered , Ireland is a place where the active exertions of this country may be required ; and this is one of the ground on which I am anxious that the motion I am about to propose should be acceded to . Whatever be the fate of the question , I am happy in having had this opportunity of bringing it under the consideration of the longer , but to move , `` that the petition be referred to the consideration of the committee of the whole house . '' then rose , and spoke as follows : Sir ; I have read the petition now before the house , and list of names subscribed to it ; they amount in the whole to ninety-one persons : of these , six are peers ; three are baronets , the rest untitled commoners . Of the six peers , one is an English as well as an Irish peer , who has no property in Ireland , and is an Englishman both by birth and residence . The petition is thus entitled : `` A petition of the Roman catholics of Ireland , whose names are thereunto subscribed , in behalf of themselves and of others his majesty 's subjects professing the Roman catholic religion . '' With what propriety this English peer can be styled a Roman catholic of Ireland I shall not take upon me to determine . Of the remaining five peers three