by Mr. Rose . There were eleven reports before the house , and only one of them had as yet been examined . There were even several papers now before the house quite fresh from the press , which could not yet have been examined , but which , however , were represented as urgently calling for examination . The vote , therefore , in his mind , should not be general , as fresh materials might hereafter be produced in defence of those whose characters were affected by the reports of the commissioners . As the amendment seemed to him to improve the motion in the sense which he thought it should be received , it should have his concurrence . said , certainly the original motion of his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Sheridan ) meant to approve the whole conduct of tile commissioners . He could not agree to the amendment , because , being entered on the journals , it would imply an opinion , that the whole of the commissioners ' conduct was not entitled to thanks . He thought that any expression of general approbation of their conduct must mean the whole , and , therefore , he liked the motion neither the better nor the worse for the omission of that word . If the house did not mean to express full approbation of the conduct of the commissioners , or to say this was not the time , let 581 them reject the motion altogether ; but he could assent to no amendment that could be deemed an abatement to the object of the original motion . Many of the reports of the commissioners had been above a year before the house , and yet no fault was found with them by gentlemen on the other side , nor any proposal made for their investigation . Even the tenth report was not fully considered , but was referred for farther consideration to the select committee up stairs . It was well known that carpings , cavillings , and malicious insinuations had been directed against the conduct of those commissioners , by persons whom their vigilance had detected and exposed . The motions of his hon . friend was designed to refute those calumnies by a general declaration of thanks from the house . From what had fallen from a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , early in the debate , he was taught to believe there was no very material objection to the motion . If the house , then , did thank them , let it be done liberally and generally , or not at all . thought the motion of thanks altogether unnecessary , as well as untimely , inasmuch as the vote of a majority upon a former night , in approbation of the tenth report , was already 2 vote of approbation ; and because a much better opportunity for expressing the sense of the house generally upon the conduct of the commissioners , would occur when they had concluded the labours entrusted to them , neither which , nor the period of their appointment , were yet terminated . Why had there been no motion of thanks proposed to them on the seventh or ninth report as well as now ? He could not think the commissioners themselves really wished for any thanks for arty consequence resulting front their enquiries . Such a vote , he thought , would rather have the effect of biassing the commissioners , and involving them in those party differences which seemed to exist in that house . Besides , the commissioners , in any thing they had done , had only complied with duties to which they were bound by oath , and it would not be holding them very high to thank them fur doing a duty to which they were solemnly sworn . agreed in the construction given by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , that a vote of general thanks to the conduct of the commissioners must mean the whole , and , therefore , not approving their