sacrifice every thing in its defence ? Besides , was it not perfectly well known that when the union took place the Irish catholics had the best reason to think that they in particular would be benefited in their political rights by that measure ; and if their claims were rejected , by some too who had fostered those hopes , must they not be filled with indignation ? Must they not feel that , they had been deluded and abused ? Must they not feel that they had not received that share of the constitution which was promised to them ? Privileges of importance formerly denied , had gradually been conceded , but without others those would be fruitless . The catholics were not subjects on the same footing with others . They felt this . For instance , would it make difference to the catholics to find that they were capable of being sheriffs ; and was not the privation of such honours grating to the feelings and degrading to the character of whole body so disqualified ? There was another grievance too which operated not only a against the catholics , but against the interest of the com- 703 munity at large . The disqualification to hold commands in the army and navy frequently drove men of talents , of courage , to serve in the forces of other nations , sometimes of our enemies . This he had an opportunity of seeing with his own eyes , and could it be doubted that this was a hardship on the catholic body , and a loss to the state ? It surely was a most severe injustice that the catholics were deemed incapable of rank and distinction , in professions where rank and distinction were of such value as in the military ? Was it no hardship , too , that the catholics of an inferior order were sometimes enlisted into corps , and afterwards not only deprived of the exercises of religion according to their own opinions , but obliged to attend places of protestant worship ? Surely these were grievances , and severe ones , weighing down and oppressing every class of the catholics of Ireland . And was the object of the petition then one which it was fit to declare undeserving of consideration ? It was surprising to hear the contrariety of objections urged to the measure.—One said that the catholics did not complain ; another said they complained , too , the inference from whence was , that it would be in vain to attempt to conciliate people whom it was impossible to please . In corroboration of this , the authority of O'Connor and Dr. Mac Nevin was produced to shew that catholic emancipation would not satisfy the United Irishmen . But was the authority of those persons conclusive with the noble lords in every other part of Irish affairs ? Did they believe that granting the wishes of a great part of the people of Ireland would not take out of the hands of those who wanted to separate the two countries , those instruments of misleading the people which they had used with success ? It was only when they were brought to think that catholic emancipation and reform could not be obtained in a lawful manner , that many , at last , in despair , plunged fro disappointment into treason and rebellion . It was said , that the present system of laws , including the restrictions and disqualifications of the catholics , was one of the outworks of the constitution and ought to be maintained . But was not Ireland itself an outwork of this country ; an outwork , too , which , if taken , would leave this country bare ? Was it not then peculiarly necessary for the defence of this country to strengthen that outwork by conciliating the people by whom it is occupied ? Much had been said of the share which the preservation of the church , and 704 the hatred of the catholic religion had done to promote the glorious revolution of 1688 . But surely if it was