, and they are not members of the most tolerant sect . It is true , that from the bias of their intellectual attainments , from the improvement of their minds , and from their enlightened understanding , they are above narrow religious prejudices ; yet from the profession of their faith , they are not more liberal or tolerant than the Roman catholics . The Roman catholics are charged with saying , there is no salvation for heretics , and the Scots kirk says , it is blasphemy to assert that any can be saved who are not of their faith . Out of these forty-five members , not more than three or four could be persuaded to decide with us in favour of the repeal of the test act . It is said , how can we employ persons in office who are not of the established religion . In Ireland they are acceptable , because there is no test act . If it is said that We want to put the catholics in a better situation than the dissenters , let it be recollected that we are talking of Ireland . But is it supposed that the test act is the means of assuring that every man shall be member of the church of England ? Do we not know , that in the reign of queen Anne , bills of occasional conformity were passed ; and that in the reign of George I many of the dissenters only took the sacrament to shew their disposition in favour of the established church , however they might not agree as to parts of the liturgy ? Will any body say that taking the sacrament proves a man to be a supporter of the church of England ? May not a dissenter take the sacrament , and yet consider the liturgy of the church of England as the most consummate bigotry ? This leads me to another part of subject , which was stated by a right hon . and learned gent . ( Sir W. Scott ) , who , I flatter myself , I may call my friend . The 1058 principle flower of his eloquence consisted in the repetition of the word `` must . '' He seemed to think , that the fundamental laws of the church of England `` must '' be repealed by granting the prayer of the catholics . The exclusion of the catholics from seats in parliament , and the existence of the test acts , are the props , according to the right hon . and learned gent. , which support the church of England . What , then , was the state of the church of England in the reigns of Elizabeth , of James the first , and Charles the first ? Were those princes not the heads of the church as effectually as his present majesty ; nay , would it not be deemed the grossest abomination to doubt , even , that Charles , the first fell a martyr , to the church of England ? Yet , throughout the reigns of these princes , Roman catholics sat in parliament , and the test act had no existence . Granting the thirty-nine articles of the church of England to be not repugnant to the free principles of the constitution as established in the reign of king William ; yet the homilies which follow are by many stated to be an absolute condemnation of the very thing which took place at the time of the revolution . Nay , did not Sacheverel openly attack , and upon the authority of these homilies , stigmatise that great proceeding as impious , and utterly destructive of the church of England ? — Now , with regard to those learned places which form a repository for the essential doctrines of religion , I mean the universities , in one of which ( the university of Oxford ) I had the honour to receive part of my early education , if I was to produce the decree of that university of 1688 , against limited government , describing it as one