was thrown out by the grand jury , anti the solicitor who was employed to conduct the prosecution , wrote to the victualling office to say that the grand jury was tampered with . Upon the authority of this letter those commissioners thought proper to publish such a statement in the eighth report . Was it right to throw out such an insinuation as this to the public , and particularly upon such grounds ? Was it discreet , was it fair , to charge a respectable body of men with perjury ? for the charge amounted to nothing less . Those commissioners were also accused of having improperly alledged that the high price of stores which was complained of in the West Indies , was owing to the neglect of the navy board to send out stores for the service of our fleets in that quarter in due time , according to their duty . Now it appeared that the navy board had not omitted to attend to their duty in this case . For they had sent out two ships in proper time laden with stores , which ships were lost , and to that loss was attributable the high price of stores which was complained of . This fact was , he understood , communicated to the 572 commissioners , and if so it certainly ought to have been stated . If the fact were so , the house would judge whether any charge attached to the navy board , and whether the commissioners acted fairly in attempting to impute it . When they reported the fact respecting the price of stores in the West Indies , and undertook to ascribe that evil to the navy board , they ought certainly , in fairness , to have annexed to that report any communication they had received from that board in vindication of its conduct , particularly such a material communication as that he had alluded to . The commissioners might say that they had not received this communication at all . He could only state to the house what he had been informed . It had been also told to him that one of the commissioners of the navy , Mr. Gambier , was examined before the naval commissioners , and some of his answers were inaccurately taken down by those commissioners . These inaccuracies were printed anti corrected , and vet in the appendix to the report , the inaccuracies remain without the corrections . The same complaint was made with respect to the testimony of a principal clerk to the navy board . This clerk made a memorandum of all his answers—several of them were found to be incorrectly noted by those commissioners—such incorrectnesses , upon being pointed out by the clerk , were admitted and corrected . Still the omission appears in the appendix . Now those corrections which are omitted are all stated to be material to form a fair judgment of the conduct of the navy board , and , if so , their omission can not induce a conclusion favourable to the character of the commissioners to whom the motion before the house referred . Indeed , if the facts were well founded , which he laid before the house precisely in the manner they were mentioned to him ; if these commissioners suppressed any documents with which they were furnished , and which were at all necessary to enable parliament and the country to decide upon the characters of men . whom their reports affected , he would leave if to the house to judge of the propriety of adopting a vote of unqualified thanks toe such a commission . With such information before him , however , he hoped the house would feel satisfied that the exception he had thought it his duty to make to theses commissioners did not rest on light grounds ; that there was nothing in it so warm , intemperate and unjust as some gentlemen seemed to imagine . At all events , it could 573 scarcely be denied , that previous to a vote Of indiscriminate approbation , each of the points he