time to be stated when other grounds , were made ; whether the grounds were stated verbally or in writing , and by whom , if in writing , Copies thereof to be laid before the house . '' He understood that the merchant-builders complained , that they sustained considerable loss from the ships which they built in 1800 for 21l . per ton , and that they were now held strictly to the terms of their contract , and made responsible for any bad workmanship that may be discovered at a future period , —Next for the `` Copy of a letter from the Navy Board to the Admiralty , dated the 24th Nov. 1802 , inclosing the offer made by Mr. Brindley to build a 74-gun ship and a frigate . '' This gentleman , he was informed , offered to build a 74 at 21l . per ton , two years after the time the other builders say they suffered such loss.—His two next motions would be `` For a schedule of the prices for workmanship and materials , which the Navy Board has agreed to pay the merchant-builders for ships ordered to be repaired by them since the 1st of June 1804 , and against each article to be stated the sum which it costs the public in Deptford-yard ; '' also , `` A statement to be made by the officers of Deptford-yard , shewing for what price per ton a ship of 74 guns and 1730 tons , could be built in that yard , in Jan. 1800 and 1805 ; according to the scheme of task for workmanship , and the prices paid in that yard for rough oak timber , and the other necessary materials at the above-mentioned periods . '' The merchant-builders had demanded , and are to be paid about 71 per cent . more than the prices in Deptford yard , where a 74 could be built for about 181. per ton in 1800 , and about 241. per ton at the present moment.—The two next were for `` A statement , shewing the defective or improper workmanship and materials , which have appeared in his majesty 's ships Ajax and Achilles . Also the amount of the several repairs which have been done to them , or of the estimate for repairing the latter ; the time when they were launched , commissioned , and paid off , prior to Aug. 1802 , to be stated . Also `` A copy of the letter sent to the admiralty , by the captain of his majesty 's ship Ardent , dated 28th March 1804 , on the subject of the iron bolts , which had worked out of that ship . '' The Ajax and Achilles were only 4 years in commission , and they have each since cost from 12 to 20,000l . in repairs.—He 153 should next move for `` An account of the Additional Naval Force ordered to be provided between the 15th and 30th of May 1804 ; together with an estimate of the expence thereof ; the number of guns and men each ship was to carry , to be distinctly stated . '' Also , `` Copies of all letters or representations which have been made by admiral lord Keith , or the transport board , to the admiralty , respecting the inefficiency of the Additional Naval Force , called defence ships , and armed transports , and a statement shewing how they have since been disposed of . '' Also , `` A statement of the force , under the command of admiral lord Keith , on the 15th of May 1804 , and the 20th of March 1805 . '' The defence ships had been represented as being of no use , but rather as incumbrance , and they had all been ordered to be employed as transports . Lord Keith 's force had been reduced nine sail of the line and several frigates , and 9 sloops and 21 gun-brigs had been added.—He would move for `` A list of the gun-brigs which were ordered to be fitted as fire