that as the baronetage was given that gentleman for his services in the army , it was therefore brought into the army extraordinaries , it being always usual , when that honour was conferred for services to pay the expenses . As to the emigrants , this was a charge for such emigrants only as have served in our armies , and are paid abroad in order to save the expense of coming to this country . This was absolutely necessary , when foreigners , who had served us , had no other means of gaining a livelihood in this country , and the army extraordinaries were the most convenient head of service under which they could be classed.—The resolutions were then read , and severally agreed to . —On the question for going into a committee on the Irish Silver Tokens bill ; requested the attention of the house while he made a few observations on this bill , which , he thought , would be as properly made in this as in any other stage of it . He observed , that in a conversation which passed in that house , some short time since , it appeared that the rate of exchange being so much against Ireland was in consequence of the very large quantity of paper that was in circulation in that part of the empire . These tokens , as they were called , were , in his opinion , very little , if at all , better than paper ; and as they would be subject to great depreciation , he saw very little benefit to be derived from this measure . He thought the only way to serve Ireland effectually would be to restore a real silver coinage directly under the royal authority , and thereby to assimilate the coinages of the two countries as nearly as possible . For these reasons he could not approve the bill . said , he thought some limitation should be put to these tokens , and hoped a standard coinage would soon take place . said , the silver tokens were tokens above the value of the price of dollars , and therefore he thought there was no fear of the apprehensions entertained by the hon . gent . who spoke last but one . It had been for a long time in contemplation to .make a standard coinage , but there were certain obstacles to it which at present could not be removed . said , if the old standard were 598 restored , every thing would be much cheaper , and the country would derive innume rable benefits from it . said it was much to be wished that the old standard was restored , but that would require some considerable time ; and , as a large quantity of paper had been lately taken out of circulation , it became absolutely necessary something of this kind should be adopted . With respect to the assimilation of the coinage of the two countries , it was a subject that required great consideration , and therefore necessary this bill should pass as speedily as possible . said the hon . member who made the objection to this bill , most certainly was not acquainted with the situation of Ireland , or he would not argue as he had done . Silver notes , which were the only circulation for making payment of small sums , were now drawn out of circulation , and it was necessary something should be substituted in their stead , as there is now no circulating medium for small payments . He was , however , one of those who did not think the quantity of paper that had been in circulation was injurious to Ireland ; the fact had never been proved , and till it was so , he should differ from those who held that opinion . said very little remained for him to say on the subject . There was at present great distress in Ireland for want of small silver change , and as it is only to continue so long as the restriction of the