then , in the name of common sense , should we trouble ourselves about the severe measures pursued , the excommunications and loss of possessions denounced against Raymond , count of Toulouse his confederates , and subjects ? But there is one striking lesson to be collect from the passage of our history which I have just related . We have there a most illustrious example , that a catholic clergy can distinguish their civil from their religious duties , and be among the foremost to defend the liberties of their country from papal ambition and usurpation . Permit me also to remark , sir , if it to do not seem too , researched , that we find there signal instance of the beneficent care of Providence in converting what was designed for destruction , into the means of safety and support . That very council , which aimed to annihilate for ever the rising liberties of this country , did incidentally contribute much to consolidate their strongest bulwark , the TRIAL BY JURY . One of its canons strictly enjoined the priests to refuse the aid of their ministry , which was indispensably necessary , to the absurd and superstitious trials by fire and water : and the removal of these barbarous usages made way for the establishment of the trial by jury , one of the most important provisions of the GREAT CHARTER.—And now , sir , as I trust all our public fears of mischief from this gunpowder council of Lateran are pretty well over by this time , I shall employ one or two sentences in offering a little private consolation to the learned member . The council in condemning the opinions of abbot Joachim , declared him to be a good sort of a well-meaning man , though a little wrong-headed , and as the ecclesiastical body over which he had presided , conducted themselves unexceptionably , no disturbance was to be given to them . So , if the petitioners Should succeed ; if they should return a hundred members to this house , as the learned gentleman anticipates ; and by these hundred members carry all things before them ; as he apprehends ; they will , I hope remember mercy in that day a their triumph , and pass no harsher judgment on and on the profession , of which now the head . Yet if they should go the uncharitable length the censure on poor Amaury , I doubt not that the learned gentleman bear it with patience and chearfulness in so good a cause even though another general council 992 of Lateran should say , as the former said ; — '' the father of lies has so confounded his understanding , that his errors have more absurdity than heresy in them . '' During the two following centuries there were councils in plenty ; but the learned member can find none to his taste , till at the end of that interval he comes to that which assembled at Constance . But in What copy of their proceedings does he read the execrable doctrine alleged , that it is lawful to break faith with heretics ? oh ! he deduces it from the condemnation of Huss , notwithstanding that he had come with a safe-conduct . But from whom ? From the council ? No ; but from the emperor Sigismund , who , as they thought , ( and as far as I understand the constitution of those councils , I do think with them ) had no right or authority to bind them or prejudice their jurisdiction . And there is , in corroboration of this , a pretty strong fact which the learned gentleman could undoubtedly have told us if he would , The very pope who convened the council of Constance , and who was afterwards deposed by it , though furnished , by the same emperor Sigismund , with a passport of the same tenor with that in the possession of John Huss , nevertheless thought it necessary to have recourse to flight for the security of his person when he stood in