to property , is under their control.—This extraordinary situation of the Roman catholic clergy of Ireland , the noble lord observed , has proceeded from the same cause which has produced many other evils in that unfortunate country . At the time of the reformation , and long after , a great part of Ireland was not reduced , and perhaps at this moment a great part of Ireland can scarcely be said to be reduced , to due obedience to law : Until some years after the accession of James I. a very large portion of the country did not in any degree acknowledge the king 's authority , and in most parts the submission to law was very imperfect . In the reigns of Henry VIII and of his son Edward and daughter Elizabeth , when the reformation was established in England , the authority of the legislature extended with effect over a very small district of Ireland ; and therefore although the legislatures of Ireland passed laws for effecting the reform of the papal corruptions and abuses in Ireland , as had 1070 been made in England ; and for removing such of the clergy as should refuse to submit to the reform , the laws were very imperfectly obeyed ; and the more powerful government finally established by James , though its authority was generally acknowledge , in a greater or less degree , over the whole island , was yet unable , in many parts effectually to enforce obedience to any law . When the government of Charles I. was disturbed in England and Scotland , his authority in Ireland became so reduced that at length the Roman catholic clergy assumed absolute control over a large portion of the country , quieted the protestant clergy seized on the ecclesiastical revennes , and established their hierarchy in the full possession of the powers and emoluments of the ancient church . They were reduced to submission by Cromwell , and their new assumption of authority and revenue was in a considerable degree repressed ; but the ejected clergy were not restored . That clergy regained its authority , and a considerable portion of revenue , at the restoration of Charles II . but his government never pursued any effectual measures for their support and they were again ejected by the popish parliament of James II . which repealed the act of settlement , attainted the principal protestant proprietors , and gave to posterity an example of the treatment Which the protestants of Ireland may expect from catholic ascendancy . Until , therefore , the victories of king William had decided the fate Ireland by completing the revolution and fully establishing the protestant religion , the protestant clergy had held only a divided and disturbed possession , openly insulted and violated by the Roman catholic clergy . —These circumstances had produced the marked difference between the Roman catholics of England and those of Ireland . Having occasionally resided in a part of England where there happened to be a larger proportion of Roman catholic inhabitants than in most parts of the country , and having now resided for some time in Ireland , the difference forcibly struck his mind . In the parts of England to which he alluded if Roman catholic farmer or labourer Was to be distinguished by his general conduct and character from protestants of the same rank in life , it was because he was more temperate , more orderly , more generally submissive to the law . He would leave it to such noble lords as had had the opportunity of knowing the fact to say , whether the case in Ireland was not directly the reverse . What could be the cause 1071 of this difference ? He would give the answer of an intelligent English catholic.—The Roman catholic clergy in England studiously endeavour to make the people under their care temperate , orderly , and submissive to law ; well knowing that in England they could hope for indulgence from good conduct alone . But in Ireland the Roman catholic clergy unfortunately conceived that their power , their emoluments , and