with the interests of Ireland , with reference to this country . I ask not your lordships whether these difficulties ought to 659 have existed ; no man can deny that they did present themselves , and were considered of great weight . It happily is the case at the moment I am addressing you , that by a measure ; which , I trust , has rendered the most lasting benefits to the British empire , these difficulties are removed . By the operation of that great measure , the union of the two kingdoms , the objection that arose to the forms of the Irish parliament have no bearing on the representation of the united parliament . The other objection is also removed ; because , whatever influence and weight you would have given to the proportion of the catholics over the parliament of Ireland , exactly the same must be given to the proportion of the protestants of the parliament of the united kingdom ; therefore you come to the question unfettered by the difficulties which prevented the adoption of the measure before , and , in the opinion of many , would have made it impossible to have carried it into effect in the Irish parliament : however , not only did the union remove these great and important difficulties , but it did two things more , which I trust you will not omit to bear in mind , on considering the motion with which I shall trouble your lordships . It did , in the first place , excite great hopes in the minds of the catholics of Ireland , that , by the operation of the union , they would be relieved from their disabilities . No authorized assurance was ever given ; no promise was ever made to the catholics , that such a measure would be the consequence of the union ; but , it is no less true , that by the arguments of those who supported the union , by the course of reasoning , in doors and out of doors , hopes were given , that the subject of catholic emancipation would be more favourably considered here than it was ever likely to be in the parliament of Ireland . Those who wished well to the union could not so far betray their trust as not to state , that one of the recommendations of the measure was , that it did seem to afford the only practicable mode of preventing the renewal of the disputes which had produced such calamities in Ireland . It was not , therefore , either from persons authorized , or not authorized to make assurances as to the effect of the union , that the hopes of the catholics were raised ; it was from the nature of the subject itself that they entertained , and were justified in entertaining , great and sanguine expectations that the 660 measure would lead to the consequences so anxiously desired . This assurance was given to the catholics upon the authority of every man who spoke in parliament , whether in or out of office , that if the united parliament was assembled , they would undoubtedly be permitted to present their petition at the bar : that their petition would not only be received , but it would be deliberately considered , and that whatever difficulties had before stood in the way of the accomplishment of their object , it was impossible that the united parliament could refuse to give their utmost attention to the subject , to enter minutely into it , to examine it fully , not by one sweeping vote , but to pursue it in detail , and to investigate all the circumstances respecting the interests , state , and condition of that important part of the population of Ireland . It is this pledge which I now call upon you to renew . It is not now that I am going to call on you to adopt any measure . I shall state what is the measure you ought to take . All I have to propose is ,