ever appeared at the head of the naval department the country , it was the duty of the house to mark their reprobation of the sentiment . Was it fitting , he would call upon the house to de dare , that the noble lord should be attacked in that vile way ? Was it just that his honour , he would say the honour of the country ( for the honour of that noble lord was a part , and a prowl part , of the glory and the honour of the country ) should be thus struck at and wounded in that base and inglorious manner ? The blow , which was apparently directed against the commissioners of naval enquiry , was in truth , and in fact , levelled at that noble lord . The commissioners had a claim upon the gratitude and protection of the house . While they were hunting down corruption and peculation , and pursuing them through all their foul and secret retreats and lurking places , they were entitled to all the encouragement which the legislature could hold out to them . He should be sorry that the motion he proposed should occasion any diversity of opinion ; he wished to meet the feelings of the house . He would he sorry that any division should arise on a motion , which he had hoped would have been almost unanimously acceded to , but he could not consent to abandon the word whole in the manner proposed . He would not be satisfied that the amendment should appear upon the Journals , although he was disposed to meet the ideas of the hon . gent . who proposed it , if he were allowed to amend the motion himself . acquiesced in the proposition of Mr. Sheridan , and declared his rea- 587 diness , with the consent of the house , to withdraw his amendment.—The amendment being accordingly withdrawn , withdrew his original motion , and immediately proposed the following : resolved , `` That it appears that the commissioners appointed by an act of the 43d year of his majesty 's reign , to enquire and examine into any irregularities , frauds , or abuses , which are and have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned , have , as far as appears from the reports which they have hitherto made , exerted themselves with great diligence , ability , and fortitude ; and that their conduct in the execution of the arduous duties entrusted to them , entitles them to the warmest approbation and encouragement of this house . `` He disclaimed , at the same time , any admission , upon his part , that any that had been proved against the conduct of thing commissioners , and declared , that reason why he assented to any modification in the form of his motion was , that gentlemen had not time to examine the reports.—The question was then put on the motion , as altered by Mr. Sheridan , when the speaker declared the ayes had it.—Mr . Sheridan next moved the following resolution : —resolved , `` That this resolution be communicated by Mr. Speaker to the said commissioners . `` —Agreed to.—Adjourned . —Mr . Leycester , attended by several members , brought up a message from the commons , in substance , desiring their lordships permission to a member of that house , lord viscount Melville , to attend a committee of the house of commons to whom was referred the consideration of so much of the tenth report of the commissioners of naval inquiry as related to the application of monies imprest to the treasurer of the navy to purposes other than the service of his majesty 's navy ; and also what communications were made to the lords commissioners of the treasury , or chancellor of the exchequer , respecting the same , & c.—The messengers having withdrawn , moved `` that their lordships do send an answer to the message just delivered from the commons by messengers of their own . '' Which being ordered accordingly