to screen a delinquent , though they have at last been obliged , to give him up . stated that the resolution he had announced to the house had not the least connection with any transaction out of doors . This he most distinctly denied . As to the allusions of the hon . gent . who had just sat down , to what he called a canvas of the members , he saw nothing censurable in his availing himself of his extensive intercourse with members to ascertain their sentiments upon any public question . This was a right which belonged to any member of that house , and he believed it was the general practice with every Member who had any proposition to bring forward . When he found that any particular proceeding was wished for by a majority of the house , he thought it but right and respectful to take that proceeding at once , and thus prevent the necessity of debate . By this course the time of the house was saved , and its opinion treated with due deference . What he had done in such a way lie by no means thought inconsistent with his official duty , or the respect he owed to the constitution and privileges of that house . disclaimed having said , that he believed the change in the right . hon . gent 's . Conduct to proceed from the transaction referred to out of doors . Nor did he mean to impute blame to an endeavour to consult the opinion of members upon any public question . But he expressed his surprize that if this measure had been taken in compliance with the sense of the house , it had not been taken earlier—that it had not immediately followed those resolutions which passed the house so long since . observed , that there was not one word in the resolutions alluded to , recommending the removal 608 of lord Melville 's name from his majesty 's councils , or tall relating to it . corroborated the statement of the chancellor of the exchequer , that the resolutions referred to contained no expression of an opinion that the name of lord Melville should be erased from the list of his majesty 's council . Nor did the hon . Gentleman who spoke last but one ( Mr. Fox ) express any wish to that effect . On the contrary , the hon . gent . was heard to glory in his own dismissal and that of another person , from the list of his majesty 's council , and to state his hope that that would not by any part of the public be considered a disgrace . Was not this then pretty clearly to express an opinion , that it was not his desire to produce that effect which had been communicated to the house , with regard to lord Melville , whom it was so much the study of the hon . gent . to degrade ? The house , however , witnessed the hon . gent . 's conduct , and it was for them to judge whether it sprung at , all from a love of public equity , or was influenced by any feeling of humanity . It had been stated that the noble lord was guilty of public plunder , and therefore incapable of those feelings which would entitle a man to compassion . But he most positively denied that any such guilt could be ascribed to him . That he had connived at the misconduct of Trotter , he was ready to admit , but that he had participated of any of the emoluments resulting from that misconduct he ever should contradict . Nothing had appeared before the house to justify the charge of lord Melville 's having joined in public robbery , and if any gentleman should assert such a thing , he was prepared to meet him . With respect to the hon . gent . 's professed desire to punish and prevent peculation , and the improper use of the public money , the house and the country must