of any such favours . The noble lord defended them because they had served with credit and honour those by whom they were employed . This sort of justice was due , not merely to their particular merits , but it was due to the country whose interests they had promoted . Will the right hon . gent . opposite , who , on the occasion when the motion for an inquiry was brought forward , moved the amendment , say , that he did not seriously believe that the charge was unfounded—will he say that he was not convinced that their conduct , so far from being liable to censure , was entitled to the highest approbation and gratitude ? Am I then to be told that the noble lord who appeared in defence of the noble lords was conferring a favour on them , or any of those with whom they were connected ? Am I to hold myself under obligations to the noble lord for a defence of those gallant officers , whom he himself had employed , and who had signalized themselves in the public service ? The right hon . gent. , however , takes some merit to the noble lord for employing those who were known not to be in all cases favourable to the administration of that period . Without dwelling on this point , or ascertaining how far the noble lords at that time differed from ministers , it is sufficient for me to say , that to employ naval and military men of all different parties , is no proof of the moderation of ministers . They are compelled , whether they will or not , to employ the Services of those who are distinguished by their talents or their experience , and the minister who would act otherwise would soon find that he could not long persevere in arrangements utterly repugnant both to the feelings of this house and the country . It is hardly possible to conceive ministers guilty of a greater crime than refusing the services of persons of known talents , and to whose employment the only existing objection is some differences of political opinion . But the right hon . gent . has represented the defence of those noble persons as a work of great difficulty . It is of consequence to see , then , how the case really stands . Why , sir as nearly as I can recollect , though I do not remember what was the majority , only sixteen members , that is the odd numbers on the di- 343 vision of Monday , could be found to support that charge now represented as so formidable . The case was one of the plainest and least intricate that can be supposed , and , therefore , the noble lord 's defence was , in point of difficulty , trifling , and , in point of Justice , the noble lords had a right to expect it from those who employed them . I have been obliged to say so much on this topic , for , after what fell from the right hon . gent. , it was quite impossible for me to have remained silent . Indeed , the right hon . gent 's allusion to this business was equally ill judged and impolitic . It was calculated to excite unpleasant feelings , without at all advancing that cause which he affected to support . The right hon . gent . has alluded to the warmth with which the noble lord has been attacked ; but , really , I am at a loss to discover where the least evidence of it has been exhibited . I have felt no personal warmth or vindictive spirit on the subject , and I am sure no part of the conduct of my hon . friend has betrayed any appearance of a rancorous spirit . I have supported my hon . friend from a sense of duty , and I only regret that I have been prevented from taking that share in the discussion which I could have wished . The right hon