, the messengers from the commons , were ordered to be called in , and the lord chancellor , with the usual forma- 588 lities , communicated to them the resolution of the house . The messengers having retired ; rose to call their lordship 's particular attention to the proceeding which had just taken place . He would first move , that the standing order be read by the clerk , which was accordingly done . This order imported that no peer of the realm , a , member of that house , should attend the house of commons , or any committee thereof , to answer matters of charge or accusation against themselves , either in person or by their counsel , & c. on pain of being committed . to the custody of the black rod , or sent to the Tower during the pleasure of that house . His lordship then observed , that the case which was involved by the recent message from the commons , was one of very considerable and peculiar importance ; though no consideration of the kind was expressly referred to in the message. , yet , from the votes of the house of commons , which had come to his knowledge upon the subject , there was no doubt but matters of charge and accusation against lord viscount Melville were connected with the proceeding . He had therefore , with reference to what he had reason to think would take place , enquired respecting such precedents as existed of such cases ; and though he met with several , yet he did not feel himself fully informed , or adequately prepared to recommend at present any distinct line , or course of proceeding . He then adverted to the circumstances which gave rise to the standing order which had been just read , and stated a few cases in the way of precedent , which , he conceived , bore a resemblance to the present . Among these , the case of the duke of Buckingham , who , in March 1626 , was required to attend the , house of commons , on matters of charge and accusation against himself . Some farther proceedings took place on that case on the 14th of the following month ; the result was , that their lordships resolved the duke should not attend the house of commons . A case nearly similar occurred in the year 1673 , in that of the earl of Arlington , who was also required to attend the house of commons to answer on matters of accusation against him . In this case , their lordships , after duly considering the case , and though the earl of Arlington himself desired to be examined , refused their consent , and subsequently resolved upon the standing order now upon the book . In the present instance , he repeated , though the message did 589 not directly mention matter of accusation against lord viscount Melville , yet he could not avoid observing ( not meaning however to give any decided opinion upon the subject ) that it expressly referred to the tenth report of the commissioners of naval inquiry , a copy of which was on their lordship 's table , and which contained matters of grave and serious accusation against that noble lord . This report , he could collect from the votes of the commons , was referred to a select committee , who were desired to examine into several points contained therein ; and , among others , into the application of public monies entrusted to the treasurer of the navy to other services than those of the navy . A proceeding of this kind , so set forth , although it may prove , upon due enquiry and explanation , to be even a meritorious line of conduct ; yet , prima facie , it was to be regarded in the light of matter of accusation ; therefore , from what evidence they had before them , derived from the report upon the table , and the votes of the house of commons ,