very much diminish , if not entirely extinguish , all our , reliance upon the skill of Mr. Fordyce , and 50 the controul of the lords of the treasury and the lord advocate of Scotland ; for , during that period of two and twenty years , they have not produced one farthing to the public . The only sum paid since the finance committee 's report , notwithstanding all the new engagements on behalf of Mr. Fordyce , and all the numerous securities he refers to , has been a sum of 8,250l . and this sum I find was given to Mr. Fordyce by parliament , out of the public money , for surveying woods in Scotland ; and being in the exchequer , could not with much decency be paid out of it , to a person so much its debtor as Mr Fordyce . This sum was paid by Mr. Fordyce , or rather retained by the treasury in Feb. 1800 ; and during the 5 years that have since elapsed , no other payments whatever have been made . These last facts , respecting Mr. Fordyce 's debt since 1797 , I collect from the annual return of the balances of public defaulters , which is now laid before parliament , in pursuance of the act of 1800 , for which the public , sir , are indebted to you . This , sir , then , is the parliamentary history of Mr. Fordyce 's debt to the public : he now owes to them upwards of 80,000l . ; he has owed it two and twenty years ; the money came out of the pockets of the people for their taxes ; a sum more than equal to the principal has been lost in the way of interest for this sum ; no engagement of this gentleman for the liquidation of this debt seems to have been performed ; no steps appear to have been taken by the lords of the treasury to accelerate the liquidation of this debt , although it has been so strongly pressed upon their attention by the commissioners report in 1780 , and that of the finance committee in 1797 , and although they are said to be in possession of so many and such valuable securities . I am sure , sir , the house must agree with me , that this statement of facts calls for a committee of this house to examine what these securities are that have been so long unproductive ; what this property of Mr. Fordyce 's is , that , after two and twenty years trial , neither his own Skill , nor the controul of the lords of the treasury , and the lord advocate of Scotland , can convert into any thing for the public . It can not be said , I apprehend , that this gentleman is destitute of means to liquidate his debt to the public ; if I am rightly informed , sir , he is in possession of a large estate in Scotland , that it made his qualification to sit in the present parliament for Berwick , that it enabled him to succeed in a very hard-fought contest for that borough , 51 and that he finally lost his seat in this house only from having been proved to have been too lavish of his money . Can it be said , after this , that Mr. Fordyce 's estates Yield no rent ? or , if they do , why have not the lords of the treasury , in their discretion and controul , prevented this public money from being thus squandered on a Berwick election ? Sir , I hope I should be as backward as any gentleman in this house to press for any thing like persecution ; I am willing to admit , as I did on a former occasion , that , from all I have heard , I believe it to be true that there was much misfortune in this gentleman 's case originally ; I am ready to admit , that it would be ungenerous to