, and submit to us some observations in order to place those grounds in their just view ; and also express a wish , before you conclude , to correct an inaccuracy in one part of your evidence , and a readiness to verify by your oath the facts stated in that letter.—If it be the object of this communication , that we should again require your lordship 's attendance , for the purpose of being examined , touching these matters , and that we should make a supplemental Report upon the result of that examination , and such other examinations as we might thereupon judge necessary , there can be no disinclination on our parts ( as far as we are concerned in the proceeding ) to meeting your lordship 's wishes : But it appears to us that the Inquiry , which is the subject of the Tenth Report , has attained that period when it would not become us to adopt such a measure merely upon the suggestion of any of the 190 parties to whose conduct that Report relates . We were occupied several months in investigating the mode of conducting the business of the office of Treasurer of the Navy . Those who were examined by us had the fullest opporunity of stating and explaining all things which related to the management of that department , or to the share which they respectively had in it ; and of correctig , at any time , during , the progress of the Inquiry , any mistakes which might inadvertently have been made . Our opinion and observations upon the irregularities and abuses which we discovered were formed and drawn up with the utmost care and deliberation ; and they are now submitted to the three branches of the legislature , as the act , by which we are appointed , requires . If it could be made to appear upon a representation to them that any thing has been omitted on our part , that any misunderstanding or error had occurred , and that a further inquiry is adviseable , upon these , or any other grounds , it would be for them to direct such farther inquiry , and to decide by whom , and in what manner , it should be prosecuted ; but , in the present circumstances , it appears to us that we can not with propriety resume it . We have the honour to be , my lord , & c. & c . ( Signed ) Ch . M. Pole , Ewan Law , John Ford , H. Nicholls , W. Mackworth Praed . then moved , that these papers do lie upon the table for the use of the members of this house , and also that they be printed . Ordered.—Adjourned . Counsel were farther heard relative to the Scots Appeal , Cathcart , bart v. the earl of Cassilis , viz . Mr. Adam , in continuation , as leading counsel for the respondent . On the motion of the earl of Suffolk , lord viscount Melville 's letter to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry was ordered to be laid before the house.— The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages.— On the second reading of Bowyer 's Lottery bill , Lord Ellenborough made a few observations though he was by no means favourable to the general principle of lotteries ; yet , under the circumstances of the case , the present bill was one which might , without much risk of injurious consequences , be 191 assented to by their lordships.— After some remarks from lord Walsingham , of a tendency favourable to the measure , the bill was read a second time , and ordered to be referred to the consideration of a committee.—Lord Grenville moved that their lordships be summoned for the 10th of May , on which day , he said , it was his intention to offer a motion relative to the Roman Catholics of Ireland . Lord Auckland expressed his opinion , that on a topic of such peculiar importance , as that adverted to by the