, he hoped the right hon . gent . would agree to relinquish it . opposed the tax , as a tax upon the industry of retailers , who , if it was not for this duty , could , by united speculations , become themselves wealthy merchants in the course of time . stated that the tax was not only unjust , but it was almost unproductive , and should on every account be abandoned . considered this duty as a check to the progress of commerce , by discouraging the activity of men of small capitals , and particularly injurious to the commerce between this country and Ireland . contended that the tax would prove of singular detriment to Ireland . He felt the impolicy of a tax on the retail dealers , and believed that it would undermine the internal trade of the Irish . thought it only tended to produce and encourage manifold , manifest , and absolute frauds . wished that , as the tax would bear particularly hard on the retail trader , it might be abandoned . said that the tax had existed since the days of Cha . II . The operation of the tax was confined to tobacco , tea , and brandy . He was not for speculative opinions respecting taxes during a period of war . He would not think of giving up this tax , while he adhered to that on timber . He was grateful to the merchants of London for their advice to the merchants of Ireland ; and hoped that the former would not decline taking that of the latter , on such questions as might tend to the general advantage of the two countries . The wholesale dealers had purchased the tax by sacrifices at the time it was first laid on ; and the wholesale dealer had now a right to have his interests properly guarded . was unfriendly to the tax . Three sessions ago , he had proposed the repeal of the tax . Yet , from good dispositions towards the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) , s he had discouraged his own constituents from sending to him petitions against it , because he did not wish to cast obstacles in the way of the right hon . gent . in devising the taxes . He was not for taxing the patient retail dealer , tugging at the oar of industry and catching every fleeting breeze to make his little bark gain in safety the haven 37 of his hopes . Had ever such a tax prevailed in England ? There ought to be a similarity of situation and regulation with regard to the trade of every quarter of the empire . The union was founded on a principle of equality , and of similarity of situation ; and of this the assimilation of the currency of the two countries furnished some proof . could not assent to the motion . The tax was a bad one in every view of its operation and tendency . entered his solemn protest against a tax notoriously bearing on the industry of the individual , so as to lead to his ruin.—The question being called for , the house divided : for the 6 per cent . impost duty 107 , against it 44 , majority 63.—The other resolutions were then read , and agreed to . moved the order of the day for going into a committee on the Legacy Duty bill . As he had learned since he came into the house , that some difference of opinion existed respecting this measure , he should only observe then , that there were other stages in which it might he discussed . stated that there would be a considerable difference of opinion relative to that part of it which imposes a duty only on legacies to children . However , as there would be other stages for discussing it , he should forbear for the present from any opposition , reserving that for the report . had not heard any thing to induce him to alter his opinion ,