by himself.—The next argument advanced is that no loss has been sustained by the practice . This I can easily conceive , without giving the parties much credit for their innocence . Mr. Alexander Trotter is an expert calculator . He might know very well how far he might use the public money , before the demands for it should come round upon him . It was only the common science of every banker , who knows when his bills are payable , and to what amount , and regulates his issues in the mean time , according- 306 ly . This argument , of no loss to the public from this practice , is an extraordinary excuse from a right hon . gent . so well versed in the financial system of the country , and the laws that particularly relate to it . Does he re collect the act which prescribes the form of the bills , and the mode of drawing them ? That act says , `` any man counterfeiting one of these bills , shall be guilt of a felony , without benefit of clergy . '' Now , suppose an expert forger , and many such there are , had forged a bill of 500,000l . but had the money to replace it when it became due ; and supposing this transaction to be afterwards discovered , would or could the right hon . gent : advise his Majesty to pardon that man , because the money , was made good ? To excuse , therefore , a public officer , guilty of mal-practices , upon the ground of no loss , is monstrous language . It is language that puts an end to the definite provisions of the law , and the constitution of the house of commons . What ! no loss ? Is then every public officer to speculate with the public money for private profit , and if no loss ensues , is there no criminality ? What is the use of your laws , if they may be thus dispensed with at pleasure ? What becomes of the house and its duties ? Is the house to vote a sum of money for one particular service , and may any officer apply it to another as he pleas , and if no loss follows , is he to remain guiltless The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer says he knows of one sum of 40,000l.that was thus applied to a purpose different from that for which it was voted , and he adds , judiciously applied . I ask , however , if any regard were paid to the votes of the house , why was not that payment afterwards disclosed , and a bill of indemnity demanded for those that made it ? It is monstrous that any minister should think himself justified in taking such a liberty with the public money , and not call for a bill of indemnity . It said that the accounts are not correct ; that the sums lodged with Messrs. Coutts are not so great as they are stated . This does not signify . It appears that Mr. Trotter took all he could . He was a good calculator ; and if he took only 5 millions ; instead of 15 , it was because he could not make free with more . It is a proof of skill , not of his innocence , and , perhaps , it is for that skill he has been reinstated in office . Great pains , we are told , have been taken to inflame the public mind . It is said that hand-bills and publications have been circulated , for the purpose of exciting odium against the parties . If so , it is base . 307 The hon . gent . opposite ( the , attorney general ) will feel it his duty , I am sure , to ascertain the fact , and punish these libellers ; but why are we to stop the proceedings of the house , because offensive and libellous publications have been circulated