evening , will agree with me this night , because there may be many who will now imagine , that the house , having come to the resolutions founded on the report , ought not to stop short , and may therefore concur with me in the vote that lord Melville should be removed from his majesty 's councils . In this hope , and with this view , and not meaning to be led away by my own suggestions , unless they should be supported by the house , and without any desire of pressing the house to a division , if it should appear that it is not actuated by sentiments similar to my own , I shall conclude by moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that his majesty will be graciously pleased to remove lord viscount Melville from all offices held under the crown during pleasure , and from his councils and presence for ever . `` —The question being put , rose , and spoke to the following purport . However strongly the hon . gent . who has just sat down has expressed his desire that the house should on this occasion attend merely to the call of impartial justice , and however desirous he may have been of disclaiming any other motives for the course he has pursued , than what proceeded from a wish to establish an example , such as may effectually prevent the recurrence of the like mischiefs and irregularities in future ; I can not help thinking , and I am pretty confident that many of those who have heard the hon . gentleman 's speech are of the same opinion , that , notwithstanding his professions of moderation , he has introduced such topics and spoken in such a tone , as prove him to have been actuated by something more than the motives alleged , and indicate something much more bitter than appears to be warranted by the nature of the case under consideration Gracious God ! what measure of justice would the hon . gentleman deal out in this case ? What is his object ? In the interval that has elapsed since the house last separated , lord Melville has , in deference to the decision of this house , thought proper to re- 336 sign the high office which he held in his Majesty 's councils , and yet this ready compliance with your vote is stated by the hon . gentleman as an article of aggravation in the charges against the noble lord . The hon . gentleman has made that act of the noble lord a ground of accusation against him , and seems to have considered his deference to the authority of the house in the light of a subterfuge to evade or disappoint justice . What would have been the feelings and the animadversions of the hon . gent . what his expressions of indignation and resentment , if the house had met this day , lord Melville , instead of bowing to its decision , still continuing to hold the office of first lord of the admiralty ? ( A cry of hear ! hear ! from the opposition benches ) Would he not have made that the ground of further and increased invective ? ( Still a loud cry of hear ! ) I take for granted , from the symptoms on the other side of the house , that the gentlemen there assent to these assertions ; they would have considered lord Melville 's continuance in office as an aggravation of his guilt ; and yet they now condemn him for his prompt acquiescence in their wish . What course then is lord Melville to pursue to avoid their wrath , if what he has done , according to the notification of my right hon . friend , be made the ground of invective against him ? and is this to be taken as a specimen of the fairness of the motives upon which gentlemen boast of acting , and of their impartiality in acting upon them ? Sir ,