, that was an object which he could never be induced to grant them . It was not merely a civil right , but political power , in the most comprehensive signification of the term , which they sought to attain . One consequence of acceding to what they demanded in their petition would be , that their clergy would acquire an authority which they , with the peculiar tenets of their religion , and the facilities it afforded , it was much to be feared , would convert to a dangerous use . He called upon the house to think of two such dangerous powers as those of excommunication and auricular confession , and then to say whether they would open a door to all the dangers that might accrue to the national church from the employment of such engines . The catholic clergy , there was too much reason to apprehend , had never relinquished the hope of becoming the hierarchy of the country . He had the authority of lord Clare for declaring , that there existed consistorial courts in every diocese in Ireland , and that there had been a person residing at Rome charged to watch over interests of the Irish catholic church . Nay , more , there was not a dignity in the established church , which had not its counter part in the catholic church . The ostensible object , and perhaps the real object of the petitioners was plain enough ; but was that object the object of the great body of catholics in Ireland ? Would not that body be inclined to extend their views a little farther ? Would they not naturally look to the exaltation of their clergy , and to divers other privileges , which could not be granted to them without imminent danger to the present constitution in church and state ? If the house should manifest a disposition to concede to them even the limited object they demanded , it could not be done without the certain sacrifice of the act of settlement . What , he would ask , would be the consequences at an election in Ireland , if the catholics should be allowed to become members of the legislative body ? In this country we had seen the tumult and inconveniences produced by the attachment of a certain description of the people to an in- 699 dividual . Whatever they were , they would be infinitely aggravated in that country , where numbers would be found contending with property . He could not bring himself to concede what was required by the petition . It seemed to him a monstrous and shocking proposition to be called to place the catholics in a different state from the rest of his majesty 's subjects , owing only a limited allegiance . He called on the house to preserve their protestant king and their protestant parliament , and to recollect that it was a protestant parliament which rescued the nation from the danger of a popish king . He exhorted their lordships to follow the example of their protestant deliverer , and to resolve to die in the last dike of the constitution , both in church and state , rather than abandon one principle of either . There were two roads before their lordships : one of them was that old , venerable , and well known way , which had been struck out for them by their ancestors ; in pursuing that they could encounter no dangers . The other was a way untrodden and dangerous , leading to innovations , the consequences of which no human foresight could reach . He was not prepared to rush heedlessly into a path leading to such desperate results , and would consequently oppose the motion for referring the petition to a committee . said , he different from the noble viscount who had just sat down . With the best attention that he had been able to give the subject , he could not perceive the dangers asserted by his noble friends , nor could he discover what possible mischief would be likely to arise