their acknowledged advice and approbation . But I think it due to this house , and to the public , on the present occasion , to advance one step farther . It was not known to me , nor , I believe , to any of my colleagues who signed the instrument , that it had reference to arrears to an amount of any consideration , Some small sum , we thought , might be comprised under that head , but that it should cover an item exceeding 3000l . I believe none of us entertained the most remote idea.—This account was also ordered . presented a petition from Peter Stuart , proprietor of the paper called The Oracle , then in custody of the serjeant at arms , by order of the house , for a breach of privilege in a paragraph in that paper , and moved , that the said petition be read . The petition was accordingly read by the clerk , and is as follows : — '' To the honourable the house of commons in parliament assembled , the petition of Peter Stuart , printer and publisher of a morning newspaper intitled 'The Daily Advertiser , Oracle , and True Briton , ' most humbly sheweth , that for the publication of that part of his paper of Thursday last , deemed highly offensive to this honourable house , he feels the deepest regret ; and that although certain expressions in that paragraph be indiscreet and unguarded , and such as have incurred the displeasure of so important a branch of the British constitution , yet that your petitioner humbly hopes , on this acknowledgment of his sincere sorrow , that this honourable house , in the plenitude of its condescension and liberality , will be pleased to pardon him for a transgression solely attributable to the hasty composition of a newspaper , and not to any 543 deliberate design of offending this honourable house . That your petitioner is emboldened to solicit your indulgence and forgiveness on his well founded assurance , that during the several years in which he has conducted a newspaper , it has uniformly been his principle and pride zealously to support the character and dignity of the house of commons ; and that it has frequently fallen to his lot to have vindicated both from the charges of societies expressly instituted to bring them into public disrepute and contempt.—In any observations which your petitioner may have published on the conduct of lord Melville , he could not but bear in mind , that the views of those societies , abetting domestic treason , and assisted by the co-operation of the revolutionary power of France , would , he verily believes , have effected the destruction of the British constitution , had not the wise and efficient measures brought forward by that administration , in which lord Melville held so conspicuous a situation , been adopted ; and this honourable house would not , in that case , perhaps , have been now in existence , either to censure lord Melville , or to pardon your petitioner.—That if any thing could increase your petitioner 's regret , it would be its being supposed that the objectionable paragraph was directed also against the right hon . the speaker of the house of commons ; that your petitioner has no hesitation to declare , that no idea was ever more remote from his mind ; and that your petitioner would be the very last person to insinuate any thing disrespectful of a character whom he , in conjunction with the whole nation , highly esteems as a private gentleman , and most profoundly venerates as the head and public organ of this hon . house.—That your petitioner most humbly hopes this hon . house will consent to his release ; and your petitioner will ever pray , & c . STUART . `` —The petition being read , the hon . baronet moved , that the said Peter Stuart be brought to the bar and discharged . called the attention of the house to the insolence of this petition , and