a great deal of matter in the papers before the house , to which he should not feel it necessary to allude , nor did he now mean to say any thing of those military operations , the details of which were so numerous and intricate . With regard to the Origin of our connection with India , it was hardly necessary for him to remind the house , that it was originally purely commercial , but it was marked on the part of the native princes with every appearance of good understanding , and even kindness . They not only afforded us every facility for carrying on an advantageous trade , but actually conferred on us immunities and exemptions which many of their own subjects did not enjoy . It was , in a mercantile point of view , wise in the native princes to encourage trade with foreign nations . But while their commercial eve was open , their political eye was closed . They did not act on those principles which had so effectually excluded European nations from the dominion of China . It was not till 1765 , that our situation in India sustained an important change . Our first connection with Bengal , was in the character of adventurers . Alter that period we began to assume the character of sovereigns . But what was then the language of lord Clive , a man to whom we owe the erection of our immense eastern dominion ? His language was , `` my resolution and my hopes will always be to confine our conquests and Our possessions , to Bengal , Bahar , and Orixa . To go farther is , in my opinion , a scheme so extravagantly ambitious and absurd , that no governor and council in their senses can ever adopt it , unless the whole system of the company 's interest be first entirely new modelled '' .— Such was the language of one whose knowledge was unquestioned , and whose policy laid the only Sure foundation of our Indian possessions . He himself knew that the government of that day fully adopted these principles of limited dominion . When in 1773 he went with the other commissioners to India , the government gave the most positive instructions to see that the same Principles were followed up , and the commands of the directors were absolute on the subject . These were principles laid down while a French force had possession of a considerable part of India , and when the idea of undertaking a war for conquest might have appeared some excuse for deviating in a particular case from the gene- 228 ral system of limitation . But it was not on these declarations that he found himself obliged to rest his opinion . In 1782 , parliament unanimously resolved , that the British Empire should not be extended in India , and that no war should be undertaken from a lust of conquest . The same resolution was followed up by an express act of the legislature in 1784 ; and at the renewal of the charter in 1793 , the continuance of the same policy was provided for in the most explicit terms . This general principle was therefore so clearly laid down , that it was absolutely impossible to attempt to controvert it . He was aware that a distinction was attempted to be taken betwixt wars of oppression , which were never to be undertaken , and wars which were founded on justice and necessity . It was not very easy to see on what grounds such a plea was brought forward . Of tile origin or justice of many of the wars in India , the house and the public were Frequently , or rather always , without the means of forming a proper judgment . We had never any evidence but the testimony of one of the Belligerent powers against the other , and therefore such testimony was to be received with diffidence . We knew only in general that wars had been begun , that great acquisitions were made , and we gave ourselves