, to the appearance of open and predatory disaffection . This was in the administration of the Duke of Rutland ; and the noble lord by no means meant to charge any temptation or feeling of disloyalty in the principal catholics , but , on the contrary , to acknowledge and vindicate their loyal principles , and the many proofs of which they had shewn . But he must observe , that their unchangeable views to their great object of final emancipation from all restrictions , and even under their partial and temporary indulgences from time to time , was an obvious check upon 833 the voluntary and disinterested vigour of any zealous co-operation with government . The truth then seems to be , that , allowing them to be good and loyal subjects in their present situation , they have an insatiable thirst for power ; and , how that might change their nature , there 's the question . `` Grant power , And then I grant we put a sting into them That at their will they may do danger with . '' I can not therefore , said the noble lord , help doubting at least , whether I should have been disposed , under such impression of still increasing claims upon every accession of favour , to have gone so far in removal of all disabilities as was done in 1793 , especially in the instance of the elective franchise . It could not well be doubted by any man , who had a reasonable knowledge of human nature , and Was aware of the position and views of this particular sect , that the concession here stated would be chiefly valued as a step to the right of representation . And who can pretend to be answerable for restrictive moderation even there ? Temptation , & c. may be incited by the impulse of seeming means and opportunity , and then , in course , a dormant spirit of uneasy ambition might be roused into dangerous action . `` Then last it may—prevent ! And if the quarrel will bear no colour for the things they are , fashion it thus ; that what they are , augmented , May run to these and these extremities , & c. & c . '' I will not apprehend a mistaken suspicion , from such allusions , that I would entertain an unfriendly , much less an illiberal estimation of the catholic character , or would be found in adverse attack upon their comforts and immunities . If the limit is drawn , where it is , I would readily agree in the opinion of the noble secretary of state ( lord Hawkesbury ) that we should regard without regret the concessions already made ; and I would , cordially rejoice in being able to see a period of safe allowance for the grant of yet more . If I was to speak of individuals , there are many , for whom personal respect would lead me to desire the fullest gratification of their wishes . But I confine not my go thoughts within such a narrow circle : to all who by no prohibited excess or deviation from their loyalty in thought or deed are justly , entitled to the rank of fellow-subjects , I Would studiously endeavour to mark an attentive consideration and concern.—A noble lord ( Spencer ) has said , that whilst any incapacities remain , there will be re- 834 maining restlessness and complaint . That noble lord had not surely well reflected upon the more than possible danger to arise from admission of this argument as a ground for concession . What is to be a limit or restraint upon this source of disturbance and risk to our own establishment ? Incapacities are not unknown to protestants , and can not be wholly withdrawn from catholics without surrender of even equality . But I am really inclined to think , that sufficient reflection has not been bestowed on the value of what is now in possession or enjoyed by connivance . They are not friends to the catholics , who