Plymouth , that from 800 to 1,000 soldiers ' wives were not turned loose to beg their way as well as they could to their own country . As most of them landed at the nearest Irish port of Cork and Waterford , he had often been an eye-witness of the extent of the evil which he now wished to be redressed . allowed that the suggestion of the hon . bart . was of the utmost importance , and deserved the most serious consideration . He was not then prepared to give any opinion on the subject , but he perceived that many difficulties stood in the way of the adoption of this suggestion . He was aware of the distress which was often felt in Ireland on account of there being no established system of poor laws in that country as there is in this ; but he did not know how parliament could grant a specific allowance to the families of Irish soldiers , winch was not granted to the families of the soldiers of the rest of the united Kingdom , He 182 thought the hon . bart . was however mistaken in one point , as he was pretty sure there was an allowance given at the tune of every embarkation , to carry the soldiers ' wives home . Notwithstanding the difficulty that he saw in the adoption of the suggestion , he should certainly give it his most serious consideration . said in explanation , that the allowance given to soldiers ' wives on embarkation was a guinea and a half ; this might be barely sufficient to carry them to the nearest Irish port , but they landed completely destitute , and were obliged immediately to have recourse to begging . confirmed the statement of the hon . bart . as to the great degree of misery which the wives of not only the Irish soldiers in the regular army , but even in the militia and army of reserve experienced . During the last war , four shillings a week was allowed to the wives of the militia , which was sufficient to keep them from the necessity of begging ; but since it was reduced to two , that allowance had been insufficient . He thought there could be no greater encouragement to volunteering from the militia , than granting some provision to the families of the volunteers . —The house then went into a committee on the bill , when some trifling alterations were agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow.—Adjourned . was heard in continuation in the Scots appeal , Cathcart v. the earl of Cassilis , on the part of the respondent . The several bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages . The innkeepers ' rates bill , and several private bills , were brought up from the commons , and read a first time . A person from the post office presented an account of the net revenue of the post-office for 20 years , ending the 5th of Jan. 1805 . Ordered to lie on the table.—Adjourned . brought up the report of the committee on the bakers ' bill ; which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be engrossed . Mr. Manning obtained leave to bring in a bill for 183 rendering more effectual the provisions of the London dock act . On the motion of Dr. Duigenan , leave was given to bring in a bill to amend the act for building Glebe houses in Ireland . The following papers , on the motion of Mr. Creevey , were ordered to be laid before the , house , viz . A copy of the power of attorney , or other instrument , granted by the lords of the the treasury to the then lord advocate of Scotland now lord justice Clerk , to prosecute or give discharges for the claims made by government on the late admiral Keith Stewart : an account of all sums of money , or securities for money , paid by the representatives of the late admiral Keith