confirmed by a circumstance with respect to Dr. Hussey . A few catholic servants in a protestant family were in the habit of joining in a certain prayer which involved no difference as to any doctrinal point . The practice , however , being reported to Dr. Hussey , he instantly forbid it , stating as a reason that , 716 although there was nothing intrinsically objectionable in the prayer , `` its being read by a heretic was sufficient . '' And this learned and liberal doctor , who was afterwards connected with that union , which had in view a separation from this country , issued orders to the parish priests of his diocese to guard against such a practice in future . With respect to the character of the higher orders of the Irish catholic laity , they were of two descriptions—the one possessed of landed property and old established rank—the other were in possession of property also , but were new men . The former were interested in the permanent peace of the country , and among this description of persons , the most distinguished perhaps was a noble lord , whose name was subscribed to the petition on the table ( Earl Fingal ) ; that noble lord was a man of good sense , loyalty and extreme moderation , when left to himself . But when he submitted to the advice of the hierarchy , his conduct bore a different appearance . It might be said , that what he had said tended to shew the propriety of going into the proposed committee . But , no ; and for this reason , that the changes he recommended in the state of the catholics was not to be effected by legislation ; it must come from the catholics themselves . That change produced , many concessions might be made to the catholic body , that it would , under the present circumstances , be extremely unsafe to agree to . Wherever religious establishment should be thought necessary , it was indispensable for its maintenance that political power should attach to it . On the same principle that those who had no property , were excluded from political power , should those who are hostile to the church establishment be excluded from the same description of power—namely , that in either case equal power might tempt to the assumption of an unfair claim of an equal division . That the protestant religion was ways deemed essential to the maintenance of the constitution , by our ancestors , the noble lord quoted the case of the king of Sardinia , who was excluded from the throne expressly because he was a catholic . Recurring to the difference between the catholics of England and Ireland , arising from the different constitutions of the hierarchy , the noble lord cited the oath , which was notwithstanding the objection of the apostolical vicar , subscribed by the catholics of England in 1778 , while the same oath—namely , a test of allegiance to a protestant succession only , was refused by the catholics of Ireland . The acceptance of this path in the one case , 717 proceeded from the superior information of the men , and the refusal of it in the other from the superior influence of the bishops . Dr. Hussey wrote a pamphlet against this oath , arguing , that it would be monstrous to call on a catholic to swear , that he would not be faithful to a British sovereign , if that sovereign should happen to be of the same religion with himself , and this argument succeeded . The noble lord stated the means by which , in his judgment , the changes desired might be produced in Ireland . If the bible were translated into Irish , he was persuaded that very good effects would follow —that many catholics would be converted to the established church . The house would recollect the consequences that arose from the translation of the bible into the Welsh language . The protestant service being read in Ireland , in the English language , which