many cases , it would be found that charges of nineteen shillings a ton were made , when four shillings and twopence covered the whole expence . The ordnance department , also , would come in for its share of investigation ; in many cases gross frauds were committed , and there was one case Where fifty thousand stand of arms were purchased , after surveyors , properly appointed , had declared them unfit for service . They had also to enquire how far the officers in the treasury knew of , or had any feeling in this transaction ; and , last of all , they had to enquire into the expenditure and abuses of the money which ought to be appropriated for the benefit off Greenwich hospital , that noble and beneficent asylum for our brave and gallant seamen , after they have lost their limbs , exhausted their constitutions , or worn out best part of their lives in the service of their king and country . If they have such material business still to perform , which can not be done without a continuation of that zeal , firmness , 569 ability , and fortitude , which they have exerted on every former occasion ; after the slurs and insinuations which have been thrown out against their conduct , it became peculiarly incumbent on the house to convince them on the present occasion that , in continuing them in the performance of those arduous duties they had yet to sustain , they might depend upon receiving every encouragement and support which the house could give them . Reform , he said , was a thing which , on all occasions , had been most odious ; but at present there was such a host of contractors , jobbers , and other descriptions of persons , who were used to derive advantage from the improvident expenditure of the public money , that the outcry against the commissioners , and the resistance made to their efforts for the public service , were such as had never been experienced at any antecedent period . On these considerations , he thought , that if any material objection were brought by the right hon . gent . or others , against the vote of thanks he was about to move , the house ought not by any means to encourage the idea of their re-appointment to the same commission . But , if there were no such objections , it was the duty of the house to stand forward , and to say , with that commanding force which should be heard from one end of the kingdom to the other , that these commissioners have hitherto nobly and honourably executed the high and portant trust reposed in them by the house ; and that in what they have hereafter to do , the house will cheerfully support them to the utmost extent of their power . He would not , therefore , detain the house any longer than to read his motion , which he did accordingly to the following purport : — `` That it appears to this house , that the Commissioners appointed by an act of the 43d of the king , to enquire into the irregularities and abuses committed by persons employed in the several naval departments , have , as far as appears from their reports hitherto made , exerted themselves with great diligence , ability , and fortitude , and that the whole of their conduct , in the execution of the arduous duties intrusted to them , is intitled to the approbation and thanks of this house . `` —The motion being put from the Chair , rose , not to object to the motion , but to offer few general observations on what had fallen from the hon . member in the course of his speech . If the sense of the house was , that 570 the commissioners should be thanked now for their past services , he should not oppose the proposition ; but he could not help thinking that there existed no precedents for such a mode of proceeding