enabled to meet whatever proceedings might be instituted against them without any prejudgement from unsubstantiated charges or misrepresentation . Another circumstance also had been much insisted upon to the prejudice of the late paymaster , viz . the advice he gave Mr. Tierney on quitting his office , which that gentleman had followed , and which had been considered as resulting less from a desire to be serviceable to the public than to bar the advantages ( as the commissioners had reported ) of his successor . To this fact the hon . baronet appealed to Mr. Tierney himself , who did not appear , as far as he had understood him , to have considered it in that view , but merely as growing out of a conversation on the means to avoid accidental loss on the transit of money from the bank to the office . The hon . baronet avowed a remote family connexion with the late paymaster , but he trusted that he might be allowed to indulge his feelings to a certain extent in consequence of that affinity , without being suspected for a moment to entertain a wish to check the course of public justice , as applying to Mr. Trotter or to any other person who stood under the censure of that house . He trusted also that whatever proceedings might be adopted by the house , their justice would be tempered with mercy . He then adverted to the prevalent prejudices in the public mind with respect to Mr. Trotter 's great accumulations , but he could venture to assure the house that the `` immense palace '' so often adverted to was nearly as visionary as the `` palace of Aladdin ; '' being a house of very moderate extent or accommodation , and upon which had been expended less than 8000l . ; and further that the total of Mr. Trotter 's income derived from all his real and personal property , without any reser- 417 vation or subterfuge , did not exceed 1200l . a year . To these facts he could pledge himself ; they had been ascertained to the satisfaction of a great number of persons , and he was assured that in whatever future proceedings the house might institute to obtain the full disclosure of Mr. Trotter 's affairs , they would appear to the conviction of the house and the public . asserted , that the drafts on the bank might be drawn in the way prescribed by the act , and yet the law might be most grossly violated . The object of the statute was to keep the public money , under the orders of the treasurer of the navy , in the bank , and for this purpose it was enacted , that no draft should be issued but for some special navy service . It would probably be found , that a special service was stated when no such service existed . The act directed , that the property in the bank should vest in the sucessor to the office ; but when the money was transferred to Messrs. Coutts and Co. this purpose of the legislature was disappointed . Supposing the event of the death of Mr. Trotter had taken place , and the million of money had been with Messrs. Coutts and Co. on the change in the treasurer of the navy : until administration was taken out , the property could not be removed , and who would have administered to the effects of Mr. Trotter ? It was true that he ( Mr. Tierney ) had held some conversation with Mr. Trotter , and the latter gentleman communicated , as an important secret , that he had devised the means by which all hazard by the loss of drafts on the bank by messengers would be avoided , and that was , by what be called a write off . He well remembered , on the occasion of this grand disclosure , the word legacy was used : a person who was present in the office observed , `` Here is a legacy of Mr. Trotter 's