possesses at present ; and , though it will be weaker in point of numbers , it will be stronger in prime Men , in relation to its amount . Now , sir , as to the charge made by a noble earl ( Temple ) against this measure , as involving the forfeiture of a pledge , I might say , as a direct and general answer , that I do not know any one , who can give a pledge to tie up parliament from any course which it may think proper to pursue . But as a man may no doubt tie himself up by a pledge , and a charge to that effect has been made against me , I say distinctly that I know nothing of any such pledge . I never gave any pledge of the kind . I am not conscious of any time or place , when or where I ever gave a pledge to that effect . I remember , indeed , that upon the occasion alluded to by a noble lord this night ( Temple ) that noble lord and his friends loudly condemned the converting of the militia establishment into a mode of recruiting for the line ; and I then declared that it was not my intention . Now , if the noble lord and his friends means to exaggerate a conversation of that kind , and used upon that occasion , into a direct and positive pledge , I admit it . I certainly denied upon that occasion that I meant to make the Militia a mere machine for recruiting the army . I denied it then , and I deny it now , but I never gave any other pledge upon the subject . The circumstances under which a recruiting then took place are well 84 known ; they were fully explained at the time , and it was an extraordinary case , that could not effect or change the general system of the Militia . So far as to any positive pledge with which I am charged ; but a noble marquis ( of Douglas ) has discovered a singular sort of constructive Pledge which he thinks may answer the same purpose . Alluding to the bill for reducing the militia , he reminds me of having said , at the time it was under discussion , that good faith ought to be kept with the Militia . The question of recruiting was not then in view , nor under consideration , so that I do not see how my observation can be brought to bear upon the present question . I said then , that its reduction , to a certain number , would he the best security , that when so reduced it would never be broken in upon again . These are the only pledges I ever gave . What other pledges the noble lords allude to , I know not . I only know what passed within -My own mind , and 'What I have said upon the subject . As to the charge of sending officers to recruit for the line in the neighbourhood of places where militia are quartered , it will be indeed limiting the scene of recruiting for the line to a narrow compass , if every such place must be avoided . The Officer , whose letter has been read , clearly did not conceive , from its contents , that he was acting wrong by recruiting in the neighbourhood of a Militia regiment . Is no officer to go into the vicinity of a corps of Militia for the purpose of recruiting ? Where then is he to be sent ? If a serjeant be sent out for the purpose of recruiting , he will go where he thinks he has the best chance of success . If he be a good and active person for the purpose , he will make a point of doing so , nor is government answerable for the irregularities which he may possibly commit . Government will guard , as well as they can , against irregularities , and