consult and advise with him on his future government of Ireland , he preceded him to that country , and instantly on his arrival set every political engine at work , every channel of influence and flattery he possessed , to urge forward the catholic with their claims from all parts , insomuch that shortly after lord Fitzwilliam did arrive the whole mischief was completed . The cabinet felt he had disobeyed their orders , and he was recalled ; the catholics were not gratified . The hon . mover says rebellion was the consequence ; if so , the house will estimate the obligation of his friend ( Mr. Grattan ) to him for his allusion to the fact.—After this period the catholics were advised by public address not to postpone their claims . England was in emphatic language . described to be their enemy ; that she must be pressed by them in time of war ; the catholics must not postpone their claims to a moment of peace— they must be listened to in a time of distress and pressure to England.— Is it for this reason they are brought forward of 1798 and the union of the two parliaments finish the period on which the two honourable friends have mostly dwelt— I now be g leave to deny their assertions to the proportnate numbers of protestants and catholics ; 1044 they are unapproved , and are made only for intimidation.— I must also deny the hon . mover 's doctrine of the principle of the British constitution as applied to the claim of power or franchise . I allege the principle to be equal protection to all , and rights of power or franchise to qualified persons . The guards of this constitution in the exercise of power or franchise , are tests and the possession of property.—I must also : notice a very loose proof he offers to us , that the catholics will not , if in power , meddle with property : the gentleman himself does not profess to approve of the act of settlement , but the catholics would not , he says , disturb it , because some of them have lately acquired property secured by it . At best this is no more than an appeal to their forbearance , and quantum of interest in it—I shall , now lastly , make an observation on the property in Ireland . It exceeds , I am confident , in the hands of the protestants that which is in the hands of the catholics by a proportion which far outstrips the population of the latter beyond the former . I dare say it is more than as , twenty to one : for this we have an undoubted right to have a sufficient security . In five or six northern Irish counties there is not one catholic gentleman qualified from estate to be a member of parliament , or indeed that you ever meet in society ; and this not from any severity of exclusion , but really that they do exist amongst us . If then catholics were eligible to parliament , and that the lower orders there are , as alleged , three to one , we should either be represented by strangers or by unlettered boors ; for most , unquestionably if the freeholders were catholic the priests would carry them for the catholic candidate . Property is the criterion of political power more than the physical force of the self-willed multitude . The protestants possess this superiority , and love the constitutional liberty which accompanies it they have defended and fought for both in 1688 and 1798 . I deny that the rebellion of 1798 was put down by other means than the protestant exertions of Ireland ; it was overcome and reduced before one English militia regiment landed in that country ( I feel at the same time every gratitude for the zeal and succour intended by that force ; ) and if ever so direful a necessity should occur again , from either invasion or rebellion , I trust to the mutual support of the army