persons without property must ever be the greater number in any state , if they had an equal share of political power with persons of property , it would be to expect from them a forbearance which the nature of man forbids us to expect , if it were hoped that , having the physical power in their hands by their numbers , and an equality of political power , and having therefore superior power as a body , they would not endeavour to possess the property in .the hands of those who in every other respect must , as a body , be their inferiors . So if equal political power were conceded to the Roman catholics of Ireland , it would be to expect from them a forbearance , utterly inconsistent with the nature of man , to suppose that they would quietly suffer the church establish- 1076 ment to remain exclusively with others . Upon this principle the preservation of the protestant religion , by the exclusion from political power of those who were hostile to it , had been long deemed essential to the preservation of our constitution both in church and state ; and those who effected the revolution in 1688 , and who preserved the liberties then asserted by fixing the succession to the crown exclusively in protestants , had acted on this principle . They had excluded from the throne , not only James the Second , and his descendants , but also all the princes of the royal family to whom the right to the succession would otherwise have belonged in preference to the House of Hanover ; imputing to them no objection , as the ground of their exclusion , but that they were Roman catholics . Our ancestors then conceived that difference in religious opinion was a just ground of exclusion from political power ; and they judged , from recent experience , that the liberties of the country , civil as well as religious , could not effectually be preserved without such exclusion . —And . here he could not but recur to a marked difference between the Roman catholics of England and the Roman catholics of Ireland , as it materially affected the security of the protestant succession to the crown . The Roman catholics of England swore to the maintenance of that succession . The Roman catholics of Ireland had refused to give the same test of their allegiance , and now desired to be relieved from any test . The oath taken by the English Roman catholics to the protestant succession differing , most importantly in this point , from the oath taken in Ireland , and from the oath first taken by the English Roman catholics , had been the subject of much discussion in 1790 and 1791 ; and it had fallen to him to bear no small part in that discussion . The Roman catholics of Ireland had many years before , proposed to testify their loyalty by an oath of allegiance , and the laity were generally disposed to manifest their allegiance , not merely to the protestant prince on the throne , but to the law of the land , confining the succession to protestants . But their superior clergy prevented their giving this testimony of their submission to the law , exclaiming , `` Are we to be called upon to exclude from succession to the crown , a prince to whom it would hereditarily belong , only because he has embraced the Roman catholic religion : only because he has rendered himself more worthy of that succession ? '' And this 1077 exclamation , urged with violence , and supported by prejudices nearly allied to their own , prevailed.—The oath proposed was therefore altered , and the Roman catholics of Ireland swore to maintain the succession in the king and his family . The Roman catholics of England following this example , first took a similar oath ; but wishing to obtain further concessions , and conscious of the objections which might be made to this oath , they proposed another , in more extensive terms in many respects