and Cambridge from purchasing the Advowson of Livings ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be printed.—Adjourned . —A new writ was ordered for the election of a member for the borough of Wigtown , in the room of Mr. Macdowal , who had accepted the Chiltern Hundreds.— A list of the Reversionary Grants of offices in Ireland was presented , and ordered to lie on the table.—The Hull Dock bill was read a 2nd time.—On the motion of Mr. Rose , the house went into a committee on the acts relating to Foreign Ships . A resolution that the ships and inhabitants surrendering to his majesty in the captured settlements of the enemy be allowed to trade as British , according to the regulations in last war , was agreed to , and leave given to bring in a bill accordingly . Leave was also given to bring in a bill to allow neutral ships to import certain articles , for a time to be limited.—The Exchequer Bills bill , and the Irish Spirit Warehouse bill , were read a 3rd time and passed.—Mr.Huskisson brought in a bill for permitting the negociation of small notes , which was read a first and second time , committed , and reported.—The Irish Revenue bills were reported.—Mr . Dawson moved , that there be laid before the house the number of licences for killing game issued in Ireland , since 1801 , distinguishing the years , and specifying the names of the persons in each district , by whom they were taken out.—Ordered . rose to make his promised motion . He began by stating , that by the law and constitution of the country , all the rights of war 62 were vested entirely in the crown , and no individual had any claims on account of captures ; and that the rights of that sort which individuals could claim , flowed from the bounty of his majesty , and his predecessors , and immediately proceeded from the spontaneous declaration of his majesty at the commencement of every war , which not only gave to the captors a right , but which also regulates the distribution of the prizes among them . The acts , he said , which regulate this subject , respect either , 1. the persons to be entitled to the property : 2. the functions of the courts to decide on its appropriation : 3. the management of the property during the process , and the distribution of it after it has been adjudged . With regard to the first , the provisions of the act vary in their application , according to the peculiar circumstances and situation of the parties . With respect to the second , immediately affecting the constitution and dignities of the civil courts , the legislature has been extremely tender of interposing its authority , and introducing new regulations . It has considered , that the courts of Admiralty are not restricted within the narrow limits of municipal institution : the law of nature , and of nations , is the foundation on which they build ; all the subjects of foreign states , on the general principles of justice and humanity , have a right to redress for injuries received upon the high seas , and look for protection to these establishments . The rights of parties grounded on these enlarged principles , are not less sacred than those which are erected on the solid basis of the common law of England ; and the character and honour of every country , in a great measure , depends on the regard which is paid to the just demands of individuals , placed in the most remote regions of the world . There are three . modes in which the business of prize .agency may be conducted : —1st . by a public officer : 2d . by persons selected by parties interested : 3d . by a mixed mode , in which both these are comprised.—The mode now pursued is the second I have named , and it has many recommendations , although the trust necessarily reposed