, that he would venture to say , that were the vote of the house unanimous in his favour , it would not have the slightest effect in wiping away the stigma that was universally affixed to his name . What , then , must the world think of retaining such a man at the head of the glory of the country ? It was dreadful to reflect that the most honourable claims should be placed at the disposal of a man , with whose name dishonour was inseparably associated—who had confessed himself guilty of an act of corrupt illegality.—Are we , said the hon . gent. , to connive at and approve of all this , when even the right hon . gent . who has moved the previous question , will not go the length of approving all he has done . Sir , we have heard to-night , with sentiments of exultation , the brilliant efforts of a noble friend of mine ( lord H. Petty ) on the bench behind me : there is not a man in the house capable of appreciating virtue and genius , who did not feel a secret satisfaction in the speech of that noble lord . I recollect , sir , when the right hon . gent . on the opposite bench ( Mr. Pitt ) made his first essay in this house , I recollect , and many in the house must recollect also , the just pride which we all felt to see him , much at the same age then that the noble lord behind me now is , distinguishing himself in hunting down corruption , in unmasking abuses in the public expenditure , in proposing and enforcing reforms of various kinds . What a contrast does his conduct on this night afford ! Under what sort of figure does he appear ? `` Heu ! Quantum mutates ab illo ! '' The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) who now fills the office of treasurer of the navy , asserts that it is physically impossible to act up to the letter of the act , and has amused the house with an account of fractional sums of 8s . 6d . 14s . and 2s . and then turns short upon us , and asks how it is possible to pay all those trifling claims by drafts upon the bank ? I do not say it is ; but does he not keep money in the iron chest of his office to pay them , and are not the sub-accountants furnished with the means of liquidating them ? But these abuses , it is said , can never occur again ; Mr. Trotter , in his dying legacy to his successors , has pointed out the means of preventing it . 315 No ; .it shall not be done for the future , says Mr. Trotter , and he bequeaths that to his successors which he never thought proper to enjoy himself . The act can never be violated again ; I hope not ; I hope the decision of the house this night , will render it impossible for the gent . who at present holds the situation of treasurer of the navy , or for any future treasurer , ever to violate it . But if we do not come to this decision , what security have we , that some future Melvilles and Trotters will not break through any new act we may pass , in the same way in which they have done the resolutions of this house in 1782 , and the act of the 25th of his present majesty founded upon them . I hope and trust , sir , that a large and virtuous majority of this house will be found to put the seal and stamp of their reprobation upon such monstrous and unblushing delinquency . But , say some gentlemen , the depositions are not evidence . That I deny . If an impeachment were carried against my lord Melville and his associate , these depositions might be produced against them at the bar