report . said , that the question had been for so long a time quite out of sight , that , without consulting his recollection , he should not have known what was the immediate object of discussion . He had witnessed a great deal of clamour and irritation , of crimination and recrimination , and of every thing , in short , but argument . The motion before the house was , whether the papers which had been presented by the worthy baronet ( sir A. S. Hamond ) , and read at the table by the clerk , should be printed for the use of the members ? Had any objection been offered to its adoption ? What possible mischief could result from the publication of these papers ? He had heard none assigned ; he could conceive none ; and therefore he should cordially assent to the motion . With respect to the testimony given by lord St. Vincent before the naval commissioners , and annexed to the eleventh report , his ( Mr. Hobhouse 's ) impression upon reading it agreed with the statements of his right hon . friend below him ( Mr. Vansittart ) , and of his right hon . friend near bun ( Mr. Sullivan ) ; both of whom , from the public situations they at that time filled , were well acquainted with the whole proceeding , and most capable of forming a correct judgment . The question put to his lordship was , `` whether the comptroller of the navy was authorized by him to perform any secret service , for which a certain sum was advanced , and whether he had any knowledge of the transaction ? '' The answer was— `` he ( the comptroller of the navy ) was not , nor had he ( lord St. Vincent ) any knowledge of the transaction . '' What other inference could be deduced from this reply , except that his lordship did not know the secret service alluded to , and had not authorized it ? This from the letters which had now been read , was certainly not conformable to the fact . It appeared , however , from the same documents , that his lordship looked to the treasury for the payment of the . expence , and therefore he was not guilty Of warrant- 483 ing the application of naval money to secret services . By the explanation now given by lord St. Vincent 's friends , it was clear , also , that to this point his lordship intended to direct his answer to the commissioners . The evidence , thus construed , left not the least shadow of blame upon his lordship . He ( Mr. Hobhouse ) entertained the highest opinion of lord St. Vincent 's integrity and honour ; he admired his professional talents , and completely approved his administration of the admiralty during the time that he presided at that board . Mr. Hobhouse concluded with repeating his wish , that a debate so totally irrelevant to the question under consideration , might no longer be protracted . —Lord St. Vincent certainly knew it ; I knew it ; sir Thomas Troubridge knew it . With regard to approving it , I never did . I can mention a circumstance which will skew lord St. Vincent 's acquaintance with the affair . I remarked to his lordship at the time the business was carrying on , with so little secrecy it was conducted , that it was the common talk from one end of the river to the other , that the comptroller of the navy was fitting out these stone ships . Lord St. Vincent replied to me , `` You and I have nothing at all to do with it , the treasury is to pay for it . '' thought it strange that the explanation given to lord St. Vincent 's mind by a particular reference to the stone expedition , was not inserted in the report . If the question was put , why was it not in the minutes ; if it was in