moved tha augmentation concur in the present reduction , they must therefore have intended to involve a large body of men , at the expence of the land owner , in a Situation from whence they could be more easily seduced than from their domestic homes . These are tricks which may not add to the disgrace of a profligate administration , but are below the dignity of parliament , ands dangerous to its constitutional popularity . stated , that he felt as a militia officer some regret at perceiving the necessity for reducing that force , but however partial he was to the militia force , he felt also that at the present time the country was more in want of regular disposable forces . He had heard various schemes suggested , but from the best attention he had been able to bestow on the subject , he was convinced that by no other means could a body of twenty or twenty-five thousand troops be added so rapidly , or with so little , inconvenience , to our disposable force . The measure would not diminish our defensive force , for ministers were bound , upon their responsibility always to keep in the country a sufficient number for its defence . both in the regulars , and in the militia , had frequently seen the serious mischief arising from irregularity and disorganization Those who had seen 204 the troops embark for Holland , might without the gift of prophecy , have anticipated the event of that disgraceful expedition , The troops in Egypt , which did so much honour to the country , were trained by a most able and illustrious officer , now commander in chief in Scotland , and by another of extraordinary merit ( sir Charles Stewart ) , of whose services the country had been deprived by death . This was not a time , when measures proposed by ministers could be received with much confidence ; the misfortunes in the East Indies were known , and new calamities awaited us in the West , in consequence of the escape of the Rochefort squadron , which might be attributed , justly , perhaps , to the deficient vigilance of the noble lord ( Melville ) at the head of the admiralty . We should not have had to lament such a mischance , if the gallant and illustrious officer , who so lately filled that dignified situation , had still exerted his talents for the protection and glory of the British navy . supported the bill , on the ground that an augmentation of the disposable force of the country was necessary , to which the present measure would essentially contribute . This was to be effected in a manner as satisfactory as possible to the feelings of the militia officers , who were a body whom he respected , and who were entitled to the approbation of the country for their zeal and great exertions . after hearing from all parts of the house the praises of the militia and their officers , was much astonished at the reward they were to receive ; the men were to be sent out of their native country , and the officers , who were all men of property were to be stripped of the troops they had themselves trained for the purpose of defending that property and their country He was decidedly against the bill which went to the destruction of the most constitutional force in this country . The militia from the time of its introduction in 1756 , had been gradually improving in discipline and utility . It had been officered by some of the most considerable individuals in the kingdom , and had far exceeded the expectations of those by whom the institution was originally , brought forward . He was a friend , as much as any noble lord could be , to the augmentation of our disposable force ; but he could never consent to this as the mode in which that augmentation could be most 205 advantageously obtained . The augmentation so procured was , at the expence of the