retrenchments produced by these commissioners . But what must still more surprise the House , those commissioners were aware of those facts before they made their report , for they took place two months before that report was laid on the table of that house . Yet no part of the censure of Mr. Taylor was abated.—Every part of this statement the right hon . gent . said he was ready to prove at the bar , if required . There was another circumstance with respect to this much abused man , which he begged to mention . His blocks were stated to be of an inferior quality . He had a rival , a Mr. Garnett . The blocks of both those rivals were compared by a special commission in 1791 , and those of Taylor were declared to be decidedly superior Capt . Nicholl , who sailed in the Formidable , took Garnett 's blocks on one side of his ship , and Taylor 's on the other . But after he had returned , and was about to set out on another cruize , he gave orders to have his ship furnished with no other blocks than those of Taylor's.—As to the fraud respecting 13,000l . worth of wood , which the right hon . mover had alluded to , Taylor had nothing to do with it . Nor had those commissioners any merit in detecting it ; for that merit belonged to the Navy Board , who had found out and were prosecuting this fraud before the naval commission existed . The right hon . gent . took 578 notice of the charge against his right hon . friend , respecting the patronage of contractors , and contended that it had been the peculiar object of his right hon . friend 's administration , to prevent the system of contracts altogether , and to leave such things to the different boards , contrary to the system of his predecessors , who generally distributed contracts among members of parliament , or their relations . The right . hon . gent . concluded with stating , that although he felt his objections to some parts of the conduct of this commission to be well founded , still he would not oppose the motion , as the sense of the house seemed to be in its favour . said , the hon . comptroller of the navy had said a great deal respecting the memorial of the Navy Board , and the justification they would have set up if riot counteracted by lord St. Vincent . He would ask the hon . baronet if he would now deny the substance of the report ? The real facts , he would declare , were a thousand times worse than the statement ; and he wished the gross negligence of the hon . baronet 's colleagues had not been what it was . He must complain of the unfair proceeding of gentlemen in arguing upon the authority of papers scarcely laid before the house , and without notice . With respect to the lecture on blocks , delivered by a right hon . gent . opposite to him , he would say a word or two . When a contract is entered into , the party contracting to furnish an article is bound by the stipulated price , whether the article rises or not ; and be .maintained , that air application to raise the price of blocks , which was the case , annulled the contract . That Taylor was thought to have a good bargain of his contract was plain , because Dunstanville at Plymouth gave him ten per cent . for permission to have the article at the price of his contract . The contracts for blocks still go on , to the great loss of the public money , although the machines at Portsmouth are sufficient to supply the demand of the whole nation . When the war broke out , contracts were made for a short time ; but that was for want of lignum vitæ . And they were not then intended to be continued