of the proceedings , and to transmit them to the proper officer ; such a regulation was the more called for , as the witnesses were liable to the pains and penalties of perjury , and without it accusations of that kind must be made from the loose and vague recollections of the persons present . He objected to the proposed arrangement , on grounds of wisdom and policy . The course hitherto pursued ought not be departed from ; but if the new regulation was deemed an improvement , such a precaution as he had suggested ought at least to be adopted . He assured their lordships he came forward on the present occasion , merely from a sense of duty , and from his zeal for the well-being of the army , and the general good of the service . Constituted as the clause then was , he must oppose it . in general terms , defended the clause as it then stood in the bill . He conceived the provision by no means liable to the objections entertained by the noble marquis . He thought it would add a degree of solemnity to the proceedings at such courts martial , and obviously give a greater security for the correctness of the testimony given by witnesses . expressed his coincidence in the opinions of the noble marquis , on the present occasion ; and , after what had fallen from him , a few words from himself would suffice . First , he should observe , that , in the course of his own experience , and as the result of his inquiries from able and intelligent officers , he never heard a single objection to the long-established mode observed in regimental courts martial ; then why adopt a measure which must induce the belief , that the former practice was complained of ? Secondly , he objected to the alteration , as more likely to tend to an increased severity , instead of a more lenient system ; inasmuch as the discretionary power 28 of the members of such courts martial , who were generally inclined , whenever it could be done with the least regard to propriety , to a lenient mode of proceeding , would be the more shackled , in consequence of the proposed alteration . agreed with what was stated by the noble marquis and the royal duke , with respect to the general conduct of regimental courts martial . He had every reason to believe , that , as much of what was correct , humane , fair , and honourable , prevailed in these tribunals , as in any other whatever . He was free to admit , no absolute necessity existed for the alteration ; Yet he felt it would involve such advantages , as should induce its adoption . He referred principally to the check and controul it would establish as to improper evidence on the part of persons not military ; with many of whom , an unfounded degree of prejudice and clamour obtained , with respect to the character and profession of a soldier . It established some degree of security as to evidence of that kind , and would give an air of proper solemnity to the whole of the proceedings in regimental courts martial . observed , he agreed with every thing that had fallen from a very near relation of his , as to the clause in question . He cordially agreed with the sentiments of the noble marquis , in the present instance , particularly in the propriety of appointing a superintending officer to attend at the regimental courts martial , for the purposes mentioned , and he seemed to think the paymaster would be a proper person for the purpose . Though he highly respected every thing that fell from the noble secretary of state , yet , in the case before them , he disagreed with him in every thing he observed , save one point , which was , that no necessity existed for the proposed alteration ; and he appealed to the reverend bench , whether , as Christian