the minutes , why was it not in the report ? said , it was not put down , because it had been directed merely to assist lord St. Vincent 's memory , and because it had not produced any knowledge of the matter in his lordship 's evidence . said , the misapprehension arose from the unhappy circumstance that the witness did not understand the question , which required sonic explanation for the direction of his mind . The question was put down without explanation , and the answer was recorded without qualification . Thus the misapprehension was in the report , without that which had some tendency to correct it . contended , from the time , that lord St. Vincent must have been perfectly aware that the expedition was going forward , and that the letters sheaved it . The noble lord must besides have 484 been aware that the money was to be advanced by the comptroller of the navy , to he replaced by the treasury . from what had been stated by the hon . baronet , who was at the head of the commission , thought it clear that the commissioners conceived the noble lord 's memory wanted assistance and direction . They knew his lordship well ; and if they conceived his memory was deficient , he could not imagine they thought so without reason . He was the more ready to admit the propriety of this proceeding , as he himself had been a member of a court martial on a very meritorious general officer , before which the noble lord had been a witness , and the noble lord 's memory failed him so much that he forgot precise orders given by himself . He could therefore conceive very easily , why persons so well acquainted with his lordship as the commissioners , should have thought it right to assist his memory on the occasion now alluded to.—The question was now put , and the papers were ordered to be printed . moved the reading the act appointing the commissioners of naval enquiry , and the act being read accordingly , the right hon . gent . rose pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the further continuance of that act for a time to be limited . In a former part of the sessions , he observed , that it was his intention to bring forward this motion , if it should appear that the commission of naval enquiry should be unable in the course of the sessions to fully discharge the duty assigned to them on their original appointment . This inability was now apparent , as several objects still remained for investigation which would necessarily occupy much time . It therefore became proper to prolong their continuance . With respect to the conduct and character of this commission , he was as willing as any man to admit , that it had produced much useful and important information . At the same time , however , he would say , that there were several parts of the conduct of this commission of which he could not approve , but still their investigation had been productive of many results that would conduce to the public service , and on this ground he felt it his duty to submit this motion.—The motion being put , thought it extraordi- 485 nary that the right hon . gent . should select the very time he was moving for leave to bring in a bill to prolong the existence et the naval commission , in order to cast a slur upon the conduct of that commission . Such a reflection from any man in the house would excite surprise , but from the right hon . gent . on such an occasion too , it must he peculiarly surprising . Not only that he was quite sure it was decidedly opposite to the general opinion of that house , and the universally received sentiment of the country , that those commissioners were in any part of their conduct deserving of censure . So far from