to office till he could , was again in power . And if this moment of war and difficulty be unseasonable , was not the moment when Mr. Pitt left office formerly , because he could not carry this question , equally a time of war and danger ? Are not the enemies fleets at sea ? Was not Ireland threatened with invasion , and was it not particularly called upon at the present moment to conciliate the inhabitants of that country ? If the objection that now the catholic claims should not be granted because the greatest part of catholic Europe was under the dominion of Bonaparte , were to prevail , there could be no prospect of its being removed during the continuance of the present ministry . But if it be true that Bonaparte has such an ascendancy over catholics , it would be an argument why we should do every thing in our power to conciliate our catholic fellow-subjects . The policy of king William always had been to practice toleration ; and one of his strongest reasons for lamenting the severities to which catholics were made liable was , that it tended to augment the power Louis XIVth . the head of the catholic body . The noble lord here read a passage from Bishop Burnet , illustrating this trait in king William 's character . The conduct of our government , however , was directly the reverse . So far from giving the catholics a real toleration , when it was re- 706 fused them , the policy of our ministers is to defeat the toleration allowed by law , and till political power was added , the catholics could never maintain what had been conceded to them , or rise above the degradation in which they had been held . Now was the time to shew the catholics that they could expect nothing nothing from catholic powers , so so satisfactory , as the liberality and justice of the British legislatures could bestow . This would effectually prevent them lending ear to any suggestions which catholics , the enemies of this country , could propose to them . Besides , it ought not to be forgotten , that the situation of the catholics was the more irksome and disgusting that they were held in inferiority by their own countrymen ; a situation that outraged the feelings more than subjection to strangers . It was time to put an end to this source of Jealousy , and by admitting so important a part of the population of the empire to a full participation of the constitution , unite them sincerely in the interests of the country . In a word , if the laws against catholics were not repealed , it was impossible that things could continue in their present footing in Ireland . The history of that as well as of every other , country , shewed that those who would not concede must coerce ; and was it possible that during a struggle like this , while our foreign enemy was so aggrandized , that we could spare one part of the strength of the empire to keep in subjection , another ? That such was the alternative , every one who looked at the state of Ireland and of Europe must perceive . And was such a wretched and dangerous course to be preferred to the enlightened policy which would heal all discontents , and leave the whole strength and resources of the empire disposable against the common enemy ? had been extremely anxious to offer himself to the house , and had attempted it at an earlier part of the debate as he stood in a peculiar situation with respect to the question at present . under consideration , upon which , before he proceeded further , he said , he should vote against the house going into the committee moved by the noble lord ( Grenville ) . When he received his majesty 's commands to repair to Ireland in year 1795 , and found the question of admitting catholics into the legislatures of Ireland , he had thought