law could give any remedy in some cases which might occur . Supposing , for example , lord Melville , who had appointed Mr. Trotter his private 410 agent , as well as paymaster to the navy , and who had drawn on him for sums of ten and twenty thousand pounds at a time , should have repaid those sums , but not with interest , this would be a corrupt participation , and a participation to a great extent in the profits of the abuse of the public money ; and yet he did not know that a court of law could order any interest to be paid . Besides , if lord Melville and Mr. Trotter could demur to the information , that would put an end to the whole of the business . If a committee was appointed , he thought it would be fettering too much the power of the house to allow witnesses to decline answering on the mere pretext of not criminating themselves . The suppression of truth was almost as strong evidence as the admission of fact . He therefore wished the business should not be left entirely with the attorney general . He declared , that as to the persons concerned in these offences , his feelings were rather those of commiseration ; but it was necessary that justice should be done on this great case ; for the public would never be satisfied that they were sincere in their desire of detecting and punishing offenders , if this business was now left to a tribunal which would not have the power of doing effectual justice . could not allow the debate to proceed farther without expressing the strongest doubts of the sufficiency of proceeding at law , by leaving the whole business now with the attorney general . As the sense of the House had been strongly expressed on one point , he thought it the duty of the house to pursue that examination by which they had already ascertained a most important fact . From the tenth report of the commissioners , the house had already drawn a great and evident conclusion , `` that lord Melville had been guilty of a violation of the law , and a high breach of duty . '' Did it follow , however , from that , that no other conclusions or determinations were to follow , but that they were immediately to divest themselves of all power of investigating further , and delegate all their powers to the attorney general ? He thought the house ought not to delegate its power in that manner , but that it was their duty and a duty that the country expected from them , to pursue the examination , and sift those transactions to time bottom . When the house had discharged this duty , and done all that was in its power to do , then 411 it would be time to call in the assistance of the attorney general and the courts of law , if it should be found necessary , for the great objects that parliament had in view . said , he had listened to all the observations that had been made by the different gentlemen who had spoken on this subject , and had heard nothing that altered his opinion : he , therefore , must persevere in the resolution he originally moved . said , in that case , he should persevere also in the amendment which he had moved ; being firmly convinced that the mode he had suggested was the most likely to obtain the ends of justice . observed , that the right hon . gent . had changed the grounds on which he rested his amendment . He had proposed it on the grounds of the unreasonableness of expecting witnesses to give evidence before the committee which might expose themselves to prosecution . replied that the change proceeded entirely from the hon . gent . himself . He had on a former night given notice that he should move to-night that the attorney general should be ordered to prosecute . Upon the supposition