Stewart to the lord justice Clerk , in pursuance of the said power of attorney , specifying the times when such sums or securities were paid ; a copy of the account settled and discharged with the representatives of the late admiral Keith Stewart , by the lord justice Clerk acting under the aforesaid authority ; a copy of the petition from the town of Edinburgh to the lords of the treasury , praying that 21,000l . be granted out of the balances due from the late admiral Keith Stewart , for the purposes therein mentioned ; together with the reference made by the lords of the treasury to the court of exchequer in Scotland on the subject . On the motion of Mr. S. Bourne , it was likewise ordered , that there be laid before the house a copy of such further proceedings as may have been had by the lords of the treasury for the recovery of any sum due to the public from the representatives of the late admiral Keith Stewart . On the motion of Mr. Giles , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house a return of the number of effective men raised under the additional defence act from the 1st of Feb. last to the period of the latest return , stating the number of men raised per week , and specifying those provided by the parish officers , and those procured by recruiting officers ; as likewise the number that had enlisted into his majesty 's forces for general service . Mr. Bagwell brought in the bill for regulating Irish freeholders , which was read a first time . The innkeepers ' bill , and the Irish spirit permit bill , were read a third time and passed . jun . moved , that there be laid before the house a copy of a letter from sir Home Popham to the secretary of the admiralty , dated 25th Feb. 1805 , with its 184 enclosures ; also , a copy of a letter from the navy board to the admiralty , dated 1st April , 1805 , in answer to the abovementioned letter of sir H. Popham ; also , a copy of a letter from sir H. Popham to the navy board , dated Feb. 28 , 1805 ; also , a copy of a letter from sir B. Popham to the navy board , dated March 26 , 1805 , with the answer of the board thereto . said , he did not rise to object to the production of these or any other papers that might tend to elucidate the subject , but merely to remark , that several weeks had elapsed since a variety of papers moved for on both sides had been presented , since which no inquiry had taken place . By such motions as the present the discussion might be postponed to an indefinite period . stated the grounds of his motion , which were , that sir H. Popham having discovered some imperfections in the original report of the navy board , had written to the admiralty on the subject , and that the amended report had not been received by the admiralty until yesterday , Some further conversation ensued between Mr. Grey , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Dickenson , and Mr. Kinnaird ; in the course of which Mr. Kinnaird intimated his intention of bringing forward a motion relative to sir H. Popham , on Tuesday , the 7th of May next . Mr. Dickenson 's motions were then agreed to . rose to make his promised motion for the production of a copy of the case laid before the attorney and solicitor general of England on the 16th of May , 1801 , by direction of the commissioners for awarding compensation in Ireland in consequence of the union , relative to the claim for compensation from the attorney and solicitor general of Ireland ; together with a copy of the opinion of the attorney and solicitor general of England upon this case . The reason which induced him to bring forward this motion , the