hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Yorke ) had argued forcibly in support of his own sentiment on this occasion , but he allowed he had but few of his brother officers of militia with him . The question was not which opinion was right , but which opinion prevailed ; not what they ought to feel , but what they do feel . When the right hon . gent . said , that 18 out of 32 militia colonels , who signed the resolutions against this measure , were actuated by party principles of opposition to ministers , he surely did not see the effect of this position ; for if so large a portion of the aristocracy of the country , the runk , the landed property , and influence , were to be seized upon a distinct question of this kind , to convey their decided disapprobation of the ministers of the time , it was a pretty clear proof of the sense the best part of the country entertained of these ministers . The generality of the feeling , however , let what may be the cause of it , afforded no argument for the success of the measure . The country , notwithstanding the extraordinary success of all the measures recommended from the other side , was still extremely at it loss for a disposable force ; this , with the expectation of possible circumstances in Europe to afford room for employing this force , were the reasons for resorting to that which the govt . was pledged not to recur to , except in cases of extreme necessity . The repetition of this measure went totally to change the militia from its original constitution , to destroy the principle connection , and thus to do a vast injury to the home service , without having any thing like a permanent good effect on the army . This measure could not be made a part of a general system for recruiting the 128 army . It was a measure of such a nature , that we could not long go on in it , but should soon come to a total stop . Our military system should be so constructed that its parts would correspond with and assist each other . The consequence of doing this thing in this case was , that one part of the existing system acted in one direction and another in the opposite . Then there was a sort of compromise , and such a compromise was most ruinous to any thing like a general system . For all these reasons , and tor many others , which he could adduce , he thought himself perfectly consistent in opposing this bill.—The question being called for , the house divided— For the second reading 148 Against it 59 Majority 89 The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Thursday.—Adjourned . Counsel were heard respecting the Scotch Appeal , Andrew Blane , writer to the signet , trustee for sir A. Cathcart , of Carleton , bart . v. Archibald . Earl of Cassilis , and others ; viz . Mr. Romilly , as leading counsel for the appellant , at considerable length.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages ; among these , the Additional Legacy Duty bill was read a second time , and committed for to-morrow ; and the Committee on the bill to authorise the Oxford and Cambridge Colleges to purchase Advowsons , was postponed till Friday.—Adjourned . gave notice that he should more to-morrow that a humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order copies of the Attorney and Solicitor General 's opinions relative to the rights and claims of the Duke of Athol in the isle of man , to be laid before the house.—Mr . Dickonson , conformably to an order of the house , presented the papers relating to Sir Home Popham ; which were ordered to lie on the table.—Sir J. Newport , according to 129 notice , made a motion respecting Irish