petition to be laid on the table , without taking the opportunity of saving a few words upon the motion . The right of petitioning he held to be so sacred a privilege , that nothing could excuse their lordships from receiving petitions from any description of his majesty 's subjects . To this general proposition he knew only two exceptions : 1st , when the grievance complained of was one over which their lordships had no jurisdiction , and which they therefore could not redress . 2d , when there was something disrespectful in the form or language of the petition . The present petition , however , came not within either of these exceptions , and he therefore should not object to its being laid on the table . He concurred with the noble baron who had introduced the petition , in deprecating all premature discussion ; but , if it was that noble baron 's intention to bring the subject again before the House , he thought it but justice now to declare , that if any motion should be made for carrying into effect the prayer of the petition , he should then , but not till then , state his reasons for opposing any such measure . said , he only rose , that it might be distinctly understood , that it was his intention to bring forward the sub- 105 ject of the petition and its prayer to the consideration of the house , and that with as little interval of delay as the circumstances of the case would admit.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table . rose , to move that the Petition should be printed . He was not aware whether such a motion was conformable to the custom and usage of the house ; but when he considered the importance of the subject , and the variety of assertions made in the Petition , all of which it was indispensably necessary their lordships should thoroughly investigate , he wished , if there was no order against it , to press upon the attention of the House a motion for printing the petition . He at the same time regretted , that a noble lord , holding a high situation in his majesty 's most intimate councils , should have prematurely expressed an opinion inimical to the prayer of the petition . said , he believed it would be found , on the one hand , that there was no order against printing a petition , and that , on the other , there was no example of any petition having been printed . He thought that the importance of the petition demanded that it should remain on the table , for the examination of every one of their lordships , instead of being sent out of the House to be printed.—motion was negatived . agreeably to the notice he had given , brought forward some farther propositions in reference to the pending case of this magistrate . After some general observations , as to the peculiar importance of the case , the necessity which existed for their lordships deciding upon it with the utmost caution and deliberation , with a view equally to the correctness of their own proceedings , as well as to the importance of the case in the way of precedent , and , adverting to the circumstance of the proceedings in the committee being adjourned till the beginning of May , against which period their lordships might be furnished with the necessary information of advice upon the point , moved to the general effect , that `` the case against Mr. Justice Fox , the charges alleged , and steps taken in consequence , be referred to the consideration of the judges for their opinion of the same ; and whether the case , as it stood , could , consistently with the relevant acts and usage of parliament , be 106 farther proceeded in that house , and in that manner . '' did not then wish to offer any opinion as to the substance of his noble friend 's motion , but