, by persons who were themselves the friends and colleagues of delinquents , gave him no hopes whatever that such enquiries were serious . That such persons should be the institutors of enquiry , and the nominators of the committees by whom such enquiries were to be carried on , was a circumstance which the house must regard at least with considerable suspicion . With respect to the personal delicacy of any man , acting under such circumstances as those in which the right hon . gent . stood , that was certainly his own consideration ; but if he ( Mr. Fox ) was the person closely connected with delinquents , he should feel himself bound , by considerations of personal delicacy , to take special care not to be the man to bring forward such an enquiry , and to name the committee , for carrying it on , conscious as he must be of the sentiments such a circumstance must produce in the opinions of all thinking men . The motion for the bill to institute the committee of naval enquiry , on a former occasion , was brought forward by an hon . admiral , who every man must perceive , from the course of that enquiry , and the results it had produced , was serious in his intentions for the detection of delinquents . But he begged to ask , if that bill had been introduced by lord Melville , did any man believe that the house would have had before it Reports , such as those already 495 made by the naval commissioners ? He would not now pretend to dive into the feelings and motives of the right hon . gent . ; but for his own character 's sake he would profess that had he been similarly circumstanced with regard to the persons detected of delinquency , he would not have ventured to come forward for the purpose of naming the committee who were to follow up the investigation ; and if ever there was a question upon which the house should be least diposed to compliment the right hon . gent . with the privilege of nominating a committee , the present was undoubtedly that occasion . He approved , however , of what the right hon . gent . said of the objects of this bill . It was much ; but there was still a necessity for much more . The navy and the army were undoubtedly two great branches of public expenditure , in which great abuses had unquestionably occurred , but there were still others that as loudly challenged enquiry . Did the right hon . gent . think that enquiry was not full as necessary in the expenditure of the treasury , so much more immediately connected with himself ? and upon the same principle , if he were to bring enquiry forward and name the committee , he might as well nominate the lords of the treasury at once to investigate and censure their own delinquencies , if they were guilty . But that those persons whose conduct was the object of enquiry should be permitted to nominate the enquirers , was contrary to every principle of common justice , common decency , and common sense . But let not the right hon . gent . `` lay this flattering unction to his soul , '' that after what had passed in that house , after the enormities that had already been dragged to light , the public would be satisfied with the appointment of a commission by himself , to enquire into those branches of the public service with which he himself was immediately connected . If he entertained this hope , he was convinced that he would find himself very seriously mistaken . rose , with much warmth , to vindicate the conduct of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose individual purity not only placed him far above the unwarrantable imputation of the hon . gent. , but justly attached to him the esteem and confidence of the country . The personal purity of his right hon