, with all the accuracy that was necessary for the two branches of the legislature , the ablest and most efficient men must always be employed , and those could not be diverted from their usual line of employment , without materially impeding the progress of the public service . He would repeat , that he was as anxious as the noble lord , for the full discussion of the question ; and he would therefore entertain the hope , that he would postpone a motion which could only tend to retard it . would not long trespass on the house , but he thought it incumbent on him to say a few words in support of a motion of which he was proud to be the father . He was surprised that the secretary of the navy board should write the letter which the noble lord stated to have received , or that 3 months should be required for the production of papers , which were necessary for the discussion of one of the most important questions that was ever submitted to that house . He could not refrain , however , even in that stage of the business , from declaring , that if any deviation should take place from the system laid down by lord St. Vincent , it was both fallacious and erroneous . In the merchant yards , the practice had long prevailed ref shoaling the shipwrights , and it was the wish of that great character , that the practice , which had been found 157 so advantageous , should be introduced and established in the king 's yards . congratulated their lordships and the country , that the system introduced by the late board of admiralty was under consideration , for its merits were such , that he entertained a confident hope that it would be adopted . He was happy to hear such a declaration fall from the noble lord at the head of the naval department , for it was generally understood that he , and those united with him in administration , came in with the determination to resist all the salutary regulations of the late board of Admiralty.—The first motion was then put and negatived . It was moved , that the rest of the series should be read short , which being done accordingly , they were all rejected.—Adjourned . brought in a bill for enlarging the powers of the corporation of excise in Scotland , and a bill for raising a further sum of money for improving the harbour of Leith , which were read a first time.—The Edinburgh police bill was read a third time and passed.—Mr . Curwen moved , that an humble address be presented to his Majesty , requesting that he would be graciously pleased to cause to be laid before the house a copy of the proceedings of the privy council in 1765 , on the petition of the duke of Athol , for a further compensation for the sale of his feudal rights . Ordered.—Mr . Rose presented the report of the privy council , dated 21st July 1804 , on the petition of the duke of Athol , which was ordered to be printed.—The American treaty bill , and the French and Spanish trade licence bill , went through committees , and the reports were received.—Mr . S. Bourne brought up the reports of the committees on the foreign prize ships bill , and the neutral ships bill , which were agreed to.—On the motion of Mr. Magens it was ordered , that there be laid before the house an account of all dollars issued by the bank of England to the latest period at which the same could be made out.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the Spanish wine duty , which was agreed to , and a bill ordered accordingly.—A message from the lords announced their lordships ' assent to the additional legacy duty bill.—Mr . Cur- 158 wen inquired why , in the report of the privy council relative to the Isle of Man , that bad been this evening laid on