employed by Mr. Trotter , the paymaster ; Mr. Trotter , the paymaster , confidentially employed by lord Melville ; and lord Melville confidentially employed for the public . He had heard of jacobin combinations , and other combinations ; but it would be difficult to imagine a combination more detrimental to the public , than that of these three persons , which touched the cabinet on one side and the stocks on the other . What changes of fortune , what convulsions in finance , was it not capable of effecting ! But that which he thought would alone afford ground for the house to proceed immediately , was the systematic deception practised by lord Melville , by which he , eluded any inquiry that was instituted into his office , and most especially his declarations to the committee of finance . To that committee the right hon . person who was at the head of it , and now so honorably filled the chair 291 of this house , might recollect , that he had stated , that by the institution of the , accountant 's branch , all the old arrears would be brought up , and a prompt mode of settling established for the future . But did he tell them , that as soon as the accountant had settled the balances of the other ex-treasurers , when he came to those of the right hon . Henry Dundas , he was to be withdrawn , and employed in other business ? . Did he tell them , that a period of 7 years would be allowed to elapse , between the final settlement of the accounts immediately preceding , and any attempt to investigate those of his own treasurership ? But he had gone still further . He had positively affirmed to the committee of finance , that by the regulations he had introduced , the intention of the beneficial acts that had been passed was carried into full effect ; although at the time he made this affirmations he must have known , that the principal , and avowed object and purpose of the acts in question , that of transferring the custody of the public money from the treasurer of the navy to the bank , was at that moment directly and grossly violated , and that not accidentally for a particular occasion , but had been so , systematically and constantly , for a period of ,10 years . Did not such wanton misrepresentation call for an immediate expression of the indignation of the house ? He was at a loss to conceive , where the difference could be seen between this case , and that of any private gentleman with his agent or steward . Let it be supposed that Mr. Mark Sprott , in answer to any inquiries that might have been made by Mr. Trotter , had told him , that he was not quite certain whether he did not sometimes vest money of Mr. Trotter 's in his own name , that he might occasionally have placed some of the interest , when he received it , to his own account : could any one imagine , that after such an answer Mr. Sprott would long have remained broker to lord Melville or Mr. Trotter ? But , perhaps , Mr. Sprott might have said , that he did it unintentionally , and that it was the necessary result of the manner in which he kept his accounts . Some one might exclaim ; what broker on the exchange would keep his accounts in such a manner ! To this he would answer : what treasurer of the navy of Great-Britain would keep his accounts in such a manner ; and had not the people of England , who paid the public servants largely and liberally , and in no instance , perhaps , more largely and liberally than in that of the office now be- 292 fore the house , had not they a right to be served with as much accuracy , and as much fidelity , as any gentleman who employs a broker on the