deserve more , till they shall ultimately attain to the full enjoyment , which they pray , of all the benefits of the British constitution . In this momentous crisis of the empire , surely the wisdom of the house will not refuse to stimulate their most active and ardent cooperation in the common cause gratitude and hope , two of the most powerful incentives to good minds ; though I am contented to rely on gratitude alone . Indeed if we proceed more minutely to examine the several points of which the petitioners complain , I am confident , that some of them ( two especially to which My hon . friend alluded peculiarly oppressive , that this house will never agree to their perpetuation . When I recollect , sir , that two hundred thousand brave Irish catholics defend our empire , and aid in the extension of its power and glory , by sea and land , and who , nevertheless , are the only description of his majesty 's subjects that are not now free to serve God according to the dictates of their own consciences ; may , who are constrained by the dread of corporal punishment to practise another kind of Worship repugnant to their opinions and their habits , —surely there is no serious Christian of the present age who will approve the existence of such religious intolerance , nor any wise politician who will wish for the continuance of so pregnant a source of discontent in our navies and armies . The catholics of this country , too , labour Under grievances extremely oppressive , in consequence of their 999 religious opinions on one hand , and the state of the laws on the other with respect to the important article of marriage this , in their system , is an awful sacrament , which with peculiar ceremonies , and by the ministers of their own religion . On the other hand , the marriage act does not recognize the legal validity of marriages so performed , however willing and desirous the catholics are to enter into the spirit of that act , by observing all the conditions that have been or may be enjoined to give due publicity to them , or however in fact they may actually observe them . This they must feel in a more sensible manner , in as much as there is an express clause in the marriage act , for exempting Jews and Quakers , who have peculiar ceremonies of their own , from its operation . The mischief , however , of this state of things , it is obvious , does not rest with the catholics , but is a matter of high concern to the general cause of morality ; in a word , it constantly occasions much private misery , and frequently much public scandal . On these grounds , sir , I shall most conscientiously vote for the motion of my hon . friend , and I trust that the decision of the house will be such as will be worthy of its liberality , and honourable to the character of the parliament and of this country . — I feel myself bound , sir , by the importance of the subject , as well as by the part I took in another place upon a formers occasion , for the few minutes during which I shall call upon their attention . From the manner in which the hon . member near me ( Mr. Lee ) has gone through the whole detail of the penal laws against papists in Ireland , I fear the house may be led to imagine , that they are still in force : the fact is otherwise , and I will tell gentlemen the real situation of the Roman catholics of Ireland at this day . They are as free as the protestant , in the acquisition , in the enjoyment , and in the disposal of property of every species ; they can purchase land , settle their estates , and enjoy all the profits of commercial industry equally with him ; they