answer a question , still no jury would be found to declare him innocent who was a self-convicted violator of the law . The wound inflicted was not much in point of fortune , considering the places the noble lord still retained . It must then be sought in his character . But if it was there , it was strange indeed that , with such a wounded character he should remain a private counsellor of his sovereign . The house then divided on the question , `` that the words proposed to be left out stand part of this question , '' Ayes 223 , Noes 128 , majority 95 . The amendment was of course rejected , and the original motion carried . then moved , `` that the house do now adjourn ; '' and on this question there was another Ayes 98 , Noes 240 , majority 142.—While strangers were excluded , the report of the committee appointed to examine the lists given in en the ballot for the select committee was brought up . On reading the report , it appeared that the names of the members chosen for the committee corresponded exactly with those in the list read on Friday by Mr. Whitbread . then stated , that it was his intention to move that some of the names on this list should be expunged ; but as that motion would probably occa- 507 sion some debate , the proposed that its consideration should be adjourned until the next meeting of the house.—Adjourned . Their lordships proceeded further in the Appeal , Blane , esq . Trustee for sir Andrew Cathcart , against the earl of Cassilis . Mr. H. Erskine was heard in continuation on the part of the respondent , after which the further consideration was postponed till Thursday.—Several private bills were brought from the commons , and read a first time.—Mr . Owen , from the East India house , presented certain accounts pursuant to act of parliament , which were ordered to lie on the table.— The order of the day being moved for the second reading of the bill for dissolving the marriage of John Moore , esq . and Barbara Brabazon , his late wife , and for enabling him to marry again . Mr. Adam was heard as counsel for the petitioner . It appeared that there was an inaccuracy in the recital of one of the clauses of the bill , and on that account the party obtained leave to withdraw it , for the purpose of introducing a new one . The hearing of counsel was then postponed to Thursday next.—Adjourned . The Thames Tunnel bill was read a second time , and was ordered to be committed.—Mr . Lee obtained leave to bring in a bill to supply cities and market towns in Ireland with water.—The secretary at war presented an estimate of the expences of volunteer and yeomanry corps , which he gave notice , would be referred to the committee of Supply on Friday next ; in which committee Mr. Pitt also gave notice , that he would move the army extraordinaries.—Mr . J .Fitzgerald called the attention of the house to an extraordinary construction ( the arrest of judge Johnson ) which had been put upon the act made for the purpose of arresting felons and traitors in any other part of the united Kingdom . He was proceeding to comment with severity on this construction , when the Speaker informed him it was not regular to enter fully into observations of this nature , but that he should simply give notice measure he intended to 508 bring forward . The attorney general said that it was still his intention to move for an amendment of the law alluded to ; but he did not think right to do so , while discussions were pending in the Irish courts of law on the true construction of it with respect to that country.—Sir Andrew S. Hamond , pursuant to notice , moved , `` that there be laid before the house a copy of the letter of the navy board to the