, except on ground of a real or mistaken necessity ; and even so lately as the the 12th of his present majesty , an act was passed `` to enable papists to take not above fifty acres of unprofitable bog , with half an aere of arable adjoining , for not above sixty-one years . '' —The first measure of any extent in favour of the Irish catholics was in 1778 ; they were them empowered to take long leases , and were re- 824 lieved from various incapacities affecting both their properties and persons . The next material act for their benefit was in 1781 ; when I was chief secretary , and a member of the Irish house of commons . It is well known that I gave no discouragement to that act , which in addition to various indulgences contained in it , enables papists to purchase and to hold estates , with the exception of advowsons . I have greatly contributed to give to the Irish catholics an interest in the soil , and consequently a more immediate attachment to the welfare of the community ; but it never entered into my mind to allow them any share of the powers of government and of legislature . The jargon of emancipation was then unknown , the æra of modern illumination was not yet arrived , — that æ when it could be thought safe and practicable to maintain the limited monarchy and established church of England without test-laws , and without any restraint or incapacities affecting any description of sectarists.—The next and last concessions of any importance , were those which took place in 1792 and 1793 . My noble friend who opened this debate , had been pleased to say , that all the framers and supporters of those measures must reflect on them with pride and satisfaction . My near relation ( lord Buckinghamshire ) has expressed a similar sentiment this evening ; and certainly it is an amiable and natural weakness in parents to speak with rapture and admiration even of depraved and very ugly children . I have always contemplated the abrupt and improvident concessions of 1793 with dissent and regret ; I have done so in common with two very respectable friends of mine , the late lord Clare , and the present chancellor of the Irish exchequer . Those concessions placed the protestants of Ireland in a relative situation , which impressed on every observing mind the urgent necessity of legislative union of the two kingdoms ; and yet they tended to increase the difficulties of a measure which thus became essential to the peace and safety of the empire . But great as those concessions were , they only serve to stimulate the appetite of the Irish catholics for further claims ; and , in 1795 , the lord lieutenant ( earl Fitzwilliam ) shewed a strong disposition to gratify them to the full extent of their wishes . Happily he was not supported by the composed of the same individuals who now urge the same measure for which they recalled the noble earl from his vice-royalty . The career of concessions 825 to the catholics was soon afterwards interrupted by that rebellion , over the horrors of which I wish to throw a veil , and afterwards by the discussions and arrangements which eventually accomplished the union of the two kingdoms . In the result , a period of comparative tranquillity has now been attained ; and the Roman catholics and their advisers have thought it eligible for the present application.—What then is the purport of that application ? Nothing less than a full participation of all corporate franchises within the empire , and of all official , judicial , and legislative powers ! In examining the tendency of this gigantic grant ( which , in truth , is of small moment to the bulk and general population of the catholics ) we must presume that it would be efficient ; for if its operation were to be as insignificant as some noble lords seem to expect , there would be either a fallacy in the demand