has said , that there was no pledge in terms held out to the Roman Catholics , at the time of the union , that this measure should pass . My lords , I beg to know , then , when were those terms held out ? for certainly there was a strong expectation universally entertained upon the subject , which must have had strong grounds somewhere ; and if it was not for the implicit acquiescence of the Irish catholics , upon the ground of such an understanding , you could not have carried the union . And , I ask , if this was not the measure held out to secure the acquiescence of the catholics to that union ? What other boon has been granted to the people of Ireland since the union ? None ! that I know of , but additional taxes , and sending abroad a great part of the army that was for their defence . A noble lord , whom I do nit now see in his place , has said the measure could never be granted consistently with the safety of the constitution ; and other noble lords thought that some future period would be more applicable . My lords , I think the properest time is now , and that there should be no longer delay , because , if you refuse 1085 the measure now , what is to be said of the future strength of your navies and armies—more than a third of which are manned by Irishmen—much the greater part of whom are catholics : upon this ground then , I am extremely sorry to hear such arguments offered by his majesty 's minister , or those who support him , and that this measure is never to be granted : and the point on which I felt most sorrow at his declaration , was , where he said he had no confidence in the principles or professions of the Irish catholics ; for it must go to depress all ranks and classes of that people in the sister country , by holding them in so much lower estimation than any other class of their fellow subjects , and , than , I am sure , any other member of this house entertains . I would ask the noble lord , when he talked of the security of our glorious constitution , and glorious it certain is : Was it to protestants eve are indebted for that invaluable jewel ? I answer , no ! for you obtained that constitution , magna charta , and all those inestimable rights that form the chief bulwarks of British liberty—at a time when the catholic religion was the faith of this country . What danger , therefore , can be apprehended from catholics or their religious principles to that constitution which owes its origin to themselves ? With respect to what has fallen from the royal duke , I reverence his respect to that religion , and those principles which introduced his illustrious family to the throne of these realms ; and under whose auspices this country has continued to enjoy so many signal advantages . But I always conceived that the Roman catholic prince , to whom his family succeeded , was driven from the throne , not for his religion , but his arbitrary principles , and the despotism he attempted to introduce . But , if a Roman catholic king , upon the throne of these realms , with all the power and influence he possessed , was unable to change the religion , or subvert the constitution of this country , and was hurled from the throne for the attempt ; how is it possible that , under a protestant prince of the House of Brunswick , and a protestant legislature , such events have the most distant probability of risk , from any indulgence that now remains to be extended to his majesty 's Catholic subjects in Ireland ? My lords , it has been said the Roman catholics of Ireland admit their allegiance to a foreign jurisdiction . I deny the fact ; and