circumstance was , that there were no Irish among them . It was stated and admitted , that for the reason I have mentioned , there were two or three regiments as available as four or five . Apply this to England , or to any other 1056 country that is well governed , would any body say that our military force was strong , because it consisted of foreigners , or that it was weak , because it was composed of Englishmen ? Would you not argue , that so much the more would be expected from men , who were fighting for their own country , their homes , their fortunes , and all that was dear to them ? Why is the argument different with respect to Ireland ? Why do you wish to have the regiments in Ireland with as few Irish as possible ? The argument is this , and you may reduce it to a syllogism , of which the major is , every man is most to be depended upon in proportion to his interest in the constitution . The minor is , Englishmen are most interested in their constitution ; ergo , the conclusion is , Englishmen are most to be depended upon . Apply this , on the other hand , to Ireland , and , altering the terms of the syllogism , the conclusion will be the reverse ; the minor will be , that the Irish catholics are the least interested in the constitution , and therefore they are the least to be relied on to defend it . It is on this principle you would have your regiments in England composed of Englishmen , and in Ireland not composed of Irishmen . Who are so little interested in Ireland as the Irish Roman catholics ? None . Yet such is the state of that country , in which you say nothing is to be obtained by gaining over the hearts and energies of three-fourths of the population . It is said , are not those nobleman and gentlemen , who compose the higher class of the people of Ireland , loyal ? If they are , why would you give them any thing to make them more so ? I would give them the same interest in the constitution of the country which others have , and then I may reasonably expect similar exertions from them . We say it is little for them to gain , and much for us to give . They say it is much for them to gain , and little for us to give . What is it we give ? All we give away is political power ! To whom do we give that power ? To the catholics Who are the catholics ? Our fellow subjects . — I come now to the objection as to the particular form . It is objected to giving hopes to the catholics , because it is said , how can I desire the house to go into a committee , if I do not know that the committee will support me in all the points in favour of the catholics ? Has not this objection been answered , standing on different grounds ; surely no one will say , that we ought not to 1057 go into a committee to see whether we can not give either , because we can not give both . These are two very different points in this question . Gentlemen speak as if they thought none but members of the church of England were capable of sitting in parliament . But do not dissenters sit in this house ? However , in point of doctrine , the church of England differs from the catholics , yet it does not differ more than from the dissenters . With regard to the maintenance and establishment of the church of England , there can not be more difference between the catholics , than there is between the dissenters and the churchmen . We have forty-five members in this house , who are of a professed establishment different from our own