The charge here was no less than one of direct perjury . It was the general fate of all men in high situations to subject themselves to calumny , if they touched the work of corruption . He would aver , and that without fear of contradiction , that with regard to the secret expedition , lord St. Vincent never did give his sanction to it . Lord St. Vincent uniformly protested against the appropriation of naval money to any but naval services , or to other purposes than those for which it was voted by parliament . His lordship uniformly took care that not one farthing of the public money of his department should be misapplied . Lord St. Vincent never made any appointment of a single naval officer to the expedition , although he night have desired lord Keith to give it a convoy . The whole was left to the persons appointed by the treasury . The papers which were just read , had nothing to do with the charges against lord St. Vincent . By lord Hobart 's letter , it appeared that the whole expense was to he defrayed by the treasury . Lord St. Vincent washed 475 his hands of it When he returned to sir A. Hamond the letter of lord Hobart . To be sure , it was impossible for lord St. Vincent , as a member of the cabinet , not to have known of the expedition , but he had no participation in lodging navy money in the hands of the hon . baronet . Here then ends , in the face of the house , the first charge against lord St. Vincent , and the remarkable phrase that either the situation of lord St. Vincent or sir Andrew Hamond would appear from the papers , one in which no man of honour would wish to stand . As a seaman , lord St. Vincent gave his opinion respecting the project for choaking up the harbours of the enemy ; but , as a servant of the public , he had never departed from his resolution not to use the public money against the votes of parliament . I have but one more observation to add , which is , that the worthy baronet has my warmest thanks for the production of his papers . observed , that the impression made upon his mind was , that the hon . baronet had moved for the production of these papers for the purpose of repelling a charge , the substance of which was to be decided by the answer to be given to a question , whether the comptroller of the navy had employed money entrusted to his charge in other services than those of the admiralty ? That was the charge , and which charge it was not for him to say had been repelled ; that was with the house . But how it might appear to be conformable to , or contrasted with , what might have been said or sworn elsewhere , he left to the consideration of the public . observed , that what had just been said by the right hon . gent . was fair , if indeed it was not something more than fair . But he had a right to expect that the point should be put on the true ground , and perhaps it would have been fair if the rt . hon . gent . had put forward the charge against lord St. Vincent . The ground of bringing forward these documents was , that my lord St. Vincent 's evidence , as delivered to the commissioners of enquiry , was incorrect , as was indeed stated in one of the documents themselves . Now , it was so far from being so , that there was no incorrectness whatever in that evidence ; on the contrary , lord St. Vincent understood the matter at the time , as be and every body else understands it now , and he should be glad to have the incorrectness pointed out . It was another matter to say that the hon .