that brave army , he should not oppose any practicable method , if such could be found , of transporting not only the militia , but the whole population of the country , for its relief . This plan , therefore , did not bring an accession of 17,000 men to our offensive force , but transferred them from one branch of defensive force to another ; and that in a manner calculated to produce dissatisfaction and disunion in the service . It should not be lost sight of , that in its present state , the militia was a great defensive force , created by the parliament , and so formed , as to be a check against any such improvident or ruinous enterprise , or expeditions of the ministers , if any such were meditated . To deprive the people of such a force , raised from themselves , and for their own defence , was as unjust as it was impolitic . Such varying systems , from day 137 to day welt inconsistent with stable maxims and principles of any country , and rendered it impossible to depend upon any expectations which might afterwards be conceived of them ; whereas , by adhering to some steady and permanent military system , this country , considering , the spirit that now actuated it , would he enabled to keep up an army of transcendent excellence . thought it was rather an inconsistency to call upon all the talents of the country to put the army on a proper footing , and at the same time to deny that there was any necessity for the present measure . In the third year of a war , like the present , of the most fromidable description ever known it was rather extraordinary to hear gentlemen speak as if it were a mere guerre de pots de chambre , as an illustrious character had denominated one the petty civil wars of France . The effect of having a large disposeable force would be to change the nature of the war from defensive to offensive , to free the country from the apprehension of becoming itself the scene of war , a calamity which every man who was acquainted with war and the scenes that accompanied it , would wish to remove far from any place he had an affection for . This measure , if it was disagreeable to the militia colonels , was brought upon them by themselves . If they had agreed to the interchange of the services of the militia between the different kingdoms of the empire , the services of the English militia in Ireland would have set free 20,000 regular troops , hitherto locked up in that country . The militia-men , as he had convinced himself by a very close inspection , were highly disciplined , and wanted but to be accustomed a little to the regular service , to make them as good soldiers as any in it . made a few observations , in answer to what fell from the hon . gent . who spoke last but one . When a measure of this sort was originally proposed in 1779 , the army had not gone to Holland . A second application had been made to and parliament for relief to that army , and it had been granted . The hon . gent . 's argument then , so far as it depended upon the expedition to Holland , fell to the ground . The house then divided on the speaker 's leaving the chair , Ayes 113 Noes 49 Majority 64 138 On the re-admission of strangers into the gallery , was speaking on the necessity that there appeared to him to be of the bill expressing more clearly whether the Supplementary Militia bill was or was not repealed . The present measure was a partial repeal of the Additional Force act , which was itself a repeal of the act for calling out the Supplementary Militia . said , the most regular way for the hon . gent . to have proceeded , would be either to introduce any