restricted . On the investigations there to he made , the public might have relied for success . Any other mode must be open to disappointments , inconvenience , and delay . The attention of the public was fixed on the proceedings of the house , and of the courts of judicature , to which they should resort for justice and punishment of the offenders . He was averse from allowing the possibility of the ends of justice being defeated , or that any disappointment should flow from such a quarter ; that the public should find that they were so short-sighted , ignorant , and improvident as to the decision which must follow . It was their duty ; they were called on to preserve the good opinion of the public in the course of law of the kingdom ; and , so far as in them lay , not to allow the public mind to relax in any share of that love , confidence , and affection in their proceedings which we knew at present existed . Here a great public delinquent had been proclaimed to the country . His offence had even been in part acknowledged : but when parliament carried him into a court of law , nothing could be made of him ! He approved of the observation of the hon . bart . ( sir John Newport ) . It was not money which that house and the country sought for in this instance ; it was for the adoption of that proceeding which should best consult the dignity and honour of parliament , and of the nation . His hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) had said , that the adopting of the one mode of proceeding in the criminal court , would not preclude them from their civil suit . In this he agreed with his hon . friend . He had not contended , as the hon . and learned gent . ( the master of the rolls ) seemed to imagine , that they would avail themselves of both proceedings . That he understood not to be the meaning of his hon . friend ; but only that if one failed they might then recur to the other . If in the criminal action they felt embarrassed , they might be entitled in the civil action to attempt something like compelling restoration . It was of the utmost importance for parliament to take care that they did not go to demand the opinion of a court of judicature in that part of their rate in which there was a 503 chance of failure . He was a great friend to judicial proceeding and he wished the people in general to be so . He confessed he had had no doubts , although the spirit of the law was unquestionably with them , whether it was equally clear that the letter of the law was so too.— None of those gentlemen , however , who were better qualified than he pretended to be to judge on that subject , having started any doubt on the subject , he should hope there was on that point no risk of failure . Failure was at this moment greatly to be deprecated . It was not against the courts of law alone that the obloquy would attach . Parliament would also come in for its share . He was not anxious for popularity , he was solely solicitous to preserve unbroken , those bonds of esteem , affection , and confidence , which he hoped would always continue to subsist between the people of this country and parliament . He therefore , as the best measure which now remained to be adopted , gave the amendment his cordial support . —I think I am warranted in saying that the mode proposed by the hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Stanhope ) , is that which was approved by a great majority of the house . The question then is , whether we shall wave it , and substitute one which the gentlemen themselves , who have brought it forward , say is