( Signed ) A. S . Hamond . '' `` Statement and Declaration.—On reading the eleventh report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and particularly the evidence given by the earl of St , Vincent , as stated in the appendix to that report , which appears to me not to be correct ; I have judged it proper to make the following declaration . I declare , 1st , That I have written documents in my possession ( copies of which are hereunto annexed ) which appear to me to prove that his lordship had a thorough knowledge of one of the transactions ; all knowledge of which he has denied : —And , 2dly , I declare , that although I have no written testimony to prove that his lordship was actually acquainted with the other transaction set north in that report ; and also stated in the appendix by his lordship to have been unknown to him ; yet that his lordship was not unacquainted with its having taken place ; and the fact of his having denied the one , which is capable of distinct proof , may tend to confirm my declaration upon the other , as the same degree of forgetfulness which occasioned his denial of the one might occasion a similar mistake in his denial of the other . I therefore declare , that feeling it to be my duty to take care that the first lord of the admiralty should be informed generally of the transactions of my office , and particularly , of such as were out of the ordinary course of proceeding ; I took occasion not long after the earl of St. Vincent came into office as first lord of the admiralty , to ask his lordship if his predecessor lord Spencer had acquainted him with any service going on under the authority of his probation or order , that still remained unexecuted , and to which I might have occasion hereafter to call upon his lordship 468 for his sanction ; and his answer was , that lord Spencer had not mentioned any circumstance of the kind to him , or left any memorandum , having emptied his drawers previous to his ( lord St. Vincent ) taking possession of his office room . I then told his lordship , that it became my duty to inform him of various particulars that I considered absolutely necessary he should he acquainted with . I mentioned to him the circumstances under which the merchant builders were then going on with the 74-gun ships contracted for in 1800 ; that instead of having complied with their request to increase the price they had engaged for , I had been authorized by lord Spencer to give them assurances , that if they went on and built the ships according to contract , their case should be fully considered , and a compensation made them for their losses , if the same should be made appear to the satisfaction of the navy board ; this , lord St. Vincent fully approved of at that time . I also informed his lordship , that Mr. Lindegren was employed as an agent to procure hemp for the navy through the neutral merchants , ( the Russian ports being then shut against this country ) ; which his lordship also approved of , and continued.—I stated likewise to his lordship , all the circumstances that had occurred in the change of the mode of paying the navy bill ; sheaving what an immense saving it had been to the public ; and the difficulties which arose in 1797 in first getting the ninety-day bills into circulation ; and informed him of the expedient the treasury had been obliged to resort to for keeping up their credit , when there did not happen to be money in the exchequer to discharge them.—And I do as confidently assert , upon the same principle , and either at the same time , or shortly afterwards , I informed his lordship of all the circumstances of the transaction relative to the issue of the 100,000l . stated in page