liable to some objection ? The observation made respecting the powers of the committee does not appear to me to he founded in fact . The question of enlarging its powers did not affect the particular case of lord Melville . The doubt arising upon that subject was whether the powers of the committee were sufficiently wide , and embraced every other proper object of enquiry , exclusive of the particular case referred to a court of law ? That , however , is not the question now . The question now is which of the two modes is preferable ? and I contend that the civil bill is better calculated to obtain the object than the criminal process . After having inflicted so heavy a wound upon lord Melville , as that which his lordship had already suffered , he did not understand that the house wished to follow it up in a penal way , unless satisfied of his lordship 's participation in the profits . With a consciousness to that effect , I thought the house would be content with au assurance that his lordship was not to return to his majesty 's councils . I think , then , that 504 the house ought not to go those lengths which they declined at first without a further aggravation of his lordship 's offence . With this feeling , therefore , I shall vote for the original motion . —The right hon . gent. , who has just sat down , argues as if the house had decided that they would proceed by civil suit . That , however , is not the case . He has indulged in much sarcasm against me on account of the course of my proceedings . Sir , I say , that in what I have done , I have proceeded with deliberation , and I am not sorry for any step I have taken . I wish to proceed in both ways . I mean after the house had declared itself upon that part of the charge which is indisputable , I wished for a committee to ascertain every thing else connected with the subject . The house has decided upon the violation of the law , but not upon the participation of viscount Melville in the profits . Now what says the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) ? He advises us to try a civil suit for the participation , while the law officers of the crown admitted it had little chance of success . I therefore wish for a mode by which effectual justice may be done , and that is a committee of the whole house . That a great wound has been inflicted upon my lord Melville by the discovery , I admit ; but is that a punishment ? When a grand jury finds a bill , is that a punishment for the offence charged , and is the case not to be sent for trial to a petty jury ? I admit that the vote of the house compelled the resignation of lord Melville ; but there is a great deal of difference between that resignation and his dismissal . The people should have seen and known that he was dismissed . The effect ought to have been plain and palpable to the understanding of every man . If a civil suit were to discover that the money was picked out of the pocket of the public , would that be punishment , unless followed by restitution ? I admit I might have the-committee , and the right hon . gent . said he would not oppose it ; but to obtain his concurrence , I must have abandoned the particular case in question , and acquiesced in an attempt to cloak and screen lord Melville , and that I did not choose to do . The criminal proceeding is , I am sure , the best calculated to obtain the ends of justice , and I shall accordingly vote for it . wished to offer a word or two in explanation of the opinion 505 imputed to him .