of other subjects , I hope they will tell your lordships what the necessity is for debarring them of their just rights . I should feel warranted in making the motion I mean to conclude with , without any other observation than this ; that to my understanding no such necessity or expediency does or can exist ; none such has been stated . But I am willing to take the proof upon myself , not that I think it ought to 662 be imposed upon me , but because I feel such complete conviction , not only that the cause is right , but that it is so manifestly and palpably so , that it is almost unnecessary for me to anticipate the objections which I expect may be urged against it . The principle I take to be , that the British constitution is founded on the basis of equal laws . I admit that there should be some distinctions with regard to privileges enjoyed by different parts of his majesty 's subjects ; but that such distinctions are to impose restraints on four or five millions of people , and to have the effect of debarring them of their rights , is what I can not assent to for a moment , without the existence of some strong , manifest , and palpable expediency . The catholics come before you , restricted from the enjoyments of seats in parliament ; from the highest offices in the executive government ; from the superior offices in the civil , military , and naval professions ; from the office of sheriff , and by qualified restraint from offices in corporations . The question is , what is the expediency , the necessity , which should induce you to continue these restraints ? The first ground I have heard stated is one which I should be unwilling to attribute to any man ; which I should hope could not be entertained by any member , but which I mention , in order to exhaust all the various objections I , have heard or can collect . It has been stated , and I believe written somewhere , that the nature of the catholic religion is such , that no catholic subject can , because he is a catholic , be a loyal subject . If that be true , it will follow , that those persons who profess a religion which makes them traitors are not fit to be admitted into the legislature , or into the highest civil and military offices of the country . I might go further , and ask , whether they were fit to have been admitted to civil offices , with the exception of not more than twenty ? Were they fit to have been admitted to the army , to the whole administration of the revenue , with the exception of four or five offices , professing a religion which disqualifies them from their allegiance . Are they fit to come to the table of a court of justice , and swear allegiance to the sovereign ? No man who conceives the catholics really disloyal , can agree that they ought to be permitted to come to a country justice to swear to their loyalty . But I have been told , and I know that endeavours are made to circulate the opinion , that it is impos- 663 sible for any man , who professes the catholic religion , to be a true and loyal subject . Upon this point , one is disposed to look a little beyond mere assertion . I wish to look to the proof . I find it in something that somebody has brushed up from some old musty record , or some old decree of the church . I find arguments drawn against the declarations of individuals now existing , against their whole course of life , not from any thing they profess , not from any thing they believe they profess , but because persons chase to say , `` If you are a Roman catholic , it is in vain for you to call yourself