him were frivolous , vexatious , and litigious in the highest degree . The whole rested upon about 12l . worth of canvass and some oakum , while nothing was said of the great saving he 645 had made . In his opinion , that hon . officer , instead of incurring the censure , ought rather to receive a vote of thanks from the house . meant at first to have objected to the committee , as no case had been made out ; but on the grounds on which the motion now rested , he would vote for it . When he was chairman of the East India company , he had corresponded with sir Home Popham , whose conduct had made the most favourable impression on his mind ; that impression had been increased by the perusal of the papers on the table . Serious observations had been made on the expenditure of oakum and other trifles , while the saving of 27,000l . per month in the reduction of tonnage was overlooked . declared , that the pamphlet mentioned by the gallant baronet certainly did not proceed from what had been termed lord St. Vincent 's board of admiralty . Whether his hon . friend wished to assert any share in the manufacture of it , he did not know , but for himself , he utterly disclaimed it : the first time he had ever heard of it was last November at Portsmouth . The scurrility of this pamphlet had been insisted on , but surely it was not more scurrilous than the pamphlet antecedently published by the hon . baronet himself , in which he had indulged in observations calculated to defame and disgrace one of the highest public boards in the country . The hon . admiral read several passages from the law opinion annexed to sir Home Popham 's narrative of the proceedings between him and the navy and admiralty boards , in support of his statement , and contended , that if a pamphlet , accusing an individual of improper conduct , was unjustifiable , one of the same tendency , by an officer , against a public board , was still more so . The hon . admiral called on the right hon . gent . ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) to consider , whether or not , by the measures he was now pursuing , he might not destroy that service which it was his duty to uphold . The liberty of the subject , to which he had alluded was a very ticklish point , and he cautioned him how he allowed it to be agitated . He warned him , lest by persevering in the system which had been adopted , the whole navy should go to ruin . His noble friend had persevered against a host of enemies in endeavouring to improve the state of the navy . Whether they 646 considered the civil or the military services of that noble lord , the house would ultimately find him entitled to their warmest thanks ; and he could not help believing , that the right hon . gent . wished in his heart that the navy was in the situation in which it was when his noble friend retired from office . said , he should be very glad to leave the comparative scurrility of the two pamphlets to the determination of the committee . jun . reprobated the keeping of the gallant officer in a state of suspence for such a length of time . Why was it that sir home Popham had not been tried by a court martial ? Or why had not a civil or criminal prosecution been instituted against him ? —Because , in that case , facts must have been distinctly proved ; because a jury must have been convinced of his guilt before they returned a verdict against him . Instead of this , the conduct of the hon . baronet had been submitted to the consideration of the commissioners of naval enquiry , who very fairly declared that it was not a fit subject for their