bank from paying in specie continues , the hon . gent . who made this objection , need have no great apprehension . It will be extremely convenient to the people of Ireland , and he hoped therefore the bill would have the approbation of the house . said he doubted whether these pieces of silver would continue long in circulation , as , at 5s . 5d . each , people would find an advantage of eight and a half per cent . and would send them to this country to make their payments , and thereby save so much in the rate of exchange . said , these tokens are to issue at 5s . 5d . but will be ten per cent . under the value of Spanish dollars , and if you add eight and a quarter , the difference of exchange , it would be nearly 19 per cent . and when exchange is very high , it would be nearly 25 per cent . ; when to these are added the inconvenience of carriage , and the wearing of the silver by friction , there would be thought very little danger of their being sent to this country . said a few words in favour of the bill , and the house went into the committee , in which the clauses were read and agreed to.—Adjourned . —The bishop of Oxford presented a petition from the freeholders of Oxfordshire , praying that the restraints upon the catholics might not be repealed , which was ordered to lie on the table.—Lord Mulgrave reminded their lordships that they stood summoned for to-morrow upon a notice which he gave before the recess , relative to one of their standing orders , that which enabled any peer to move the house into a committee whenever he desired it . The more he had considered that order , the more he was convinced it ought not to remain upon the books of the house ; and he should therefore , to-morrow , move to expunge it.—Lord Mulgrave said that a noble friend of his , who had undertaken to bring forward a clause to be added to the University Advowson bill , had not yet been able to complete it ; and he , therefore , wished that the further consideration of the bill might be postponed till Wednesday . After a short conversation between the bishop of Oxford , the bishop of St. Asaph , the lord chancellor , and lord Mulgrave , the order for the Committee sitting this day was discharged , and fixed for Wednesday.—Adjourned . —The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received from the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , the following letter , in return to the thanks of this house of Thursday last.— '' Office of Naval Enquiry , Great George Street , 4th May 1805.—Sir , We have had the honour to receive your letter of the 3d of this month , transmitting to us a copy of the resolution of the house of commons of the 2d instant.—It is most gratifying to us to learn , that our conduct as Commissioners of Naval Enquiry has been considered by the house as deserving a vote of their approbation ; a testimony which is justly esteemed one of the highest honours that can be conferred on persons employed in the service of the public : we receive this mark of distinction with the greatest respect and thankfulness ; and we request that you will have the goodness to communicate to the house these our sentiments.—We also beg leave 600 to express our sense of the very obliging manner in which you have been pleased to convey the resolution , of the house . We have the honour to be , sir , your most obedient , humble servants , Charles Morice Police , Ewan Law , John Ford , Henry Nicholls , Win . Mackworth . Praed . `` —On the motion of Dr. Duigenan , the Irish First Fruits Bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed On Wednesday.— Mr. Calcraft presented the Declaration of