the catholics themselves , and tempt them ( as it has hitherto done ) into struggles for ascendancy , which might prove fatal to the privileges they now enjoy . Their advocates boast much of their wealth , fairly and honourably acquired under our mild and equal laws ; honours have been conferred by the crown , or restored to their most distinguished families ; the absence of jealousy , and the consciousness of our superior constitutional strength , justified our monarch in conferring these favours , and the protestant people in rejoicing at their attainment . But great states are distinguished by the wisdom of their precautionary measures ; the wisdom of Bri- 949 tish policy has led its councils to protect the crown from temptation , and to guard the conduct of the monarch against the effects of his passions and his wishes , by with-holding the instruments by which our constitution in church and state might be assailed and subverted . Should a British monarch entertain such views , the manufacturing and preparing instruments would alarm the jealousy , and enable the wealth and independence of the empire to rise in defence of its civil and religious liberties . As far as the feelings of the crown itself may be concerned , we must consider how cruel it would be to render the exclusion of such a description of subjects from his councils and the higher offices of state a matter of personal objection , and consequently of personal odium against the monarch himself.—The catholics surely expect that the capability which they now wish to obtain should be productive of its effects . At present no individual can feel , in his exclusion from power , a personal degradation ; he must attribute it to existing laws , and to the existing constitution . Give them capability , and then do not confer upon a great proportion that share in the cabinet and the councils of the crown which they fancy their boasted numbers and wealth entitle them to , and will you conciliate a single individual ? Will not discontent be more formidable than it is at present ? On the other hand , what would be the sentiments and the sensation of the people of this empire , were they to see a protestant monarch , whose tenure to his throne depends upon his fidelity to his religion , surrounded by catholic counsellors ? Could any circumstances reconcile them to such a choice in the monarch himself ? And should the strength of parties ( as it is sometimes supposed to have done ) force such ministers , and such counsellors upon the throne , how miserable , how degraded must be the situation of our monarch , and how precarious the state of our religion and of our civil liberties ! Such appear to me to be the inevitable evils of concession to the present claims ; and if we are to be reduced to a choice of evils , and must consider catholic numbers ( as the hon . members have held out ) a source of intimidation , our ancestors have held Ireland in times infinitely more unfavourable , and against numbers infinitely more disproportioned ; and I entertain no doubt that we should do so again . Let England but understand her true interest ; let her justly appreciate the spirit , zeal , 950 and loyalty of the protestants Ireland let her be convinced , they feel their properties , their honours , and their lives , dependent upon British connexion : but if England unfortunately forgets what is to , as brave and as zealous allies as any nation ever possessed , her protestant subjects of Ireland , she will have the most fatal reasons to lament her acquiescence in their and her own destruction . Let England be firm in her adherence to her laws and constitution . No catholic can be oppressed by the laws in Ireland ; his property and his person are protected by the same code and juries that protect the protestant . If , notwithstanding these advantages , any of them should appeal