; both must be printed , and what time could then remain of the sessions to read , to consider , and to discuss them ? Much better would it be for the hon . member , if he had any charge to make against earl St. Vincent , to bring it at once . Let it be referred , with all the documents , to a Committee , and let them report their decision ; and if there appeared parliamentary ground for accusation against the noble earl , let it be followed up in a parliamentary way . The hon . member had talked of the disgraceful and degraded state of the British navy , during the administration of the noble earl . Upon what circumstance in the affairs of the navy , during that period , the hon . member had founded his assertion , he ( Mr. Grey ) was yet to learn ; but he begged to ask the hon . member in what period of our naval history was the British flag more signally decorated with laurels in every quarter of the globe , then during the period of the noble earl 's administration ? If the hon . member had any charge to make against the noble earl , let him bring it forward . It was an enquiry desirable to the house , and to the country , and to none more so than to the noble lord . On behalf of the noble earl , therefore , he challenged the enquiry , and hoped it would not be relinquished . replied by saying , he did not bring forward these motions lightly . It was no light charge for him to state that the degraded state of our navy was 632 entirely owing at this moment to the negligence of the noble lord . He wished , however , to bring no charge until the papers were before the house , out of which that charge was to arise . He wished to see his way before he made his charge ; but if it was not founded in the documents for which be moved , he should most readily acknowledge his error , and be ready to apologize to the house and to the public officers for giving them unnecessary trouble.—With respect to the laurels acquired by the British navy under the noble lord 's administration , they were attributable not to his direction , but to the eminent state of perfection in which he found that navy on his succession to its direction . It was then a navy fit for Britain to possess , and competent to meet and vanquish her enemies in every quarter of the globe ; but was that the boasted superiority and perfection it maintained under the auspices of the noble earl , who never contracted for more than the building of two ships of the line ? Was this the way to keep up the superiority of our navy , or was it not the certain road to that degradation to which it had since fallen ? He disclaimed vindictive motives ; he had voted with the glorious majority for the degradation of lord Melville , and he acted in this instance from motives equally just . He was cheered without doors by many men of character for his intentions upon this head , and he knew many independent members who , though they did not think fit themselves to bring forward this business , yet were glad to see the enquiry come forward . He had no objection however to postpone his motions to a more distant day , if the house wished . replied , that the hon , member had made out no charge against his noble friend , save by his own assertions : such a charge must rest upon other proofs . answered , the proofs must rise out of the papers . wished the hon . gentleman to fix what day he would bring forward his charge . answered Thursday ; and till then he had no objection to withdraw his motions.—Withdrawn with leave of the house .