to the , expediency or inexpediency of the time for conceding those claims . In my opinion , my lords , this is the best possible time . We are , this moment , and for some time past , have been menaced on all sides by a vigilant , daring , implacable , and adventurous enemy . His fleets , we know , are this moment at sea , with the design of some desperate and hostile attack against the British dominions—and we know not the moment when , or the place where , he may effect a landing on some of our coasts ; or , whether in Ireland or the West-Indies . At such a moment , my lords , four millions of his majesty 's catholic subjects are suppliants at your bar , for a full participation in those constitutional rights , in which it is our glory and their anxious desire to participate , and which they will then be thus forcibly attached to defend and join in the common cause for our common safety . Is it , or is it not , then , wise to secure their attachments , to unite their hearts and hands with our own against the common foe , and to maintain inviolable our common country ? It has been said , by many noble lords who have spoken on the other side of this question , that enough has been , already granted to the catholics , that you can not grant more with safety to the constitution ; and that you ought to make your stand here . I do not agree with those noble lords ; for , in my mind , if you do not grant to the full extent , you do nothing , to secure the affections , and the cordial attachment of the catholics . The whole course of your measures toward the catholics , for a series of years , has been only a prelude to their final and complete emancipation . If it is not to be granted now , you disappoint the anxiety and the hopes of the catholic mind . You have taught them to expect it by the whole course of your policy , and by your successive relaxations of the penal Code , in their favour . They have looked , up with earnest expectation to the envent—they have polished their education , they have enlarged their understandings and if it is now withheld , he knows little of the human mind that can not anticipate the 1084 most dePrecable consequences from the refusal.—My lords , I now proceed to answer some arguments which fell from the noble secretary of state in the course of last night 's discussion . My noble friend ( lord Grenville ) who introduced this subject , very properly , in my mind , deprecated every species of warmth and intemperance , on discussing this question , and a speech more moderate , more cool and dispassionate than his own , I never heard within these walls . But the noble secretary of state commenced his speech with a degree of heat and vehemence , which from him I should not have expected , and which was but ill calculated to procure attention , or give weight to his reasoning . But I appeal to the house , if , in the course of his speech , he stated any one argument which the noble baron did not anticipate and refute . A speech so fraught with justice , with truth , with sound argument , as that of the noble baron , must , I think , have carried conviction to the minds of your lordships , and would , I should hope , induce you to accede to his proposition , 'magna est veritas et prevalebit . ' The noble secretary of state accused the noble baron with using threats to intimidate this house into compliance with the measure ; but the noble baron so immediately contradicted the assertion , as to make it unnecessary for me to say anything on that head.—My lords , the noble secretary