as enacted during the late war ; there was then an imperious duty upon them so to enact , and the circumstances of the country were widely different as to its defensive situation and the naval power of the enemy ; the present measure would , he contended , prove inefficacious , and it was odious and disgusting to the militia officers in general ; and all the military measures of the present ministers were injurious to the militia system . In the former instance , the militia were in number too great and unwieldy to be conducted on true militia principles , and the preamble of the bill he alluded to , declared that a great defensive force was no longer necessary in the country . There existed at that time also a legal necessity for diminishing the militia . In all these particulars the country was at present in the reverse , or in a very different state , and ministers themselves must feel , that the defensive force of the country could not be safely diminished . The measure , taking it in every point of view , had his decided disapprobation . followed on the same side , and supported the arguments of the noble marquis . He censured the measure in question as unjust in its principle , and unlikely to produce the desired effect . It was a miserable expedient to think of robbing one branch of the military force to supply another . Some of the provisions of the bill would tend to defeat 195 its object ; and it was idle , he conceived , to think of procuring 17,000 men by it . In illustrating this-position , the noble earl entered into some detailed considerations of the measure What must Bonaparte think , on seeing us driven to such a shift to procure a disposable force to that amount ? . He deprecated the rejection of his right honourable friend 's idea in another place , of not enlisting the men for life . Adverting to the general Conduct of ministers , he glanced at the recent successes of the enemy in the West Indies He imagined that 40,000. men , as the extent of the militia , was as many as could be kept up on true militia principles , and he considered what fell from the noble secretary as a sort of pledge , that such a number of militia forces were to be . kept up . There were a zeal and spirit in the country , if properly directed , adequate to all its exigencies '' ; and an abundant disposable force was to be obtained , were proper means resorted to . It was impossible not to perceive that the militia officers in general were disgusted with the present measure . A great deal of the military difficulties , which the country at present laboured under , particularly in regard to inlisting men , was to be attributed to the conduct of the late minister , now a member of that house . After the treaty at Amiens , had a different line of conduct been adopted with respect to the Militia , its numbers might easily and cheaply have been completed , and kept up , by means of the numerous discharges from the other branches of the national force . With the noble marquis , he generally and strongly disapproved of the present measure , and censured the policy as weak and dangerous , which , in the present circumstances of this country , went to diminish her defensive force . said , the late administration had found it .expedient to increase the militia to the amount at which it now stood , and had not the act of last session , for gradually reducing the militia , been passed , he should not have consented to the present measure ; that act , however , having passed the only early question was , whether the militia should be reduced ; without the country having the benefit of 17,000 men being added to its disposable force or not . Under these circumstances , he