one or more occasions , he did not think it improbable , but that both he , and those who acted with him , might have opportunities of voting again in support of a motion brought forward by that hon . gent . The present motion , however , was one which neither he nor any of his friends could support . said , that if he could have brought himself to be on the same opinion with the hon . and learned gent . ( the Attorney General ) he would have put an end to the debate long ago . Would it not , he asked , he , more honourable for the noble viscount to be acquitted by his accusers than by his friends , as much as it would be more to the honour of an individual to be acquitted by a jury , the foreman of which was known to be his personal enemy ? The time of the house , he thought , had been very unnecessarily taken up in discussing whether the name of the noble lord should be continued on the list , or no . He was not of the opinion of those who laid it down as a principle not to be deviated from , that a public functionary was by no means to be received into a committee appointed for such a purpose as that proposed . By no means . He would examine what the character of that functionary was . If he found such a person to have been uniformly venal out of office , and corrupt when in it , he could not consider such a man as a fit subject for a committee . He would say a few words in answer to one argument from that noble lord . He was one of those who had been accused of raising a cry against the Union ; true , he had opposed it . Since that great legislative measure took place , and since he came into this country , he saw many reasons to approve of it . He would , with the indulgence of the house , explain , what they were— begged leave to remind the hon . member that the observations upon which he was about to enter could have no possible bearing upon the subject before the house for discussion . gave way , and after a short conversation , during which strangers were excluded , the house proceeded to a division on Mr. Whitbread 's motion for expunging the name of Lord Castlereagh , and inserting that of Mr. Baker in its place.—Ayes 86—Noes 219.—Majority against Mr. Whitbread 's motion 133 . While strangers were excluded , having stated to the house , that he had been a member of the administration in which the abuses described in the Tenth Report are alledged to have taken place ; and having submitted other considerations to the house , why his name should be struck out of the said list , concluded with a motion to that effect ; upon which motion another division took place : —Ayes 80 . Noes 207 . Majority 127.—Adjourned . —Counsel were further heard relative to the Scots ' Appeal , Cathcart , bart . v. the earl of Cassilis . Several private and return bills were brought up from the commons , and were severally read a first time.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages.—Adjourned . —Mr . Grattan was sworn and took his seat for the borough of Malton.—A new writ was ordered for the election of a member for the borough of Helstone , in the room of John Penn , esq . who had accepted the chiltern hundreds.—The Irish Mail Coach Road bill , the Irish Loan bill , and the Irish Dollar bill , were read a second time , and ordered to be committed.—Mr . Baker obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the act of 9 Geo . I. in regulating the duty of parish officers , so far as relates to contracts for lodging , maintaining , and employing the poor.—Mr