deviation from the ordinary practice of the board , and that he had been singled out , as the victim to such a course . He had felt it necessary to advert to this circumstance , because of the impression that might have been made on the house by the statement of the hon . member , and because at the time of making it , the hon . gentleman had held in his hand , as a document , the scurrilous pamphlet that had been published reflecting on him . That it was usual for officers to attend the different boards on such occasions , he proved by reading an extract from a letter of the navy board to captain Sauce , contained in the papers , in which that officer was called on to attend them on the Friday after the date of their letter . In another letter , they called on him to explain why he had provided the Sensible , at Calcutta , with a greater quantity of stores than were allowed for ships of that class ; and in a letter it was stated that such increase had arisen from an alteration of the establishment of that vessel . The fact was , however , that he had never given orders for such alteration , nor had it ever taken place in the establishment of the Sensible . His letter to the navy board would prove that the Sensible had been nearly a wreck in the Red Sea ; and he had given directions to contract for two sets of sails for her , provided , however , that if she foundered at sea , or should not arrive , no expence should accrue to government : as to the establishment of the vessel , he had given orders that such a provision of stores should be made as would fit the vessel for any establishment which the lords of the admiralty should think proper . General Baird , on his , arrival in the Red Sea , had proposed to him a plan , by the desire of the governor-general , for attacking , in the event of the expulsion of the French from Egypt , and the return of the Indian army , either the Mauritius or Batavia . He was not prepared to say , that the force under his command at the time was adequate to such an expedition , but he was anxious to have it in such a state of equipment as to be ready for any service required . As to the an- 640 chor , upon which so much stress had been laid , it now appeared that the whole matter was a mistake of the navy board . He owed it to the curiosity of a brother officer , who hearing so much about this circumstance , had examined the original records at Chatham , and found that the ring and shank of the anchor lost in the Indian sea had been returned to that arsenal , that this mistake was corrected ; his own letters to the navy board on the subject having been among the papers lost . When he had sailed for India , he had a strong westerly breeze , and he found the ship so crazy , so rotten , and so leaky , that he was obliged to put into Portland Roads , and if it had not been for the importance of the service on which he was proceeding , he should not have ventured in her . He then proceeded to the Cape , afterwards to the Red Sea and to Calcutta , where she was near sinking , as would appear from the papers . He trusted that the bad and leaky state in which his vessel was there , would be a satisfactory reason to the house for the repairs she had undergone . From the first moment of his hearing that an unfavourable impression was entertained of his conduct by the admiralty , he had pressed earnestly for a hearing . He had passed , under the imputations that followed , the strongest and