March , and praying leave to express their sincere sorrow for their said offence ; and as longer confinement would be prejudicial to their health , and their private concerns , to intreat the indulgent consideration of the house . The petition having been read by the clerk , was ordered to lie on the cable ; and Mr. Fane gave notice that he should to-morrow move that the sheriffs should be brought up the following day to the bar in order to be discharged.—The Irish Post Road bill was reported ; to be read a third time to-morrow.—The Irish Bank Token , and Irish Promissory Note Bills , were read a third time and passed.—Mr . Huskisson brought up a bill for rendering the last duties on wine permanent ; another for repealing so much of the 34th of the king as exempts slates under 20s . per ton from duty ; and the Spanish Wine Importation bill ; which were severally read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—The Land Tax Commissioners Name bill passed through a committee.—Mr . Dent gave notice of a motion , for an account of the officers who had been promoted during the administration of lord Spencer and lord St. Vincent , in the department of the admiralty.—The committee on the Thames Ballastage bill was discharged , and the bill referred to a select committee.— A new writ was , on the motion of Mr. Grey , ordered for the county of Galway , in the room of lord Dunlo , now earl of Clancarty , an Irish peer.—A select committee was , on the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , appointed to consider of the state of the accounts between the East India company and the public ; and an order made that nine be a quorum . on moving the order of the day for going into a committee of ways and means , acquainted the house , that pursuant to his declaration , when he had the honour to submit to the house the statement of the Irish finances , he now proposed to bring forward his arrangement for an augmentation of the stamp duties . The various heads on which he proposed an increase were as follows : —A considerable addition on tHe stamps on admission of attornies 637 and clerks ; a rise on the indentures of apprentices , in proportion to the fees paid ; a rise on letters of attorney giving power to grant leases ; on letters of attorney to receive rents ; on all leases for a reserved rent above 20l . or on a fine of 100l , proportioned to the amount of the fine of rent ; on probates of wills , the stamps on which would not be so high as in this country ; on legacies ; on almanacks , the stamp-duty on which he proposed to raise from 6d . to 9d . each ; and , lastly , on insurances of property against fire , which in some instances were higher , and in others lower than the duties payable ; and , according to his arrangement , would be made exactly equal , in all instances , to the rate of duty in this country.—The house having resolved itself into the committee , said , he did not mean to make any objection to the resolutions , in this early stage ; but he apprehended , that the stamp duty upon the attorneys ' clerks might operate against the freedom of election , as these persons , after serving their clerkships , were at present possessed of the right of voting for representatives in parliament , upon which it was by no means desirable that there should be any additional restraint . He hoped , therefore , that the duty would be so modified , as not to be productive of the injurious effects he apprehended from it . replied , that he should be very ready to accede to any modifications the hon . bart . may think proper to propose for the purpose of obviating all his