mark of jacobitism ; an equivocal , indeed , and fallacious mark , but the best , and perhaps the only one that can be devised . But then it should be remembered , that as the connexion between popery and jacobitism , which is the sole cause of suspicion , and the sole justification of those severe and jealous laws which have been enacted against the professors of that religion , was accidental in its origin , so probably it will be temporary in its duration ; and that these restrictions ought not to continue one day longer than some visible danger renders them necessary to the preservation of public tranquillity . '' Whatever then may be the opinions of certain members of the establishment , I am happy to have the opportunity of quoting one authority which 847 all who love profound learning , exalted virtue , and sound morals , must respect.—With regard to the time when these restrictions ought to have been removed , if there could be one time more proper than another , it was when the union was carried . To that measure I certainly was hostile , and I have seen nothing since which could induce me to alter my opinion ; but whether that opinion be right or wrong , is nothing to my present argument . The period at which the introduction of this measure would have been most proper , doubtless , was the moment when the expectations of the Roman catholics were raised , when hopes were held out to them , or when they themselves at least conceived that the hour of their emancipation was arrived , and that they were to be placed on an equal footing with their fellow citizens . It has been said , however , that on this subject an argument may be drawn from practice which is sufficient to silence all reasoning . No one is a greater friend to the opposition of practice to theory than I am , when that opposition is justly applied . In the present case it is observed , that when the severe laws existed against the Roman catholics in Ireland , all was tranquillity , even during the rebellions of the years 1715 and 1745 ; but that , after the concessions had been granted , the rebellion of 1798 broke out , in which the Roman catholics joined for the purpose of subverting the monarchy and the constitution . It this argument were true , it would go only to this ; that restrictions are good for keeping mankind in a state of tranquillity ; and , therefore , you ought never to release them from severe laws , never restore them to their rights . This argument goes against every principle of liberty , and is only calculated to support the cruellest tyranny and most degrading slavery . Its present object is to deprive of their rights one-fourth of his majesty 's subjects , and to place them in a state which must greatly embarrass the power and resources of the empire . Surely if there be a malady in our situation , this is it . But were there no circumstances besides the concessions , which rendered the situation of the Irish catholics very different in the year 1798 from what that situation was in the reign of George II ? Is it supposed that the operation of the French revolution had no influence on their minds , as well as on the minds of men in other parts of Europe ? The circumstances of that revolution may fairly be allowed to have tended to make them swerve from their alle- 848 giance , not as catholics , but as subject . Is there not also some allowance to be made for the connexion formed between the Roman catholics and the protestants of the north of Ireland , a people of enlightened minds , powerful from their talents and their industry ? But the people of that part of Ireland , who are well known not to be much attached to the established church , considered the catholics to be like