us all information—we come to the deputy , and he is equally silent—and thus may we go through the whole range , and still no satisfaction is obtained . Wishing , then , that these difficulties should be removed , the commissioners certainly never can express themselves satisfied with the manner in which Wilson eluded their investigations . Thus much have I felt it my duty to say respecting this part of the subject ; and before I sit down , I shall add an observation or two respecting the conduct of the right hon . treasurer of the navy . I do say then , and say it with confidence , that the right hon , gent . did not give our inquiries all those facilities which might have been expected . We did encounter difficulties of a pretty formidable kind , to which the dilatory proceedings of that right hon . gent . did not a little contribute . —I feel myself , sir , so personally alluded to by the hon . baronet , that I trust I shall be excused in rising again . I never stated that the commissioners of naval enquiry were , by means of subsequent information , satisfied with respect to the conduct of Wilson ; what I said was , that the explanation given to me upon the subject would , I was confident , have satisfied the commissioners with respect to the person alluded to . I wish , however , to know whether the commissioners have reported the whole of the statement given in evidence by Mr. Wilson , aye or no ? ( Sir Charles Pole answered yes . ) Mr. Canning was proceeding , when he was interrupted by who begged leave to remind the right hon . gent . that the regular way of conducting business , was to address the chair , instead of that sort of imperious catechising in which the right hon . gent . seemed so desirous to indulge . again proceeded : I ask , sir , of the hon . baronet , whether the commissioners of naval enquiry have reported the whole of the correspondence which took place between them and the treasurer of the navy , aye or no ? ( Sir Charles Pole said , no . ) I know , sir , they have not , and 391 I shall to-morrow move for the whole of that correspondence , or at least such parts of it as are not contained in the report of the commissioners . The commissioners of naval enquiry reported , sir , all the answers made by Wilson . With respect to the correspondence with the treasurer of the navy there is no objection to produce it ; the only reason why the commissioners did not state the whole of it was their desire not to overload the report . conduct , in re-instating Messrs. Bembridge and Powell . He complimented the speaker , whom he considered as the abstract essence of public virtue , on the truly patriotic and constitutional vote which he gave on a former evening . He could by no means approve of the mode proposed by the Attorney-General , to defer the motion until the house should have regained its proper tone of moderation ; it was nothing more than a project of the first law officer of the crown , to get rid of the question entirely . He had serious objections to the conduct of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning , ) who had taken the word of Mr. Wilson against the report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and who , instead of facilitating , as he should have done , the enquiry , had thrown obstacles , altogether unexpected , in the way of the commissioners . maintained his right to put the question with respect to Mr. Wilson , by the information he had : he defended the questions he had put , with respect to himself , by what he knew of his own knowledge . He begged his hon . and learned friend to suspend his