county of Middlesex , in violation of the standing order and regulations of the house , and in defiance of the laws and statutes of the realm for preventing charge and expence in the election of members to serve in parliament ; and that , by the aforesaid and other corrupt and unlawful means , the said sir F. B. obtained an apparent and colourable majority 6 of one vote over the petitioner , in manifest violation of the rights and privileges of the petitioners , and all other the real freeholders of the county of Middlesex , whereas the petitioners alledge , and humbly insist , that the said G. B. M. had a large majority of legal votes at the said election , and ought to have been returned accordingly ; and therefore praying , that the house will take the premises into their consideration , and will grant to the petitioners such relief , and will take such other measures for vindicating the freedom of election , and the franchises of real freeholders , as to the house shall seem meet . `` —Ordered to be taken into consideration on the 9th of April . moved the order of the day , for the house resolving itself into a committee of Ways and Means , He also moved , that several acts relating to the revenue in Ireland should be referred to the said committee ; and that it should be an instruction to the committee to consider of the said acts . The house having resolved itself into the said committee , the right hon . gent . rose and spoke as follows : —Sir , having detained the committee last year at considerable length on the subject of the situation of Ireland , I shall not now have occasion to go so much into detail . I shall begin with a few observations as to the state of the trade of Ireland , and I am happy in saving , that although the trade has not so much advanced as I could have wished , yet it is in a far better situation than it was some time ago . A very short statement will elucidate this position . The imports were to the amount of 5,700,000l . last year . The imports for the 5 years preceding , were , on an average , 5,711,000l . so that in fact , the imports for the last year is rather less than the average of the former 5 years . The exports amounted to 4,980,0001. last year , which is much beyond what they have reached at any period during the last 10 years ; therefore , the question stands thus : there has been no alarming decrease in the imports last year , and the exports exceed the amount of the preceding years . With regard to the exports , there is something extremely consolatory to be remarked . The linen trade has increased : during the three quarters of the last year ending in Oct. the exports were within 2 millions of yards of the exports of the whole of the preceding year ; therefore we may conclude , that the exports of the whole of last year will have greatly exceeded the exports of former years . In the imports of last year , as compared with the preceding year , there is an excess of some 7 of the materials of manufacture ; that excess is on the raw materials only , such as cotton yarn and cotton wool . With regard to the linen trade , the whole of the excess during the 3 quarters of the last year , compared with the 3 quarters of the preceding year , is 3 millions of yards ; the principal part of this increase arises from the exports to the colonies in the West Indies . Here allow me to remark , that if in laying on taxes we do not hinder trade and manufactures , we do well ; and if in taking off taxes we promote trade , we do better . Last year the export tax on the linen