noble barou , some idea should be given as to the nature of the intended motion . Lord Grenville , in reply , observed he had no objection unreservedly to state , that at present , his intention was to move on that day for a committee to take the petition into consideration.— Lord Auckland announced his intention to bring forward some farther propositions , in reference to the pending case of Mr. Justice Fox , and moved , that their lordships be summoned on the occasion , but on what day we were unable to collect . The order for the exclusion of strangers was then enforced , and the door closed for about twenty minutes . In the interval , as we could collect , their lordships were engaged in their judicial capacity , in investigating the circumstances of a case of a personal , and very particular nature , viz . some very gross and flagrant misconduct of the coachman of a noble peer on Monday night last , to one or two of the officers and inferior servants of the house ; two of the marshalmen , and some of the persons alluded to were shortly interrogated upon the subject , and the result was , that proper persons were dispatched to take the delinquent into custody for the purpose of his being brought to the bar of the house . after adverting generally to the nature of this bill , which stood for commitment that evening , said it was a proceeding which , if entered upon according to the order , would materially interfere with the discussion of business of great national importance . The bill , he conceived to be of that nature as urgently to require a speedy discussion . He would therefore move , and to which he hoped no serious objection would be entertained , that the committee on the bill be deferred till Friday , the 26th of April . had no objection to enter upon the discussion of the princi- 192 ple of the bill , at any time it should seem proper to their lordships . He had reason to believe , that he should be able to prove to their lordships , that it was a measure extremely necessary , and unattended with any of the disadvantages which were apprehended as likely to result from it . expressed his opinion that the bill , to which he was favourably inclined , was one of considerable importance . He was aware of the beneficial tendency of a mixed patronage with respect to clerical preferments ; at the same time , he saw no necessity for restraining the universities from their due share in that patronage ; as no body or corporation whatever could , he conceived , exercise an extensive right of patronage more beneficially to the interests of religion , or of learning , and , with respect to the interest of the latter , he conceived that a quick succession to the livings would be advantageous . took occasion to advert to the bill which passed not long since , for ameliorating the condition of the poorer orders of the clergy . The leading provisions of that bill , he understood , were as yet nugatory ; and it was his intention , on a future day , to bring the subject before their lordships . He had several letlers from curates upon the subject ; some of which , without stating names , he intended to communicate to the house . He expected more letters on the subject ; perhaps what he then said would operate in some degree as an advertisement to that body of men to send him more communications of a similar nature . expressed his understanding that some important modifications to the bill were intended . in explanation , observed , that he had consulted those the most competent to advise upon the subject ; and had maturely considered it himself ; and the result was , that the bill was produced in its present form . It may , however , admit of some modifications ; but , in