'' My lords , I entreat your lordships to go into this committee to see whether this be true . If their own declaration is true , and that it is so I most firmly believe , they declare quite the contrary . I hope .on a point of so much importance , your lordships will afford the petitioners some opportunity of proof . The next point , as to excommunication : the noble and learned lord says , `` the authority of the Roman catholic clergy deer their flock is enforced by the most dreadful of all means ; by the power of excommunication , a power very different from that possessed by the established church . '' I appeal to the right reverend bench opposite , whether it be pos- 839 sible that any church can subsist , unless it possess the power of shutting those out of to who break the the church , and act contrary to them.—The noble and learned lord has also stigmatized the Roman catholic clergy of Ireland , `` as an unauthorised hierarchy , lifting themselves up in defiance of the law , and of all constitutional authority . '' He says , that `` reigning uncontroled , their ecclesiastical courts govern the whole people ; that they dissolve marriages for causes not allowed by law—procontract consanguinity , or affinity , in degrees beyond those prescribed by the legislature ; that they license marriages within those , degrees ; that the evidence of marriage is wholly in their power ; and that the legitimacy of children , and the succession to property , is under their control . '' My lords , let the noble and learned lord bring forth his proofs . If he can produce them , sure I am , that every person who hears me will cordially and anxiously join with him in finding the remedy . And if , in the course of your enquiry , you should discover four or five ignorant parish priests who have exceeded the limits of their duty , I will say then also , apply the remedy , go into the committee , and do not impute that to a whole body of men , which proceeds only from a few ignorant individuals . My lords , that such expressions should go forth to the world as proceeding from such a quarter is , in my mind , the greatest evil that can possibly arise from the present discussion . I will venture to say , that if you will turn your attention to the means of rendering the condition of Ireland more conducive to the happiness of the people , instead of vilifying and degrading the hierarchy , you , must begin by respecting that hierarchy , and to make that useful and respectable class of men respected by those over whom they are to exercise their authority , you must secure to it an influence over those whom by law yon can not change , but to whom they will look , as their spiritual directors . Those who endeavour to effect this are practically the greatest benefactors to the empire , of which Ireland now forms so essential a part.—To the rest of the noble and learned lord 's speech , I must decline offering any reply . Sorry I am to have heard that speech in this house ; but more sorry , that it should go out to the world , that a person holding such opinions still continues in a situation of such great importance to the peace and tranquillity of the united empire ! The noble and learned lord has also said , and , in which sentiment I perfectly agree with him , 840 that if the claims of this petition are granted something further must also be done . I was told on a former night , that I had left something unexplained ; that there was something more in my mind than what is expressed in the prayer of the petition . My lords , there is something more in my mind . I was not so weak as to suppose