and above all , he should be careful not to diminish that spirit and pride which was the most beneficial characteristic of the militia , and the greatest advantage the country derived from those who devoted their attention to this valuable branch of the public force . He concluded with moving for leave to bring in a Bill for allowing h certain proportion of the Militia of G. Britain , voluntarily to enlist into his majesty 's regular forces . before he expressed his sentiments on the subject , wished to enquire of the right hon . gent . whether any order had as yet been given by government to facilitate the receiving men as volunteers from the Militia into the regular army . in reply , stated , that he had no reason to think that any such proceeding had taken place.— Orders might , indeed , have been sent to dispatch recruiting parties to receive such volunteers as presented themselves . resumed by arguing that this very proposition before the house was the best possible proof of the inefficiency of that Defence bill of the right hon . gent . the repeal of which he had so vehemently opposed , Formerly the militia were only to undergo a gradual reduction , and the right hon . gent . seemed to count days and months for the accomplishment of what his bill was to effect for the recruiting of the regular army . Now , however , these expectations were shown to be completely fallacious , and , therefore , to remedy this defect , the militia were not by slow gradations , but by one blow to be reduced to the number of 40,000 . This , he maintained , was grossly unjust , and totally contrary to that principle of the abolition of the ballot which the right hon . gent . held out as the grand recommendation of his bill . Here , however , the militia being reduced to 40,000 , to which number it was to be kept up , the ballot , as soon as ever any vacancies occurred , must come again into operation . Hardly 24 hours might elapse before the odious exploded system of ballot would be required to keep up the militia to its full complement . The right hon . gent . had 77 rested a great deal on the general conviction entertained of the necessity of a disposable force . He , for one , would be the last man to deny the existence of this necessity , but he did not on that account feel himself called on to admit this disposable force was to be obtained in the way now proposed . The right hon . gent . had said that never was there a moment when the ardour of the militia to volunteer into the regular army was more conspicuous . On this subject he had a few observations to submit to the house , but he would first of all refer to the pledges which the militia officers had at different times received on the subject of any future reduction . Under the former administration of the right hon . gent . a solemn pledge was given that the idea of reducing the militia , world not be again recurred to . He knew that it would not be regular in him to allude to what had passed in the other house of parliament . He might be permitted , however , to state it as a matter of history , that a noble lord ( Sidmouth ) in another place , who was then in administration , on moving for extending the militia to its present amount , did also give a solemn pledge that the system of the militia , should not henceforth be attacked . These two governments were now united , and he would not take upon himself to determine how much they coincided in opinion . He was much inclined to think that they agreed in nothing so completely , as in mutually forgetting their pledges to the militia officers . He had already referred to an observation