and let us too , with equal manliness , and wisdom , declare our determination this night , by such a clear and conclusive majority as shall put the matter to rest , and discourage all future attempts to disturb the disturb the public repose , and endanger the national security . —Sir , having long been acquainted with the great abilities of 1007 the right hon . gentleman who has just sat down , I might , perhaps , despair of encountering him successfully , if I had not previously received the the assistance of one who is altogether as able as the right hon . gent . and whom I shall always highly respect—it is the fight hon . gent . himself : for I think I can clearly show that one half of the right hon . gentleman 's speech has incontrovertibly answered the other . He has told us of the victories of lord Nelson and lord Hutchinson in Egypt , gained by the efforts and assistance of Irishmen , from which he draws a conclusive proof of the loyalty of the lower orders of the catholics ; and being also convinced of the loyalty of the higher orders of that body , he is determined to reward it , by—refusing the prayer of their petition . He has also informed us what is the protestant constitution—that it is a protestant king , protestant lords , and protestant commons—and has most emphatically and feelingly pointed out to us the danger of a protestant king surrounded by catholic counsellors . But pray , sir , who is to effect that ? The answer is obvious . This very protestant king himself . It is his Majesty , who , of his own free will , is to choose those counsellors , who are to introduce the paramount authority of the pope ! Why , sir ; if his Majesty Should unfortunately be surrounded by counsellors of such a description , and they should endeavour to intrigue for such a purpose , would it not be the very first act of his Majesty to dismiss from his counsels such wicked advisers ? —The right hon . gent . seems to be , in fear for the safety of the Hanoverian succession . Who , sir , is to compel any prince of the house of Hanover to surround himself with catholic advisers and a catholic council ? It must be himself alone who can do this—and if ever a prince could be found , who would so far attempt to destroy the high trust reposed in him , by choosing advisers who should endeavour to subvert the constitution , or to change the nature of the government in church and state , I believe there can be no doubt but in this house there would be found many who would take a pride in moving to punish such advisers , The right hon . gent . says , that if you grant the prayer of this petition , they will not be contented ; in proof of which he adduces the various concessions heretofore made to the catholics ; he says , the assertion made by an honourable gentleman , 'that it was little for us to grant , but much with for them to receive , ' ought to be inverted ; and he tells us also , that it we give them all 1008 we have , which is now but little , with that little they will overturn the constitution and the government in church and state . the right hon . gent . tells us , that if fifty or sixty catholics obtain seats in parliament , there will be much danger . In what that danger is to consist I am at a loss to discover . But how are these fifty or sixty to obtain seats in parliament ? What is to become of the protestant gentry ? What is to become of then tenantry ? Who are the persons that are to return those catholics ? The fear of it is most futile ; for my own part , I really