? The proceedings of the commissioners in 1782 have been referred to , but they have nothing to do with the present business . The question is , whether the act of 1785 has been violated ? The conduct of the commissioners in 1782 , he would venture to say , did not sanction the conduct of Mr. Trotter . Their recommendation was , that none of these public officers should have public money in their hands , or be exposed to the temptation of private gain , that might end in public loss . I can not conceive why we should postpone the resolutions . Can you obtain evidence from a committee , that the law has not been violated ? This is the first instance of an application to parliament in a grave business for delay , without stating any grounds . If you have any ground , why not state it ? I think the gentlemen are not aware of the consequences of delay , if any is to take place . In such event , I think bills ought to be bought in to restrain lord Melville and Mr. Trotter from leaving the country . The proceedings of a committee will occupy a great length of time . What is to become of lord Melville and Mr. Trotter in the mean while ? If it shall appear that the sums have been great , it will not be fit that they should be allowed to walk the streets at large , and be at liberty to convey in trust to their friends those funds from which restitution ought to be made to the country . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) will therefore find it due to his character to follow the case of Sir Thomas Rumbold , and take care that any funds they now possess shall be forthcoming to satisfy the public demands . And now , sir , let me tell you , there never was a moment in the history of the country where the character of the government was so essential to its welfare and security . By a measure , of which I own I did not approve , this house has received an addition of 100 members from Ireland . I own , sir , I am anxious that they should give this night a proof of their spirit and purity . Public rumour stated that at the time of the union many were induced by large sums to part with their legislature too easily , and their integrity was not free from doubt and suspicion . They have now an opportunity of throwing from them that imputation . I should be deeply afflicted if that measure 308 were only to give the minister an increase of influence , and not of purity and virtue . I should be ashamed to walk the streets of London , if it were the general opinion that the members from Ireland were not as clear of corruption as the members of this country , and that there was any virtue in the one from which the other was shut out . Sorry should I be were the two representations to meet like two running sores , wasting the strength and vigour of the body by their confluent corruption . This is the first opportunity they have had of giving a proof of the virtue and integrity of my countrymen , and I hope they will not lose it . You are now engaged in a war alone , without an ally , with a great nation , led by the most extraordinary man the world has ever produced . You have imposed heavy taxes upon the people . This session you have followed the poor man 's last luxury into his cottage ; you have taxed his salt . Will it not then be wise to shew , that if you call upon him to make great sacrifices , you will take care that they shall be administered with integrity and economy ? Is it not incumbent upon you to shew , that no rank , no power