possess every benefit of civil liberty as fully as any other subjects . What , then , is the object , of their petition ? Political power only : —this is all that remains for you to give , or for them to demand , and every gentleman who has supported the petition acknowledges it ( a cry of hear ! hear ! ) I am , glad to see the subject is now 1000 brought to the true point . The grant of political power is the avowed object for us to discuss ; of every thing else they are in complete possession ( a cry of no , no , from the opposition benches ) . If I am thought in error , or to have made too strong an assertion , I can go through the whole catalogue of civil rights , and every article of restraint which the laws did impose , and shew that the catholic is fully and completely free ; but I see there is no occasion.—Political power is then the sole demand , and what are the inducements held out to us for granting it ? The gentlemen tell you it will conciliate Ireland ; that it will incorporate four-fifths of the people there , and one-fifth of all your population , at this perilous moment , when you have an enemy to contend with consisting of thirty-six millions of people , and you have only fifteen millions to oppose to him ; that , by not granting this petition , you deprive yourselves of one-fifth of your national vigour , and of your physical strength . Such are the arguments of the hon . mover , and of the other hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) who spoke yesterday on the same side ; and that four-fifths of the Irish nation were thus rendered of no use to the empire . But how do their arguments support them ? They forget that , almost in the same breath , when they wish to prove the safety of the measure , they tell you , and tell you truly , how much the empire is indebted to the Irish ; that the Irish composed a great and illustrious part of that gallant army which conquered Egypt ; that they supply a large proportion of the British fleet with sailors ; and that to their courage and to their ardour , lord Nelson was indebted for his glorious victory at the Nile . They tell you too , that half your armies in every war , half the militia , and a large portion of the Irish yeomanry which overpowered the late rebellion , and saved Ireland to the empire , were catholics of Ireland . I agree with them in the whole to the honour of my countrymen : and what follows ? That we have now , of their own spewing , the full physical force , the full national vigour , which they inconsistently bid us acquire by this unnecessary measure ; and I will add more , that if the armies want increase , if the navy requires additional hands , this measure will not add one argument to the recruit , and Irishmen will come forward with the same ardour , and with the same alacrity , which has distinguished the character of their country for its love of military glory , whether you grant the petition or 1001 not.—But if conciliation is to follow , we ought to know whom we are bid to conciliate : is it the lower and middling ranks of the catholic people ? I will assert , in presence of the many gentlemen from Ireland , who can contradict me if I am wrong , that the mass of that people there do not know what this claim means . Ask them what catholic emancipation is , and so totally ignorant are they about it , that some say it is an exemption from tithes ; others , it is to lower rents ; others , that it will save taxes . In short , all who have heard of