complaint and indignation ; then the vulgar assertion may with great apparent plausibility be employed ; we may with truth be accused of seeking only emolument as our sole object , in place of the good of our country . No longer can we he considered as statesmen animated by a laudable spirit of ambition—that ambition implanted in our nature to incite us to high deeds . We must then be considered as acting only from the base , sordid motives which degrade the character of the statesman , and render him contemptible in the eves of his fellow citizens . Feeling these truths severely , I do trust that the house will accede to those propositions which it is my intention to found on the facts which the tenth report has disclosed . This report involves a considerable number of individuals . It is not only Lord Melville and Mr. Trotter , his pay-master , that are involved , but we have Mr. Wilson and Mr. Mark Sprott , who cut on inconsiderable figure in the scene . We have also brought before us the high and 258 respectable company of the bank of England . If I am not also misinformed , the report to a certain degree involves the character of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) on the other side of the house . With respect to what is said in the report about the Bank of England , I am not satisfied that the conduct of the governors in allowing the money , the public money , to be withdrawn in the way in which it has been , was correct . On the contrary , it has every appearance of being in direct opposition to the express regulations of an act of parliament . The evidence of the , officer of the Bank , who was examined before the commissioners , does not fully do away this impression . With respect to what I alluded to respecting the right hon . gentleman opposite , I shall explain my meaning in a few words . I have been informed that the right hon . gentleman , several years ago , when he last held the same situation which he now enjoys , was informed of the existence of the practice of withdrawing the public money contrary to an express act of parliament , and that no steps whatever were taken to put an end to it . If this statement be correct , the right hon . gent . will permit me to say , that his conduct betrayed very culpable negligence , and a very unjustifiable connivance at a practice which every man who values the proper regulation of the public expenditure must consider as highly dangerous . In bringing forward a charge against lord Melville , I do not bring a charge against a mere unprotected individual . During the greater part of his life he has enjoyed an ample share of the public rewards , and public honours . For a period of thirty years he has been in the uninterrupted possession of some lucrative office , and he has at the same time exercised a most extensive influence . He has , no doubt , many friends attached to him by the consciousness of obligation , and though he is not now present to hear the charge preferred against him , he has many friends in this house who will be happy in the opportunity of undertaking his defence . Thinking , then , that I take no unfair advantage of him , I proceed to that charge which his friends will be fully able to explain to him in another place . In conducting this business , it will be my object strictly to adhere to that moderation which is the most adapted for the investigation of truth , but , at the same time , with that firmness and perseverance which my duty 259 to the public imposes on me . In the case which I have to lay before the house , there are some circumstances of aggravation which will render it necessary for me