flagrant proceedings as had seldom , if ever , been heard of , and which he was not at all surprized the noble lord should be anxious to keep in the back ground . The country , he asserted , was in perfect peace at the time . The king 's commission was , in the county of Wexford , to deliver the gaols . Was there any reason , then , for a military court martial to call them out ? The hon . member then adverted , at some length , to the evidence given by general Craddock before the Irish commons , whose answers to questions that he himself had put to him , he begged leave to recall to the memory of the noble lord , and which clearly shewed the irregularity of the proceedings of the court martial . His object in obtruding this motion on the house was , he thought , a very laudable one . Should it appear that there was no evidence sufficient to warrant the proceedings that had been taken against Mr. Grogan , his relations at least ought to have redress . observed , that the ground of the noble lord 's objection did not appear to him to be at all admissible . He had said there was no evidence to be produced . Whatever might have been the case in Ireland , such he was certain was not the case in this country , for if no evidence could be afterwards produced , attainders would be irreversible ; but the noble lord was too well acquainted with the history of this country to be reminded that many instances had occurred of attainders being reversed . If what he had heard on this subject were true , there could be no doubt that that Act ought to be reversed ; but that was not the question , till the evidence should be in due form before them . Severe in general were the times when acts of attainder were resorted to , but to render them irreversible by refusing a revisal , would be to aggravate that severity . said , that nothing could be further from his wishes than to prevent parliament from receiving every 170 possible information upon the subject ; and the only reason that induced him to move the order of the day was , that the hon . gent . had not stated what his object was in calling for this evidence , or what parliamentary proceeding he meant to ground upon it . The hon . gent . had now stated his object to be that of reversing the bill of attainder against Mr. Grogan , which certainly was a fair parliamentary ground for calling for the document in question ; and therefore he would , with the leave of the house , Withdraw his motion . said , that the family of Mr. Grogan had been in very , extraordinary , and , indeed , most unfortunate circumstances . The very next brother to Mr. Grogan , and who would have been his immediate heir had he survived him , fell honourably , loyally , and gloriously , fighting the battles of his country . The other brother fought with the most determined bravery , till driven out of Wexford by the rebels , who were greatly superior in numbers , before the main body of the army arrived , and therefore , under all these circumstances , added to a doubt whether Mr. Grogan himself had not been forced to fight on the side of the rebels , he thought the justice of the house would incline them to agree to the motion . said , he was in Wexford at the time of the court martial upon Mr. Grogan , and he begged leave to state , that the officers who formed the court were the principal men of rank and , character in the army , and every attention had been paid in the careful examination of the witnesses . After the sentence was passed , he was , told by many persons of the town , that