. bart . said , he would leave those who rested so much on the presumed restrictions which appeared to them to grow out of the coronation oath , to form their own estimate how far these gracious acts were reconcilable to their interpretation of it , or whether his majesty was not at liberty thus to gratify the expectations of that description of his subjects , without trenching on the principles of the constitution . As the house was so impatient for the question , he would say no more . rose in the midst of much clamour for the question . He said he could not have believed that in a question , wherein the vital interests of Ireland , one in which even her existence might be at stake , that the gentlemen of this country would have shewn so much impatience . He hoped it would turn out to be true as gentlemen asserted , that this was no party question— that public good , and public good alone , was the motive . He could not forbear however to augur ill of the proceeding , when he recollected the manner in which 1038 the business was opened by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) . Why bring in lord Melville upon this occasion ? What had lord Melville to do with this debate ? In truth , it led him to fear , that when the house divided , we might , peradventure , see the very same gentlemen walk out in a body who had uniformly voted against the Defence Bill and every other proposition of the present administration— The noble lord spoke in harsh terms against the measure , as calculated to injure our highest interests , and asserted that the petition could not now , nor at any other time be entertained , without manifest danger to the constitution both in church and state— At so late an hour , and after such an ample discussion , he should study to compress the little he had to say in the smallest possible compass . He would not at this moment , enter into the precise merits of the dispute , how far in prudence , of in policy , these claims could be allowed ; all he should contend for was , that it made a radical change in the constitution . And such gentlemen who were not satisfied with the constitution we have , would do well to vote for the petition . Are gentlemen prepared , he asked , if they are , let them avow it , to thrown down by one rash resolve the main pillar and support of the first principles of the reformation , purchased by the blood , and confirmed by the virtues , of our ancestors ? And are they decidedly ready , to try an experiment , which may cost no less perhaps , than their very existence— This however , he did not wish to press ; all he asked , and all he wanted , was decision . Leave not that ill-fated country , said the noble lord , in suspense , groaning between these difficulties . Leave not this question suspended over their heads like a rod of iron , as a scourge for sins which they may not have committed . The difficulty , he admitted , was evidently great . Give the catholics what they ask , and you will not satisfy the protestants . Refuse the catholics what they desire , and as it has been repeatedly asserted , you drive that body to desperation . Whichever way you opine , universal satisfaction was impossible . The difficulties are transcendant ; but there is no course so bad as that , which , he feared , the house seemed disposed to take that night ; namely , a determination to do nothing at all , for he did in his conscience believe , that so long as that question should be kept afloat , there would be no tranquility , no peace in Ireland He was happy , however , that the question had