their authority on a subject of such vast importance at utter defiance ? Yet all these difficulties had been overcome by the indefatigable zeal , diligence and fortitude of the commissioners . The house would keep in view that , with respect to the distribution of the public money , three great duties were to be performed . In the first instance , the house had to grant supplies adequate to the exigencies of the public services , founded on proper estimates laid regularly before them by the express command of his majesty . The ways and means to provide this supply were next to be considered ; and it was the object of the house to lay the burthens on the people at large in a manner which would operate with as little severity as possible . The third duty of the house was one , however , still more important , and one without which the other two would be in a great measure nugatory 566 and inefficient , and this was the mode in which the votes of the house were to be applied . The two first of these duties could only be exercised by the house itself : but it was frequently the custom of the house to delegate the other to commissioners ; and certainly if such commissioners were appointed , it became a matter of the highest interest to see that they were implicitly obeyed . If the , house delegated to certain individuals the most important of its powers , it was proper that these individuals should be sensible that they were to meet with ample encouragement and support . Without confidence , their labours for the discovery or the correction of abuses could never produce any satisfactory result . At this moment , there was a notice of the renewal of the commissioners of naval inquiry , and it was therefore proper that it should be fully understood in what light their conduct was regarded by those who had such means of giving their conduct and inquiries full efficiency . It was not sufficient to say that their conduct was , on the whole , worthy of approbation ; or , that there was more to praise than to blame in their exertions for the discovery and correction of abuses . The commissioners were professedly selected out of the talents , the respectability , and the worth of the country , and it ought , therefore , to be fairly understood , whether their conduct was not admitted to be such as to entitle them to unequivocal approbation and confidence . If this was not allowed by those who were to bring forward the proposition for the renewal of the commission , then he himself must insist , that though the commission was renewed , other commissioners ought to be appointed . It was ridiculous to say , that if they were unfit , other gentlemen fully qualified for the task could not be procured . The right hon . gent . was bound to state his opinion fairly to the house , for he himself was resolved that the re-appointment of the commissioners should take place under no compromise.—Having said this , he wished briefly to direct the attention of the house to what the commissioners had done , to what remained for them to do , and then it would be seen whether they ought to be reappointed . The attention of the house had been so much attracted to the tenth report , that the other reports of the commissioners had been passed over with comparatively . small notice . In the other reports , it was true that nothing of so high game was disclosed , but many gross frauds had been brought to light , many important improve- 567 merits had been recommended . In all of them the ability , the diligence , the unconquerable fortitude of the commissioners had been , eminently conspicuous . It would not be necessary for him to go into any detail , but it was proper just to give a sketch of what each of the reports contained .