leading clause , granting , in the fullest extent , every point which is in the utmost contemplation of the present petitioners to this house : — '' The public offices and honours , whether , high or low , great , or small , shall , be given to natural-born Hungarians , who have deserved well of their country , and posseses the other requisite qualifications , without any respect to their religion . '' This , sir , was the policy pursued in an Hungarian diet , consisting of nearly 400 members , in a state whose form of government approaches more nearly , to our own than almost any other in Europe , with a Roman catholic establishment of great opulence ; adopted , too , at a period when it was to be subjected to the severest trial as to its social and political effects . It has passed that fiery ordeal : it has undergone a trial of fourteen revolutionary years , equal , in fact , to the trial of a century less disturbed and agitated : and what have been its effects ? When the French advanced in their course like a torrent , within a few days march of Vienna , the Hungarians , before so divided , and so disaffected to each other , rose en masse , as it is termed , `` in the sacred insurrection , '' to preserve their sovereign , their rights and liberties : and the apprehension of their approach dictated to the reluctant Buonaparté the immediate signature of the treaty of Leoben . Such , sir , have been the effects of such a measure in Hungary . The Romish hierarchy in Hungary exist in all its former splendour and opulence . Never has an attempt been made diminish it : and there , almost alone in civilized Europe , at least in that quarter of it , have revolutionary principles failed of making the smallest successful inroad . Does this case , or does it not , as I have stated , bear directly on the case of the catholics of Iresand ? Has a 1027 Roman catholic potentate , not the least attached to his religion in Europe , set you such an example , and given you decided proof of its great and happy effects , by such a trial ? And do you , a protestant legislature , fear to submit your religion to a similar test ? Will you eternally keep up the wall of proscription , when they have thrown it down ? This , sir , affords a direct refutation of the assertion made in the petition from the city of Dublin , ( see p. 218 ) which states that the Roman catholics are at present placed upon a footing of political power not enjoyed by any other dissenters from the established religion in any other state of Europe . Convinced as I am , sir , of the wisdom and sound policy of acceding to this petition , I shall give my most cordial assent to the motion of the hon . member who so ably introduced this debate . ( Knight of Kerry ) protested that the conviction upon his mind upon the present question was , that if the decision was not certain , he would anticipate the most fatal and dangerous consequences arising from it . One point only he wished to direct the attention of the house to . He had uniformly supported this measure , while he had the honour to sit in the Irish house of commons , and gave his vote for the union of the two Countries , with the conviction on his mind , that the present measure would immediately follow . His only hope at present was , and he implored the house most earnestly , that if they should refuse to go into a committee upon the petition , the gentlemen Of this country particularly would obliterate from their minds the gross and scandalous calumnies which had been thrown out against the Catholics of Ireland , and which would only be Cast back with