disaffection among the catholics , it is among the lowest orders ; and your remedy is , to exclude those persons from that share of respect which you could give them . I should think that sound policy ought to be the reverse . If you confide in the higher orders , you ought to give them power and consideration ; and if , you are obliged to impose restraints , impose them on those whose dispositions you distrust . Does any man believe that there would be less practical advantages from not excluding three or four peers , of whom we may state that we do not distrust their loyalty , but also that they have given as signal proofs as any men in his majesty 's dominion , of their zeal and good conduct ? If they came into this house , do you believe they would persuade you to abolish the hierarchy of this country ? Would you be afraid of their influence going into the house of commons ? Few can be so ignorant as not to perceive what little benefit the cause of the Catholics would derive there . Supposing even 50 catholics obtain seats in the house of commons , could they persuade them to overturn the protestant government ? The same sort of observations were urged at the time of the union between Scotland and England . There were not wanting persons who told you , that by admitting the Scotch members you would overturn the hierarchy of the church of England . You have had for a century sixteen peers , and forty-five commoners in the house of commons , and I ask your lordships , not whether they have overturned the church of England , nor whether they have overturned the monarchy , but whether you can point out a single instance of a Scotch peer or commoner , who ever dreamt of such a thing as Putting the church of Scotland , so adverse to bishops , in place of the episcopalian establishment of the English church ? Surely , then , we ought not , on such grounds , to adopt a measure tending to throw so humiliating a stigma on a respectable class of subjects . I have seen every one of the offices of government filled by persons who may be presumed to have had a presbyterian education . I have seen your predecessor on the woolsack , the chief justice of the king 's bench and common 670 pleas , the chief baron of the exchequer , a master of the rolls , the president of the council , besides generals and admirals , all of whom have been presbyterians , and yet have filled their offices with advantage to the country . I have seen every one of these offices , so filled , and yet I have never observed , on the part of the persons filling hem , the least disposition to change the form of the existing government . It has been said in this house that the consequence of entertaining the petition of the catholics would be , that you would have a protestant king in England , and a popish judge in Ireland . It has also been said , that , admitting it to be true that the catholics can not overturn the established government , why are they so pertinaciously desirous of obtaining offices of public trust and confidence ? I answer , that it is , because there is no proposition of more force than this ; that although between individual and individual , the argument does not apply , yet between nation and nation , or between a nation and an individual , it is not true that what the one gains , the other loses . It is not true , with reference to this question , that what the subject gains , the government loses . Though the thing granted is of no value to you , it is of infinite advantage to those on whom it is bestowed . It is worth nothing to you to keep , but it is of the