'' with foreign courts , but effect was yet produced from it , nor did he hear of a single movement in our favour . He denied that it was 120 the wish or disposition of the militia soldiers to volunteer in the regulars , or to part from the officers who now commanded them . His lordship concluded by saying that he spoke under the protection of that principle Which sanctioned every man in advancing what he thought was the good of his country , and particularly at a time when its councils stood so much in need of uncommon integrity and equity . rose to make some remarks on what had fallen from a former secretary at war ( Mr. Yorke ) , and on the inconsistency of his conduct , in the part he had taken in the present measure . He did not know how to reconcile the conduct of the right hon . gent . in approving of the present measure for the reduction of the militia , after having himself introduced a bill for augmenting that constitutional species of the national force . The noble lord defended himself , and those who opposed the present measure , from the , observations of the right hon . gent . that if what he called a broad-bottomed administration had been formed , those who voted against the present bill would have given their ready concurrence to the measure now proposed . He then entered at considerable length into a discussion of the consequences of this bill , which he characterized as unconstitutional and unjust . Be said , it was an attempt to increase the regular army , without ascertaining the expence . It seemed to be the object of the right . hon . gent . to create a large force , without being much concerned about the means he made use of to accomplish it . approved of the measure . The principle was that of the bill for the gradual reduction of the militia . He was one who thought that reduction necessary when proposed last session by his right hon . friend ( M r. Pitt ) ; for he felt then , and did still feel , that there were not sufficient officers for the militia , as it stood at the increased number of 68,000 . He was a militia officer himself , and should do every thing in his power to forward the objects of the measure before the house . observed that he had been anxious to hear the sentiments of such gentlemen as chose to come forward on this occasion before he troubled the house with any remarks of his own . He was happy to have the concurrence of his noble friend who had just sat 121 down , whose attachment to the militia was well known . This approbation removed part of the regret which he had felt , because he was obliged to differ so materially from many gentlemen connected with the militia . The arguments which he heard from the other side this night were much the same as those which had been urged on a former occasion , and therefore he should not think it necessary to trouble the house at any great length . One observation he had heard with considerable surprise , and that was , that no ground had been laid for such a measure as this . The gentlemen seemed to have forgot the whole of the discussions that had taken place during this session on the state of the Army . They said that he , and those who agreed with him , had asserted , that there was no want of any increase for the army . He was in the hearing of the house , and appealed to it whether such a thing had ever been said . It had been said , certainly , that there were sufficient reasons for continuing the operations of the Defence bill for some time longer , but it had never been asserted that its efficacy was so much to be depended upon , that nothing else would be