that part of the subject which would come under the cognizance of a court of justice . From the disposition the hon . gent . seemed to be in the last night this subject was before the house , he did not think he could have any objection to such an arrangement . claimed every idea of being implicated in any charges adduced by the tenth report , and challenged any gentleman to point out a single passage in the report that implicated him in any respect . admitted that there was no passage , to be sure , that directly implicated right hon . gent . ; but the article relative to the money for secret service , though it did not mention him by name , would certainly lead to a decision how far that right hon . gent . was involved . was of opinion that it would be impossible to carry on the two enquiries together ; and to give up the question entirely to the attorney-general , was giving up too much . There was presumptive evidence , he thought , for concluding that lord Melville had participated in the emoluments diverted from the public service , and had therefore been of opinion at one time that it would be better to refer this part of the business to the attorney-general , and to appoint a committee to go on with the other objects of enquiry . Should the house , however , be of opinion that the whole business should be referred to the committee previously to any legal enquiry , he would willingly accede to it . declared it to be the practice of the house of commons , that Whenever any point was determined by them to be referred to a court of law , all further enquiry and investigation ceased 409 in the house . In that case a partial enquiry might take place , to ascertain whether or not it was proper to prosecute , but no further . Should the house choose the other alternative , they must abandon a civil process . The prosecution could not then be carried on to recover the public money , but the enquiry might be pursued for the purpose of inflicting punishment on those who had embezzled it . saw nothing improper in uniting the enquiry by a committee with the prosecution by law , and cited several precedents in support of his opinion . observed , that in those precedents the matter investigated had always gone in the first instance before the committee , and had never been primarily discussed in the house . said , that the object of the present investigation was two-fold . In the first place , to ascertain from an examination of various parts of the report , the practicability of recovering the public money , and then to discover whether there were not grounds sufficiently strong to authorise an impeachment . If the house were under the necessity of relinquishing one of these points , he should certainly prefer abandoning the former . He entreated the house to consider whether the public would be satisfied with a civil suit if there were grounds sufficient for an impeachment . He saw no objection to appointing a committee with extensive powers , which powers might be diminished by the house , should they afterwards deem a prosecution necessary . was against submitting the business to the attorney general , as he did not think that was the most likely way of obtaining the object which the house had in view . Suppose the house should order the attorney general to file an information against those persons for money which had come into their hands , they might again refuse to give any answer , on the ground that they might possibly criminate themselves , and expose themselves to pains and penalties . The attorney general , who had exprest his opinion to-night that it was legal to refuse answering those questions , might possibly think it his duty not to resist such a defence . Besides that , it was not so clear that the courts of