, were digested . Neither catholic representation , nor the capacity to fill the great offices of the state were objects alluded to , though Tone , who was one of the conspirators at that meeting , was an accredited agent of the Roman catholics : nor was the establishment of the pope 's supremacy , though Dr , Troy 's pastoral letter had been published before that time . In December 1794 , an address to a nobleman who speedily afterwards was sworn in chief governor of Ireland was signed by several Roman catholics , and amongst others by Sweetman , M'Nevin , and M'Cormuck , desiring in substance the repeal of all laws which restrained Roman catholics from the possession of power ; thus laying aside the limited claims contained in Byrne 's letters of summons in the resolutions of the convention in 1792 , and in the Roman catholic petition of the same year , and claiming equality in every respect with the protestants . In April 1795 , the convention passed its resolution in favour of Tone : Lewins and M'Nevin were at that time members of it . The speeches in the convention ( as communicated to the public ) breathed separation of Ireland from Great Britain . At that period those rebels , who had taken the lead in the Convention , marked its proceedings as embracing real objects of the plan which had been formed for the destruction of the monarchy ; however , this observation does not include the Roman catholics in general , nor indeed all of the delegates . Between June 1795 and January 1796 a traiterous correspondence was carried on between the society of united Irishmen and the executive directory of France , to procure an invasion of Ireland ; and upon the 21st of December 1796 the invasion , was attempted by Hocho . On the 12th of May 1797 a report was made by the secret committee of the house of lords of Ireland , which states , that `` parliamentary reform and Roman catholic emancipation Were held out by the united Irishmen as a pretence , and to seduce persons not apprised of their intentions . '' Upon the 23d of May 1798 , the first rebellion broke out ; neither the proclamation which had been prepared by the Sheares 's to be issued upon the breaking out of the rebellion , nor the other transactions preceding or accompany- 760 ing that event , point out the want of Roman catholic representation , or of the right to hold every species of office as grievances which the rebellion was calculated to redress . Thus at the first formation of the plan of rebellion , the Roman catholics had not made the claims which are now brought forward , and at the final execution of that plan the Roman catholic claims were not in the contemplation of the conspirators ; the intermediate steps they were used merely as pretexts . In the month of August 1798 , a report of the committee of the house of lords of Ireland stated , that M'Nevin on his examination said , `` It was not intended to have any religious establishment , and that the mass of the people in Leinster Munster , and Connaught did not care for reform or catholic representation . '' Those were the principal Roman catholic provinces . On the 23d of July 1803 the last rebellion broke out ; it was formed on the same principles as the former rebellion.—Adverting to the before-mentioned chain of facts , and to the several reports made by the committees of the houses of parliament in Ireland in 1793 , 1797 , and 1798 , it appears , that the real objects which the two rebellions sought to attain , were the annihilation of tithes ; the lowering of rents ; an equal distribution of property ; the levelling all the ranks and orders of the state ; separation of Ireland from England ; the destruction of the monarchy ; and the establishment of a democracy on the principles of the late French republic . The Roman catholic