Country . During the discussion of the question , many persons of the best intentions , who had before opposed the claims of the catholics , declared that , after the adoption of that measure , they could see no objection to the repeal of every remaining disability . I therefore entertained a sanguine hope that tardy justice would at length have been rendered to this numerous and deserving body of men , and that the adoption of the catholic body would have consummated and confirmed the union . If , on the contrary , you are only corrupted by our example , and adopt the same prejudices which have so long agitated and distracted Ireland , the union will be no relief to her misfortunes : it may be an union by act of parliament , but it is not an union of interests and affections ; it is a settlement which has given dissatisfaction to great bodies of men , without having hitherto afforded contentment to any . The noble lord concluded by reading several extracts from lord Redesdale 's speech of the night before ; he contradicted many of the assertions of that noble lord , and called upon the Irish peers to rise in their places and vindicate the Irish nation from aspersions highly injurious to their honour , and which tended to degrade that country from the rank of civilized nations . felt himself so peculiarly called upon , in consequence of some observations which had been made by the noble lord , that he trusted their lordships would indulge him with a hearing for a few moments . He was not induced by what had fallen from the noble lord to retract an assertion which he had made on the former evening of debate . He asserted , in confirmation of what he then stated , that , from the prejudices of the catholics in Ireland , it was extremely difficult to put protestant children out to service . ( A cry of no ! no ! ) He knew the fact , he said , from his official situation in Ireland , where being a trustee for several charitable institutions he knew that the greatest embarrassment arose from the extreme difficulty Which existed of putting out protestant children from those institutions to service . It was also equally true that the greatest prejudice existed in catholic families against protestant servants , and that every means were used to render their situation uncomfortable ( A cry of no ! no ! from some noble lords , and of order ! from others . ) He was not , he said , to be driven from any 772 of his assertions by any contradiction of that nature ; he repeated that his assertions were correct , and referred in still further support of them to Mr. M'Kenna 's pamphlet , an authority which he did not think would be disputed . On the former evening he had likewise referred to the catholic hierarchy of Ireland , and he now maintained that that hierarchy existed in defiance of the law of the land , the persons who now bald the dignities of that hierarchy being the successors of those whose offices the law had declared should be abolished . —My lords ; I trust I shall not be contradicted by any man who really knows any thing of Ireland , when I say the noble and learned lord has stated that which is not a fact , at least in the opinion of any man but himself ; and there fore I can not sit silent and hear the country to which I have the honour to belong , so foully traduced , without rising in my place , to contradict such unfounded aspersions upon the national character of Ireland . The noble lord has asserted , that protestants dare not live in the same families with catholic servants ; and that the catholic servants , from their hatred to those of the protestant religion , combine against them , My lords , I know not what may be the state of the noble lord 's