now a popish plot , or now a pretender ? There are causes , most certainly , sufficient to alarm you , but very different , and such as can only be combated by a conviction that , as destinies are now disposed of , it is not the power of the catholics which can destroy , or the exclusion of the catholics which can save you . The conclusion I draw from the history above alluded to , is very different from that drawn by the member , and far more healing ; conclusions to shew the evils arising from foreign connections on one side , and from domestic proscription on the other . If all the blood shed on these occasions ; if the many fights in the first , and the signal battles in the second period , and the consequences of those battles to the defeated and the triumphant , to the slave that fled , and the slave that followed , shall teach our country the wisdom of conciliation , I congratulate her on those deluges of blood : if not , I submit , and lament her fate , and deplore her understanding , which would render not only the blessings of Providence , but its visitations fruitless , and transmit what was the curse of our fathers as the inheritance of our children.—The learned gentleman proceeds to mistate a period of 100 years , namely , the century that followed the revolution , and this he makes a period of open or concealed rebellions . The sources of his darkness and misinformation are to be found in history and revelation . Of his charges against that period he brings no proof ; none of those on the same side with him can bring any . They heard from such a one , who heard from such a one : I neither believe them nor such a one , and I desire so many generations may not be convicted on evidence that-would not be- admitted against the vilest caitiff ; and 924 that against evidence by which that vilest caitiff would be acquitted , again the authority of four acts of parliament ; the act of 1778 , which declares their loyalty for a long series of years , that of 1782 , that of 1792 , and that of 1793 ; and farther against the declared sense of government , who , in the year 1762 , proposed to raise four catholic regiments , because the catholics had proved their allegiance ; and against the authority of the then Irish primate , who supported that measure , and in his speech on that subject , assigns as his reason , that , after his perusal of Mr. Murray 's papers , nothing appeared against the Irish catholics of any connection whatsoever with the rebellion of that period . The member proceeds to the rebellion of 1798 , and this he charges to the catholics ; and against his charge I appeal to the committee of the Irish house of commons in 1797 , in which it sets forth the rebel muster , containing 99,000 northerns enrolled in rebellion , and all the northern counties organised . At the time in which the committee of the house of commons states the rebellion of the north ; the dispatches of government acknowledged the allegiance of the south . To those dispatches I appeal , written at the time of Hoche 's projected invasion , and applauding the attachment and loyalty of the southern counties , and their exertions to assist the army on its march to Cork to oppose the landing of the French . If you ask how the rebellion spread , and involved the catholics , I will answer and tell you , that as long as the proscriptive system continues , there will be in our country a staminal weakness , rendering the distempers to which society is obnoxious , not only dangerous , but deadly . Every epidemic disease will bring the chronic distemper into action . It is the grapestone in the hand of death , which strikes with the