it without hearing further evidence , did not turn on the point of difference between evidence upon oath and that which was taken without that sanction ; but upon the principle , that the parties charged with misconduct had been fully heard , had been allowed all the forms , and what was much better than all forms , the substance of a fair trial ; they were called upon to answer ; they knew the charge , had heard all the evidence in support of it , had actually cross-examined that evidence , and were heard by counsel as to the effect of that evidence , and it appeared , upon full investigation of the case , that the party had nothing to say in answer to the charge ; they were found guilty , because their guilt was fully substantiated , after they had been fully heard . But the present was the reverse of that case , for here the 298 party had not been heard , and all that was now asked was a full hearing . And here he would put it to the house , and , indeed , to the gentlemen opposite to him , whether it was fair to call on the house to convict the party without a hearing , which had not yet been had ? and what would bring the point more distinctly before the minds of those whom he had now the honour of addressing was this , that no part of the case now before the house on this report was matter originally intended by the course of examination taken by the committee , but it came out incidentally , and it was no part of the object of the committee to try the noble lord who was the object of the present motion for any thing , and therefore it was , from the nature of things , absolutely impossible that he should have had a fair trial , since he had indeed hitherto had no trial . But the right hon . gent . Who spoke last had observed , that in former times a committee , on the model of which this was formed , had made many wise regulations , and that the act which was now the subject of the consideration of the house of commons passed without further investigation than that of a perusal of the report of the committee on which it was founded . This might be , but he believed the right hon . gent . could not shew him any regulation of parliament by which any individual had been condemned , without having had an opportunity of defending himself . And here the case was mot singularly hard , for it was the case of an individual knowing for the first time from the report , now said to be conclusive , what was the nature of the charge which was exhibited against him . He was speaking now of lord Melville , for he understood that noble lord was the only person against whom gentlemen on the other side of the house were pressing . From these complicated accounts , thus brought without notice to his lordship , before the committee , the guilt of that noble lord was to be inferred ; and he was said to have had a fair trial ! and the house was called upon to confirm that assertion , without its having at all investigated the case ! This application to the house was repugnant to the principles of justice.—But then the right hon . gent . stated , that an act of parliament had in this case been violated by the application of public money to other uses than those specified by the act . Now he ventured to say , the violation of the act of parliament was a point by no means so clear as some gentlemen affected to state it ; but on the contrary 299 he believed that doubts might be very reasonably entertained upon that subject . Here he wished to guard against , being misunderstood . When he said that the act was