less wished that any part should now be recalled or withdrawn . I believe indeed , said his lordship , that no such wish exists in the minds of any of your lordships . I am sure it does not in the minds of my noble friends Against whom an insinuation of this kind 806 was directed in the heat and eagerness of debate on a former night . What our Roman catholic brethren have acquired by the liberal grant of a bestowing and confiding parliament , let them , under the solemn faith of parliament pledged to them for its continuance , still enjoy . I will not anticipate a possibility that a breach of the implied condition which is annexed to every legislative provision for the benefit of individuals , should draw the expediency of its allowed continuance into question at any the remotest period of our future history . The question now before us on this petition , is not a question of toleration in the enjoyment and exercise of civil and religious rights , but of the grant of political power . All that toleration can require in respect to civil and religious immunity , has been long ago satisfied in its most enlarged extent . At the commencement of the gracious and beneficent reign of his present Majesty , the Roman catholics of both parts of the united kingdom , especially of Ireland , were incumbered and weighed down by the grievous pressure of many rigorous restraints , penalties and disabilities . It become the wisdom of parliament ( for on such subjects generosity and wisdom are the same , ) to emancipate them from these burthens ; and by several successive statutes in the space of about fifteen years they have been accordingly so emancipated . They are in respect of property capable inheriting and taking by devise for their own benefit , and of alienating and disposing of property in all such ways as it is competent to any other of his Majesty 's to subjects to take and dispose of the same The education of their children , and the choice of their marriages are equally unrestrained to them . The enjoyment of their religious worships is equally free and public . The avenues to emolument and eminence in the practice and profession of the law are equally open to them with their protestant fellow subjects . The right of serving on grand and petit juries , and upon all inquests civil and criminal , is the same to them as to others . The right of voting in counties for members of parliament has been conferred on them ; a capacity to become justice of the peace is capable of being communicated to them by his Majesty 's commission of the peace in the same manner as it is to other subjects ; that is , of course , under the check and control of a sound discretion to be exercised on the part of the person holding the great seal , as to the objects to which it should be granted . 807 All military and naval commissions , except those of principal command , and all offices except a very few of the great offices of state , and the higher judicial offices , are attainable by them . If , in the beginning of the year 1778 , any person had ventured to predict to them , that such would in the course of a very few years be the condition of a people then labouring under the restraints , penalties , and disabilities , I have alluded to , he would have been regarded as a rash and hardly utterer of a vain prophecy , which had not the remotest chance of ever being accomplished . However , in the compass of fifteen years , by the gradual removal of civil and religious , and of some political restraints , they have attained the accomplishment of all which , in their relative situation to the establishments of the country , they can consistently ask , or we can , with due regard to our situation as trustees