F. B. his agents , friends , partizans , managers , and others on his behalf , by various means , arts , and devices , did cause and procure great numbers of such false , pretended , and fictitious freeholders to take , being duly required to take , the freeholder 's oath , and the oath against bribery , and did cause and procure the same persons to be received on the poll , and their votes to be entered for the said sir F. B. ; and , in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose , did cause and procure divers persons to personate real freeholders of the said county , and in their names to give their votes for the said Sir F. B. ; and did cause and procure divers other persons to vote for and in respect of freeholds , to which they had not any right or pretence of right ; and did also cause and procure divers persons to vote more than once for the said sir F. B. ; and by gifts and rewards , and by promises , agreements , and securities for gifts and rewards , did procure divers persons , as well those who were qualified to vote as also those who claimed or pretended to have a right to vote at the said election , and also others who had no pretence or colour to such right , to vote at the said election for the said Sir F. B. ; and , in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose , did prevail on the said sheriff to receive and put upon the poll , after 3 o'clock , on the 15th day of the said election , the votes of 10 persons for the said sir F. B. who had no right or title to vote at the said election ; and that by these and other unlawful and corrupt practices , the said sir F. B. his agents , friends , partizans , managers , and others on his behalf , did procure a colourable and apparent majority of I vote for the said sir F. B. on the poll over the petitioner G. B. Mainwaring ; and the petitioners further state , that the said sir F. B. his agents , friends , partizans , managers , and others on his behalf , did artfully and unlawfully cause and procure great numbers of persons to be 4 admitted to vote at the said election for the said sir F. B. who had no right whatever to vote at the said election , and amongst them many persons who had not any colour or pretence of right to vote at the said election ; and did also cause and procure divers persons to personate real freeholders of the said county , and in their names to give their votes for the said sir F. B. ; and did cause and procure divers persons to vote more than once for the said sir F. B. at the said election , and to vote for freeholds to which they had no right , or pretence of right ; and did also cause and procure many persons to be admitted to vote for the said sir F. B. who by gifts and rewards , and by promises , agreements , and securities for gifts and rewards , were bribed and corrupted to give their votes for the said sir F. B. ; and that the said sheriff did permit to vote , and did receive on the poll , the votes of many persons in favour of the said sir F. B. who had no right to vote at the said election , and at the said election did reject the votes of many persons having a right to vote , and who tendered their votes at the said election for the petitioner G. B. Mainwaring , and who ought to have been received and admitted to vote at the said election ; and that by the aforesaid and other unlawful means the said sheriff did put and place upon the poll 2833 votes for the said sir