religious national establishment ) `` runs through the whole system of their polity . They do not consider their church establishment as convenient , but as essential to their state ; not as a thing heterogeneous and separable ; something added for accommodation ; what they may either keep up or lay aside , according to their temporary ideas of convenience . They consider it as the foundation of their whole constitution , with which , and with every part of which , it holds an indissoluble union . Church and state are ideas inseparable in their minds , and scarcely is the one ever mentioned without the other . '' They are so far joined , that the idea of the one almost necessarily impresses upon us the recollection of the other ; and church and state so imperceptibly flow into each other , that the connexion , even to the organ of speech , is perfectly familiar . This fraternal relation is not a novelty in our history , it grew up in the most early periods of it , and was firmly combined in those times when the liberties of this nation were effectually secured . After our sacred institution had endured many desperate assaults , it rose with renewed strength from the conflict , and we were destined to enjoy the blessings not only of a free but of a protestant constitution . In the same charter in which the sovereign appointment was given , in which the rights of the subject are declared , it was said , this kingdom shall be for ever protestant . And `` esto perpetua '' is the earnest prayer I shall offer 967 for the Safety and happiness of my country . But the principles now advanced are calculated not to preserve , but to impair the constitution we have received from our ancestors , and to sacrifice to experiment the invaluable privileges by which we have been hitherto distinguished . By what provisions is this constitution to be secured ? By the fundamental laws of the country . What are these laws ? The king must be a protestant . He can marry none but a protestant . Was this to lull to repose the conscience of the sovereign ? Was it for his personal comfort in this life , or his happiness hereafter , that these restrictions on his very thoughts were ordained ? Certainly with no such design : it was for the protection of these realms from the dangerous consequences of catholic innovation . It was , in such a country as this , guarded by such legislative precautions , with regard to , the opinions of the prince , that if no distinct provisions had been made , the general maxims resulting from established law , would be , that all the great officers of state assisting the monarch in the discharge of his high functions should be protestants . It was required , that the supreme magistrate should be of that persuasion ; and were not the representatives of his august power to entertain the same religious sentiments ? In order to preserve the system inviolable , it is not only expedient , but necessary : whatever may be the situation or the policy of other states in this particular , in England it is prudent , from peculiar circumstances , to preserve this restraint ; because , from the nature of our limited monarchy , the incumbent of the throne may be in the exercise of a very small portion of power ; almost the whole actual authority , and the responsibility , may be delegated to his ministers ; and what would be the perils that might await us , if they were the slaves of the catholic superstition ? It is on such grounds that I consider it not a matter of doubt , but of conviction and certainty , that to permit these privileges to be extended to persons of the romish faith , would be to infringe the fundamental maxims of our glorious constitution . A protestant king , surrounded by catholic ministers , would be a solecism