urge the public to withhold all reasonable indulgence in cases of allowed misfortune ; but there must naturally be a limit to such indulgence , there must be a decency in the use of it ; and , above all , there must be an impartiality in the distribution of it to persons similarly situated . There are many unfortunate debtors to the public besides Mr. Fordyce ; many who , as securities for their principals only , are harrassed without pity by all the rigorous process of the crown . It is just and right that the laws of the country should be equally and impartially administered ; and , of course , it is not right that Mr. Fordyce and his property should make the exception they do to the ordinary application of the law . Besides , sir , as I have said before , we are never to forget that the money Mr. Fordyce owes to the public came out of the pockets of the people for their taxes , that through him or his agents it has hitherto been lost , and that it is not very gracious to the people of England , whilst we are taxing the very sources of their existence , to be granting this exclusive compassion to Mr. Fordyce . Sir , it is not only the estate I have mentioned that Mr. Fordyce possesses as a means to satisfy his debt , the public knows that this gentleman enjoys a very lucrative office under the crown , and that fie has long done so ; they know , sir , that the revenue , which has already lost so much by him , has been further burdened , for the purpose of building him a house of great magnificence , nominally , indeed , an office , but in fact a private residence , and built at great expence ; and knowing as they do these facts , and feeling as they do the increasing pressure of an almost overbearing taxation , it is insulting the people of England to call upon them for any extraordinary sympathy in the case of Mr. Fordyce . As I said , sir , upon a former occasion , I can take no blame to myself for 52 making these observations , unpleasant as they are : the ministers have forced Mr. Fordyce upon the criticism of the public , and they must answer to him for the consequences ; if , after two and twenty years forbearance , they still think themselves justified in withholding the process of the crown against Mr. Fordyce for the recovery of their public debt , they are at least hound in duty and decency to the public , not to exhibit Mr. Fordyce in any character of discretion or controul connected with the public revenue of the country . I am sure , sir , this is a sentiment universally felt by the public ; and , what is more , it was a sentiment recognized and acted upon by the chancellor of the exchequer , who dismissed Mr. Fordyce from his office . The chancellor of the exchequer I allude to was lord J. Cavendish ; and that noble person himself seems to have believed , that there had been much misfortune in Mr. Fordyce 's case , so much so , that he was induced to promise him some indulgence as to time , and some place of profit , instead of the one he had deprived him of . But observe , sir , there was a condition annexed to this promise , namely , that the place to be given was to be in no way connected with the revenue : —this , sir , was the just and generous sentiment of that noble person of humanity to the individual , and of respect to the feeling and to the interest of the public : if that noble person thought , two and twenty years ago , when Mr. Fordyce 's debt was recently contracted , that the employment of him , in any way connected with the revenue , was an