what you value more than being , 936 the ancient renown of your island . You have said it yourselves , and you have added , that Ireland is your vulnerable part : why vulnerable ? Vulnerable because you have misgoverned her . It may then happen that on Irish ground , and by an Irish hand , the destinies of this ancient monarchy called Great Britain , may be decided . Accordingly , you have voted your army , but you have forgot to vote your people ; you must vote their passions likewise . Their horrors at the French proceedings will do much , but it is miserable to rely on the crimes of your enemies always , on your own wisdom never . Besides , those horrors did not prevent Prussia from leaving your alliance , nor Austria from making peace , nor the united Irishmen from making war . Loyalty will do much , but you require more—patience under taxes , such as are increased far beyond what we have been accustomed to , from one million and a half to 8,000,000 ; nor patience only , but ardour—the strong qualities , not such as the scolding dialect of certain gentlemen would excite—the fire , a spirit that in the case of an invasion will not sit as a spy on the doubt of the day and calculate , but , though the first battle should be unsuccessful , would come out with a desperate fidelity , and embody with the destinies of England . It is a wretched thing to ask , how would they act in such a case ? What , after a connexion of six hundred years , to thank your admiral for your safety , or the wind , or any thing but your own wisdom ! and therefore the question is not whether the catholics shall get so many seats , but whether you shall get so many millions ; I in such a case you live all people . What is it that constitutes the strength and health of England but this sort of vitality , that her privileges , like her money , circulate every where , and center no where ? This it was which equality would have given , but did not give , France ; this it was which the plain sense of your ancestors , without equality , did give the English ; a something which limited her kings , drove her enemies , and made a handful of men fill the world with their name.—Will you , in your union with Ireland , with-hold the regimen which has made you strong , and continue the regimen which has made her feeble ? You will further recollect , that you have invited her to your patrimony , and hitherto you have given her taxes and additional debt , I believe it is of 26,000,000 . The other part of your patrimony , I should be glad to see that , Talk plainly and honestly to the Irish 937 —'tis true your taxes are increased , and your debts multiplied , but here are our privileges , great burthens and great privileges : this is the patrimony of England , and with this does she assess , recruit , inspire , consolidate . But the protestant ascendancy , it is said , alone can keep the country , namely , the gentry , clergy , and nobility , against the French , and without the people . It may be so . But , in 1641 , above ten thousand troops were sent from England to assist that party ; in 1789 , twenty-three regiments were raised in England to assist them ; in 1798 , the English militia were sent over to assist them . What can be done by spirit will be done by them ; but would the city of London , on such assurance , risk a guinea ? The parliament of Ireland did risk every thing , and are now nothing ; and in their extinction left this instruction , not to their posterity , for they have none ,