men in Ireland wished to do , but could not do , the patriot courtier and the patriot oppositionist , you may accomplish : what Mr. Gardiner , Mr. Langrishe , men who had no views of popularity or interest , or . any but the public good ; what Mr. Daly , Mr. Burgh , men whom shall not pronounce to be dead if their genius live in this measure ; what Mr. Forbes , every man that loved Ireland ; what Lord Puy , the wisest man in Ireland ever produced ; what Mr. Hutchinson , an able , accomplished , and enlightened servant of the crown ; what Lord Charlemont , superior to his early prejudices , bending under years , and experience , and public affection ; what that dying nobleman , what our Burke , what the most profound divines , Doctor Newcome , for instance , our late primate , his mitre stood in the front of that measure ; what these men supported , and against whom ? Against men who had no opinion at that time on the subject , except that which the minister ordered , or men whose opinions were so extravagant , that even bigotry must blush for them ; and yet those men had not before them considerations which should make you wise—that the pope has evaporated , and that France has covered the best part of Europe . That terrible sight is nerve before you : it is a gulph that has swallowed up a great portion of your treasure ; it yawns for your being . Were it not wise , therefore , to come to a good understanding with the Irish now ? It will be miserable , if any thing untoward should happen hereafter , to say , we did not foresee this danger ; against other dangers , against the pope we were impregnable . But if , instead of guarding against dangers which are not , we should provide against dangers which are , the remedy is in your hands , —the franchises of the constitution . Your ancestors of the petitioners were less fortunate ; the posterity of both , born to new and strange dangers ; let them agree to renounce jealousies and proscriptions , in order to oppose what , without that agreement , will overpower both . Half Europe is in battalion against us , and we are damning one another on account of mysteries , when we should form against the enemy , and march.—But I am exhausted . —I am as anxious to concur in any measure , which has for its object the consolidation of the strength and interest of the empire , as either of the two hon . gentlemen who have supported this motion ; but the proposition of the hon . Member who opened this debate does not appear to me in any way calculated to meet that end . The hon . gentleman has stated the abstract question of right , with his usual precision , but certainly not so strong as he might have done , nor can I agree with him in the inferences he has endeavoured to deduce from it . The hon . mover of the question has argued , that no danger is to be apprehended at present in admitting catholics to the representative privilege . Possibly not . Great numbers may not come in at first , but parliament is to look prospectively to the effect of the measure , and the probable line of conduct that would be pursued by the catholics when they shall obtain a share in the representation . I do not suppose that they would endeavour to recall and replace upon the throne a branch of a family which had been formally excluded . I do not suppose that they would endeavour to take away all the tithes from the protestant clergy for the purpose of giving them to their own ; but if a proposition were made to take away part of the tithes from the protestant clergy , for the purpose of conferring them on the catholic clergy