the house , their determination of prosecuting enquiries into all other violation of law and abuses of public trust , which may have existed in any other department of the public expenditure ; and that , in the present situation of the empire , engaged in a war of unparalleled expense and difficulty , the petitioners feel , that it is essentially necessary to insure the strictest application of the national resources to the great an important objects for which they are called forth ; that they entertain the fullest persuasion , an it is their earnest wish and prayer , that the house will exercise that control over the management of the public money which in their wisdom may appear necessary ; that they will persevere in those measures which they have already begun ; and that they will establish a system of just and prudent economy in every branch of the public receipt and expenditure . '' Ordered to lie upon the table . —a message was delivered from the lords stating , `` that the lords do give leave to the lord Harrowby to come to the select committee of the house of commons , to whom the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry ( respecting the office of the treasurer of his majesty 's navy ) is referred , to enquire into the application of any monies issued to the treasurer of the navy for naval services to purposes not naval , and whether any , and what representations were made to the lords commissioners of his majesty 's treasure , or the chancellor of the exchequer , respecting the withdrawing from the bank any sums of money so issued since the passing of the act of 25 Geo . III . c. 31 ; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the crown by the late Adam Jellicoe ; on order to be examined at that committee , of his do desire a present conference with this house , in the painted chamber , upon 848 the subject matter of their message to the lords , on Friday , the 3d day of this instant May , desiring that their lordships will give leave to lord viscount Melville to come to the select committee of this house , to whom the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry ( respecting the office of the treasurer of his majesty 's navy ) stands referred , in order to be examined at the committee . '' And then the messengers withdrew.—Resolved , that this house doth agree to a conference with the lords , as is desired by their lordships . And the messengers were again called in ; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith . And then they again withdreq.—Ordered , that a committee be appointed to manage the said conference . And a committee was appointed accordingly . Then the names of the managers were called over ; and they went to the conference , and being returned ; Mr. Leycester reported , `` that the managers had met the lords at the conference , which was managed on the part of the lords by the Duke of Norfolk ; and that the conference was to acquaint this house ; that the lords , always desirous that a good intelligence and right understanding should be maintained betwixt the two houses , and persuaded that nothing can tend more effectually thereunto than a close adherence to the ancient and regular methods of proceeding between the two houses , have desired this conference upon the subject of commons for leave for the lord viscount Melville to attend the select committee of that house in order to be examined , to communicate to the house of commons ; —that it appears undeniably , by an uniform series of precedents down to the present time , that the course adopted by the lords , respecting the giving leave to the members of their lordship 's house to go down to the house of commons , has been to permit the members of their lordship 's house , on their