. The present proportion of livings was by no means adequate to the ends of the institution . It did not exceed a moiety of the number of the members , and at least he thought the number of livings should be rendered equal to the number of individuals to be provided for , and which may be done by means of the bill . The law , as it at present stood , operated in an inconvenient , and , in some respects , a very injurious manner . The measure in question would , he thought , contribute to improve the discipline of the universities , and materially to promote the interests of learning . His lordship also alluded to the ill effects of the present slow successions to the livings . With respect to the provisions of the bill , he should have some amendments to propose ; but seemed to say they were not such as would materially alter them . was of opinion that some farther time should be allowed noble lords to inform themselves , and to make up their minds upon a measure of such peculiar importance . The restraint , undoubtedly , was , as the noble duke observed , sanctioned by that great authority , lord chancellor Hardwicke . What he heard from the rev . prelate did not make up his mind as to the necessity of a legislative provision , at least , to the full extent of the present bill . Admitting the succession to livings , under the restraint , may be too slow , they may also , on the other hand , be too quick ; nor did he conceive , that the interests of learning would be materially benefited by the alteration ; as , through it , members might be taken from the university at too early a period , and before their literary acquirements had attained the necessary degree of weight and solidity . Neither could he see how the discipline of the universities would be ameliorated by the present bill . With respect to the proportion of livings , on which much stress had been laid , an increase of that , suppose two thirds , of the number of persons , may be a proper subject for discussion . All he would propose at present was a little delay in the progress of the bill , in order to afford time for maturely considering the subject . saw no objection to the postponement desired by his noble friend , but he considered the subject of the greatest importance , and worthy the most serious consideration . It embraced 144 a variety of important topics , on many of which questions might arise . It may be matter of discussion , whether the income of livings should be augmented from the estates and other resources of the universities ; or whether , and how far the number of livings may , with reference to the important objects they all had in view , be increased . The result of his own experience on part of the subject was , that , under the present limitation , the number of livings was too small ; in what proportion and in what manner these should be increased , was matter for serious consideration . confessed , that in his present view of the subject , he was , generally speaking , favourably disposed towards the bill , as he was to every thing that proceeded from the reverend prelate who introduced it : however , he thought some degree of information on the subject necessary , as at present they were totally in the dark as to the means which the universities now possessed of remunerating their members , as to the number and value of the livings in their disposal , or other resources for that purpose . He should , therefore , suggest the expediency of the information such as he alluded to . replied at some length , and enlarged upon and enforced the leading topics which he before urged in favour of the bill ; which , however ,