practice of contracting for ships to be built in merchants yards . With respect to the first point , he was informed , that a number of ships had been bought up for the king 's service , which , in the opinion of many persons professionally qualified to decide , and also of those who were appointed to command them , were totally unfit for the particular line of service to which they were destined . All of those had been purchased at a most extravagant rate , and before the public had derived any benefit from them , it was found necessary that they should undergo ample repairs , which were effected upon terms even more extravagant than the original purchase . His lordship said , he would read his motions , and comment upon them as they occurred ; the first was for `` an Account of all the ships which have been purchased for his maj. 's Navy , since 16th May , 1804 , specifying from whom , their age and tonnage ; the valuation put on them by the officers of the Dock-yards , the sums paid for them , the expence of fitting them as ships of war in the merchant and King 's yards , and of any alterations made in them since they were first fitted . '' To this , he understood , no objection was likely to be offered , and therefore he would not trouble their lordships with any observations on it.—His next motion would be for `` Copies of all letters and 19 representations which have passed between the admiralty and Navy Boards , and between those boards and the commissioners or other officers of the Dock-yards , respecting these ships ; also of all representations from their commanders , respecting their unfitness to perform the services of ships of war . '' If this last motion should be refused , as being too general , he should have no objection to omit any part of it , or to make any alteration in it that the noble viscount at the head of the admiralty should require or suggest . The letters which he was principally anxious to obtain , were those from the commanders of the Hindostan and the Hyæna , two ships which had been taken into the service , One of those he understood to be an old West Indiaman , whose back had been broken , which was reported not fit for service , and which , notwithstanding that representation , had been purchased at an expence of something above 7,000l.—His next motion would be for `` An Account of the expence of arming of these ships , specifying the number , nature , and calibre of the guns , which they were reported to be capable of carrying when they were purchased , and of any alterations which have been since made . '' This he understood would be conceded to him . His next motion would be for `` Copies of all representations which have been made by the commanders of these ships on the subject of their guns . '' As it was possible some objections might be urged against the granting of this , he would not , if it should be refused , persevere in pressing it.—His next motion would be for `` An Account of the number of artificers and labourers , who have discharged themselves from his maj. 's Dock-yards at Deptford and Woolwich , in each month , since 1st June , 1804 , specifying their several classes , age , and time of service . '' Neither this , nor the following , would , be believed , be refused.— '' The number of shipwrights borne in all the Yards , on the 1st of March , 1805 . `` —When those two last motions should be complied with , he had strong reasons for supposing that it would appear to the satisfaction of every noble lord who heard him , that fewer shipwrights were borne in the king 's yards at the commencement of the present month , than at the corresponding period