have heard much the same thing stated by another gentleman ; but he said , it was no matter of what religion a man was , if he was but known to the rebels to be a loyal Man ; for that was the criterion upon which their fury was directed , against men of all sects . This , however , is no argument against the catholics as such , but merely a proof of the barbarism of the lower orders , which I lament , and only blame the government which has presided in the country , not having taken more pains to educate 780 and civilize them . The noble lord next goes to domestic affairs ; and he complains of religious antipathies borne by catholic to protestant servants . Some remedy we are told is necessary ; but what does the noble lord propose ? Not to re-enact the penal laws ; not to accede to the petition ; but to abolish the catholic hierarchy ! and this is the remedy which the noble and learned lord supposes would strike at the root of the evil . I confess , my lords , the expedient does not carry the same weight in my estimation . But those things , which to the minds of other men appear insurmountable difficulties , to the enlightened understanding , and profound discernment of the noble lord , are no difficulties at all . Three hundred years have elapsed since the reformation , which , aided by all the rigours of the penal code , has yet been so unsuccessful in Ireland , that still above three-fourths of the population continues catholic . The Irish papists , it seems , according to the noble lord , do not understand English ; but , from the nature of their education , they are better acquainted with Latin ; therefore , says the noble lord , you have nothing to do but translate the bible and church liturgy into Irish , and preach the reformed religion in that language , as has been done in Wales , and you at once convert the whole country into protestants . Here again , I own , that I much doubt the success of the noble lord 's project ; for , though you might find an Irish congregation to understand , I fancy you would find it rather difficult to find protestant clergymen to preach or pray in that tongue . But it is said , if you grant this measure to the catholics , you will have the presbyterians and all the different sects of dissenters claiming similar indulgence . My lords , if it be just and politic to grant the claims of the catholics , I can not see why you should refuse , them , because others may claim something else afterwards . If the catholics are quiet , it is said , give them nothing , they do not ask for any thing ; and if they do ask , it is said , give them nothing , for they are turbulent . It is always too soon or too late to hearken to their petitions . The periods of peace or war are equally unpropitious to their hopes . Some noble lords emphatically resist this petition because it is brought forward at this time ; who tell us , in the same breath , that they think it proper at no time , and will resist it at any But , my lords , own I am utterly at a loss for arguments to meet such contradictory objections as these . But then comes the grand objection Of all : —Not satisfied with 781 the loyal conduct and peaceful demeanour of the catholic body in Ireland , you still question their sincerity . You propose to them test after test , and oath after oath , to prove their loyaly and attachment to the state ; and after they have taken those tests , and given the most solemn assurances you could demand , it is then said , they are not to be believed upon their oaths ,