you to pursue with effect what you began with so much honour . We intreat you not to relax in your efforts till you have brought lord Melville to condign punishment , and given to all who shall be found to have committed similar crimes , a signal demonstration , that , in the representatives of the people , instead of abettors of their iniquities , they will find only the faithful guardians of the nation , and the zealous vindicators of the laws . `` —Ordered to lie on the table . observed , that as the day which he had fixed for submitting a motion to the house an the subject of the petition of the Catholic body of Ireland was so near , he deemed it proper to take this opportunity of stating the reasons on which he proposed to defer that Motion from the 10th to Monday the 13th inst . One reason was , that many gentlemen interested in the discussion were now in Ireland , and could not attend on Friday . This was a sufficient reason , but it was not the principal one . Another was , the importance of the business which was to occupy the attention of the house next week . His hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had a mo- 596 tion of considerable importance , which , together with the other motions noticed on several interesting subjects , would , perhaps , fatigue gentlemen so much as to render it inconvenient to have his motion brought forward on Friday . He thought this was a fit time to state for the information of gentlemen , the substance , if not the precise words , of the motion which he should submit to the house on the subject . His motion would be , that the house should resolve into a committee of the whole house , to consider of all the matters contained in the petition , and whether it would be expedient that all , or any of the prayers it contained , should be complied with , or whether a middle course should be adopted for granting some , and deferring the decision upon the rest of their claims ; or whether or not some collateral means of meeting the wishes of the petitioners might not be eligible . declared himself hostile to the prayer of the petition , and should , therefore , oppose the motion of the hon . gent . —The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved the order of the day for going into a committee of supply ; and on his motion , also , the extraordinaries of the army , the expences of the volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland , and the deficiency of the consolidated fund , were referred to the said committee.—The house having resolved into a committee , the following sums were voted : To make good the excess of the extraordinary services of the army over the estimates voted last year £668,803 15 3 Extraordinary services of the army for the present year 3,000,000 , 0 0 To complete the sum of five millions granted out of the monies that should arise from the consolidated fund of Great Britain for the year 1804 3,049,488 15 3 To defray the expences of the volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland 1,600,000 0 0 said , he did not rise to object to this resolution ; but , as emigrants were included in this sum , he submitted it to the committee , whether it would not be better that the money voted for emigrants should be a distinct vote for that purpose , instead of being brought into the army extraordinaries ? There was another circumstance which struck him , and that was , he , observed , an article of charge of somewhat about 500l . for the expences of creating sir Brooke Watson a baronet . He thought , if honours were heaped on a man in the situ- 597 ation of the hon . baronet , it was rather extraordinary that the public should be asked to pay for them . said ,