his mind , it needed none ; and that the exigency of the case required such an act should be passed.—The question was put , and the committee on the bill deferred till the above-mentioned day . The order of the day for the second reading of the Militia Enlisting Bill being read , rose , and stated , that 193 after the thorough and repeated discussions the subject had hitherto undergone , it would not be necessary for him to take up much of their lordships ' time , or to enter into any general considerations of the subject . He would first observe , that when the immense number of men who were in arms in this country was considered , their lordships would soon be aware that no military force whatever could be more respectable than that of the united kingdom . The only difference of opinion which could arise , was as to the arrangement and composition of this force , and the most effectual means of increasing the disposable force of the country . There was a general admission that this description of our military force should , under the present circumstances , form a much larger proportion , particularly with respect to infantry , of the whole , than it did at present . The object of the bill now before their lordships was to effect that ; and the principal question which could arise , was as to the means adopted . The mode proposed by the bill , was to allow a certain proportion of the militia forces to volunteer into the regular forces , and into the royal marines . It should be considered , that the present militia establishment was calculated without a reference to a volunteer force , at the immense amount at which it stood at present . The principle of reducing the militia had been more than once recognised by parliament , especially by the act of last session , and the question that remained , therefore , was , whether , under all the circumstances of the country , it would not greatly conduce to the public benefit , to permit men to volunteer from the militia into the regulars , under the restrictions proposed by the bill , so as to increase our disposable force to the desired amount . He was a real friend to the militia system , but , he must contend , that on true militia principles , the present number and proportion of that force were too great to be kept up . The present state of the militia , with respect to its officers , was also a matter of serious consideration , and in these a great deficiency , to an aggregate , he believed , of between 400 and 500 , particularly of officers duly qualified , at present existed . The present volunteer system not a little contributed to affect the officering of the militia . This latter force , with a reference to the true militia principles , should not be suffered to exceed 40,000 men . That 194 principle admitted , the mode of reduction was comparatively of little importance ; the execution of the present measure was , in the first instance , confided to militia officers themselves , who , he trusted , would feel the great public importance of the duty entrusted to them . A measure similar to the present was adopted in the course of the last war , but destitute of the advantageous provisions of the present bill The great importance of its object being generally admitted , he trusted its details would , on discussion , in the regular opportunity , be found equally unobjectionable . Any farther commentary on the merits of the measure he should leave to other noble lords more conversant than himself in the particular subject . He should now content himself with moving their lordships to give a second reading to the bill . said , he could not give a silent vote upon the occasion . He denied that any similitude existed between the present bill and that alluded to ,