have yet been able to remove . It appeared to be the wish of the legislature to create two distinct and separate nations , possessing separate and distinct interests . Unhappily they succeeded but too well—violence will beget violence—oppression will create resistance . When one part of the community enjoys a free constitution , and the other is in chains , the natural consequences must be , that the governors will acquire a spirit of domination incompatible with every degree of equal liberty ; and the governed a spirit of licentiousness and resistance , little reconcileable to law and subordination . This has been the state of Ireland ; it is not however the ordinance of the Almighty , but the policy of man . None of those libellers of their country will maintain that it was preordained that man in Ireland was to be indolent , ferocious and savage , and in England civilized and industrious . Seek for the effects ari- 767 sing from human conduct , in human cause . Persecution may have been driven from the walls of parliament , but it has entered into the privacies of domestic life , poisoning the sources of social enjoyment , diffusing dissension and not union , discord and not charity , widening instead of closing the breach between the protestant who conceded with regret , and the catholic who consequently received without gratitude . The legislature appeared to have advanced in vain , the public mind was retrograde , liberality , was in the mouths of all , but persecution and rancour were in the hearts of many ; the effects of the abominable code of popery laws , survived the code itself ; the extent of mischief it had occasioned was not discovered till those laws had ceased in a great measure to exist . What now remains to be granted only insults the catholic without securing the protestant . How the state would be endangered because a catholic peer might sit in parliament , or a catholic gentleman enjoy any office or represent any county in which he had a large property , I am at a loss to imagine , particularly when the peerage who have the choice , the government who have the disposal of office , the property who have the influence in elections , would still continue protestant . The virtues of men , or the effects arising from their virtues , are transitory and perishable , why therefore should their follies and their , prejudices be immortal ? Why should religious hatred last for ever ? It is certainly a created and not a natural cause of difference . He who believes in transubstantiation and he who rejects it , may certainly think alike on other subjects , and be governed by motives equally pure and honourable as men , as citizens , as Christians . The protestant may rejoice in the superior purity of his religion , and lament the darkness which overshadows the mind of his catholic brother : but surely it is not necessary that matters of conscience or of speculative belief should interfere with the active conduct of either . Every relaxation of the penal code has been opposed by the same Arguments , which have been again and again answered and refuted . I beg pardon—truth and candour oblige me to confess that in the list of charges and accusations , the pretender has lately been omitted ; but the power of the pope , whether he be the prisoner of the directory , or the slave of Buonaparté , whether he vegetate at Rome or be in chains at Paris , is still alike formidable and portentous . The protestant property is still in danger , though that property has been in 768 their hands for five generations ; the families of the original claimants are generally extinct , or resident in foreign countries and a considerable number of catholics have purchased and hold their property under the act of settlement and explanation.—A noble viscount has thought it right to assert , that registry of the forfeited property was in the possession of the families