our sovereign ? The people applaud us in the warmest terms . They say the house of commons have taken up our cause againt the whole host of contractors and peculators . The house of lords may do the same ; and shall not our beneficent sovereign have an opportunity of expressing the warm interest he takes in every plan for alleviating the burdens and improving the condition of his people ? I admire this house as the corner stone of the constitution—as the source of all reforms and improvements—as the balance by which the constitution is kept in purity and vigour . But I do not wish to exclude the monarchy from its proper share in every beneficent work . I think our resolutions ought to be presented to the throne . Should the house of lords also do the same thing , his majesty might thus be prevented from expressing his dissatisfaction on the subject , to the great prejudice of the people of England . Is that the situation in which ministers ought to leave their sovereign ? The house may depend upon it , that this question will be a subject of consideration out of 362 doors for a long period of time , and that it will be agitated over and over again . It is materially connected with other abuses , and involves the dearest interest of the country . It should be remembered , that Great Britain is at present involved in a struggle which occasions considerable ferment in the public mind ; and therefore the public ought to be convinced that substantial justice is done to them . Neglect on this topic will enable those who are inimical to monarchical government to draw a line of distinction between the monarchical part of the constitution and the house of commons ; they feeling no mark of disapproval from his majesty similar to that expressed by this house . I Warn ministers not to leave it possible for such language to be held . Let them consider it as a question involving the dearest interests of the country , and the honour the sovereign whom they serve . Trusting , therefore , that ministers will do their duty , I have no Objection that the motion should be withdrawn , in the confidence of a more complete and satisfactory explanation and conclusion at a future day . said that perhaps there never was a time when parliament were called upon to interfere in a matter of such importance as on the present occasion , and more important resolutions than those which passed on a former night , were never agitated in that house . As guardians of the constitution , the house were met there to defend it from any inroads that might be made upon it , and he considered the resolutions which had been recently adopted as the most likely way to prevent danger to the constitution of the country , from the abuse of extraordinary power lodged in the hands of an individual . It behoved parliament to interfere whenever the public trust was abused or misapplied , and they should take every occasion to punish the offenders . This was the foremost of its duties . It was his opinion , and he mentioned it with deference , that it was the duty of parliament to inquire into all public abuses , and to follow up their resolutions by a minute investigation . He had declared his opinion on this matter on a former night , and he was perfectly satisfied with the sentiments he had delivered . When he voted the night before last , it was from strong sense of public duty , and his desire to maintain the character and reputation of that house . He came down to the house this night without any expectation of a measure similar to that proposed by the hon . gent . ; being brought 363 forward . He had not had any communication with a single individual upon the subject ; and he confessed it was not without some surprise , that he heard such a measure brought forward