should appear necessary , he should support it . in answer to what had fallen from Mr. Sheridan , respecting his bill of 1785 , said , if hon . gentlemen would take the trouble of referring to the bill itself , they would find it contained no one of the obnoxious or unconstitutional principles which the hon . member had thought fit to impute to it . —The question was then put on Mr. Whitbread 's amendment , and negatived without a division ; and the original motion for leave to bring in the bill was carried . rose for the purpose of moving , that leave be given to 493 bring in a bill appointing commissioners to examine into the public expenditure of the departments therein mentioned , and to report such observations as might enable the legislature to correct and prevent irregularities at present existing in such departments , and to adopt a better mode of conducting them for the future . He said , that as he had stated on a former night the objects of his motion , it would not now be necessary to explain them very minutely . They would chiefly comprehend the great branches of the military administration : the offices of barracks and ordnance , the commissariat and the quarter-master-general departments . There were several other objects to which he wished this commission to extend . By a bill passed some years ago , the inspection of the public accounts was taken from the auditors of imprest , and vested in a commission ; however well that commission had fulfilled its duty , yet , from the length of the war , and the great increase of public business , it was impossible to avoid large arrears , an evil which could not be avoided , unless by appointing a fresh commission to assist in bringing up the accounts . This was one object ; another was to examine into the expenditure of the public money in the West Indies , to take measures for recovering what was due , and for preventing the recurrence of abuses in future , all which was now before the board of treasury . Having thus briefly stated the outlines of his plan , the right hon . gent . expressed his readiness to listen to any suggestions that might be made to him for the purpose of rendering the operations of it more effectual . The result of such a commission must be , that the public would have the satisfaction of being assured , either that no abuses existed in these departments , or if they unfortunately did exist , that measures would be taken to correct them . enquired whether the operation of the bill was meant to extend to Ireland ? replied , that would be a subject of future discussion . asked if the war-office was to be included ? answered in the affirmative . wished to know , whether or not the commissariat of Ireland was to be subject to investigation by this commission , as well as that of Great Britain ? could give no positive answer . He was not sure whether the same commission would serve for both countries or not . Ireland might , perhaps , require a distinct commission . desired to be informed , whether or not it was to be understood that a distinct commission was to superintend the military department of Ireland ? entertained some doubts if the same committee could undertake the management of both Great Britain and Ireland ; local knowledge might , perhaps , be necessary ; but on this subject he had not made up his mind . pressed for a more explicit answer to the question of his hon . friend . said , he had not yet made up his mind on that part of the subject . notwithstanding the plausible professions under which the right hon . gent . brought forward this bill , had no hesitation in declaring his decided opinion , that any bill of this sort brought into parliament , for the specious purpose of investigating abuses in the public expenditure