had , as substitute for another , in a practice pro- 338 nounced illegal , Mr. Wilson naturally supposed implicate him in the penalties applicable to illegality of the transaction , and on that ground alone he declined to answer the interrogatories of the commissioners . But although the charge of legal guilt might attach to this man , I believe that he is perfectly free from any imputation on the score of morality , Still , though I entertain this opinion of Mr. Wilson , if this house pronounced a different opinion , I should bow to its authority , and remove him from office . But no such opinion has been declared , and I think him not all fairly implicated in the guilt attributed to the transaction which led to this discussion . Why then should I comply with the wish expressed by the hon . gentleman ? or with what justice could I sacrifice a man whom I conscientiously believe to be innocent , to suspicion , or to clamour ; unless some new evidence should arise , or some competent tribunal should pronounce Mr. Wilson guilty ? I have not , I can not have , any personal partiality for Mr. Wilson , whom I know only as a clerk in my office : but I will mete out a different measure of justice to this or any other man whom circumstances may place in my power to what the hon . gentleman seems disposed to shew to lord Melville . But to return to the question ; the hon . gent . has now renewed all the unfairness , and apparently forgotten and thrown aside all the fairness and moderation , of which he thought it necessary to assume the semblance at least in the last debate . He has resorted to every means of aggravating , his charge : he has collected every circumstance that could tend to give an unfavourable impression against the object of his accusation , and has even construed the act which was a mark of the noble lord 's deference to the house , and of his humiliation , into an aggravation of his criminality . The hon . gent . at one time calls particular parts of the tenth report dark and doubtful , which at another time he assumes to furnish clear and glaring evidence to aggravate the guilt of lord Melville . And he has travelled not only out of the charge itself , but out of the report , into the whole range of party polities , into the history of every action of lord Melville 's political life , to collect topics , which have no natural relation to the subject properly before the house , and all calculated obviously to inflame the passions upon a charge which its advocates term appeal to justice—The hon . gent . tell you that the motion this night is nothing more than a con- 339 firmation of the vote of the former night . But the vote of the former night , as amended , only declared that the noble lord had violated the law , but it did not charge him with having done so for private emolument . You have indeed recorded your opinion that lord Melville has been guilty of a violation of the act of parliament , in consequence of which certain advantages have resulted to another person . But you have not said that the noble lord has had any participation of such advantages , nor does any thing appear to justify such an inference . I trust , therefore , that when the hon . gent . so triumphantly declares his conviction that the house can not act inconsistently with itself ; that it will not disappoint the just expectation of the country ; I trust , sir , he will not find himself mistaken . The house will follow up the vote of last night with consistency—that is , in the same sense and spirit in which that vote was given . The house will not disappoint the opinion which the country has conceived of its justice , temper