utmost importance to them to acquire . Let me desire your lordships to consider , what is the course of every , liberal profession of life . Is any one at a loss to know , how much importance the student of law derives from the exalted , situation of the noble lord on the woolsack ? Is there any man in the navy , who does not look forward to the probable attainment of the ranks , and honours , bestowed , on a Howe or a Nelson ? The condition of every man , who is a free inhabitant of this country , is exalted by the consideration , that there is no one who walks the streets , whatever his situation may be , who , with the exception of those to whom these restraints apply , may not arrive by industry , talent , and perseverance , to the highest ranks in society . To these who are so excepted , we can never say —I pede fausto Grandia laturus fortunæ præmia . It is this principle , which teaches the people of this country , to feel a sympathy is the dignities bestowed on those above them . They are sensible , that however low their own condition may be , they are entitled to 671 aspire to the same advantages . But I should like to know , a law was to pass that the students of the . Middle Temple should be eligible to the office of lord chancellor , and that those of the Inner Temple should be excluded , whether their condition and consequence would be the same Go into the army , and the argument is precisely similar . Look at an equal number of subalterns . To one it shall be said , shew courage , discipline , steadiness , every thing that can animate a soldier , yet there is one thing attached to your situation , you never can rise to that rank in the army , which , will enable you to make yourself a name to posterity ; you never can obtain that which is the greatest incentive to the display of valour . The loss is not in the equal privation of an advantage ; for it may happen that no subaltern officer may become a general , no student become a chancellor . The degradation consists in the deprivation ; and therefore this , which is little for you to give , is much for the catholics to obtain . If your desire is , that there should exist an idea of equal law in Ireland , how can it exist so long as the people say , `` It is not myself , but the law , that imposes this disqualification ; because the law says I am a person whose loyalty can not be trusted . '' Then I ask you , what hope there is for a country , whose religious animosities are thus excited ? The memory of former contests can never be extinguished , so long as you continue a degrading system of exclusion , pointed at one class of subjects . These , my lords , are the reasons why I wish you to give way . I am perfectly persuaded , that , trifling as the privation appears in your eyes , it is not inconsiderable in theirs . I conceive , that not a little advantage would result in this and other parliaments , from having representatives known to be of their own persuasion . If they had such persons to represent them , however few they might be , they would feel , that whatever their complaints were , whether real or unfounded , they would be attended to . They would feel more confidence , than when they are told , that you have shut your doors against every person of their community ; and that you will not suffer any person of their description to enter the threshold of the legislature , because he holds religious opinions injurious to the safety of the state . What other conclusions can they draw ,