papist clergy if found in Ireland , the one seeming unjust , the other cruel , and neither necessary . '' [ Carte 's Life of Ormond , Vol . II . p . 535 . ] And here , sir , suffer me for one minute to fix your attention on this invaluable document under the hand of a witness so much above all exception . In the first place , it establishes the fact , that catholics did then sit in parliament ; otherwise how would it have been unjust to deprive them of that which they did not enjoy ? And thus it sweeps away at once all the rubbish of violent and illegal resolutions . Which the learned member who addressed you last night , raked together from the journals of the Irish house of commons in times of intestine confusion , which , if those unjustifiable regulations had even been carried into effect ( though they do not appear to have been ) would have vitiated all their 974 authority . But , sir , it goes much further . It establishes the more important fact , that the catholics of Ireland , who down to the revolution held seats in both houses of parliament ; aye , sir , and high places in the state too , had been found faithful to their trust . The lord-lieutenant , not a stranger sent among strangers , but a man , who during forty years had taken a leading part in the government of that his native land , and who had himself been a conspicuous actor in the suppression of that formidable rebellion and the retaliation of that pretended massacre , which at this distance of time some men affect to consider as an excuse for every mode of legislative persecution ; the duke of Ormond , a lord-lieutenant so qualified as I have described him , pronounced `` the severity of the law , which first excluded the catholics from parliament , to be contrary to justice , and warranted by no political necessity . '' Such then was the condition of the catholics in this essential respect at the epoch of the revolution . What then followed ? Did the charter of the revolution touch the members of that church in Ireland ? It was not till the third year of William , that they were excluded from the parliament of that kingdom ; and it is notorious that in measures of penal restriction and prohibition against his catholic subjects , that great and wise prince did not obey his own judgment , but yielded reluctantly to the temper of the times . For his own proper sentiments we must look to his own proper acts . In the articles of Limerick , signed by his favourite general and the lords justices a little before the law which I have mentioned passed here , and in the ratification of those articles by himself , notwithstanding that law , we read the pure dictates of his own policy . He there engages himself to put the catholics , in regard to their religion , on the footing on which they stood in the reign of Charles the IId ; and to endeavour , whenever he could summon a parliament in Ireland , to procure new provisions for their greater security . Nor is the sort of relief , which he designed for them , left dubious . There is an express stipulation , that no oath should be administrated to them , save the oath of allegiance alone . Let me not be told that the parliament of England remonstrated against the articles of Limerick ; let me not be told that the parliament of Ireland some years after defeated the purpose of them , by superadding the condition of the other oaths , which catholics could not conscien- 975 ciously take . I know it ; perhaps I may grant the abstract right of both parliaments to do what they did : but in them I see the operation of popular prejudices ; in the conduct of the glorious champion of the protestant