or interested motives in those who were concerned in the arrangement which brought it about . Ireland was 14 literally a bankrupt at the time of the Union , and had been getting worse ever since ; it was obvious , therefore , that Ireland could not discharge her share of the unequal contract entered into for her , and of course that England should ultimately pay all . He contended , that by borrowing so much money this year , Ireland increased the proportion of its debt compared with that of England , and of course must extend the time for equalising the burthens , which was proposed by the Act of Union . He again insisted that there would be no occasion for flew taxes in that country , if the government should call in the arrears now in the hands of the collectors of the revenue , and said he was determined to give his negative to the resolution . replied , that he had no objection to apply the balances in the collectors ' hands to the purpose mentioned by his right hon . friend who had just sat down , but the difficulty was to get it paid . Situated as both countries were at this moment , would it be wise or politic to leave the supplies , or any part of them , dependent on mere contingencies ? It was impossible to make up the accounts so precisely as not to leave some of the money in the commissioners ' hands . It was the practice from time immemorial to do so ; and he was convinced from his own experience , that the object of his hon . friend was unattainable , and this could not therefore be taken into serious consideration as a certain fund for the exigency of the moment . His hon . friend would also apply the surplus of the Consolidated Fund in the same manner ; but did he not know that the whole of that surplus was to be appropriated by Parliament to the paying off certain arrears , for which it was intended ? If it were taken away , there would be no fund then for this purpose . His hon . friend likewise took credit for 2 millions , as if the money had been in the treasury . This was certainly as great an anticipation of the revenue as any which his hon . friend had charged to the government of Ireland . He hoped he would excuse him for saying , that the Public Accounts of Ireland were laid this year before Parliament much earlier than they had been ever laid before the Parliament of Ireland , on which account he should return his thanks to the officers , for having made up their accounts with such accuracy and promptitude . He paid the greatest attention to the observations of the hon . gent . but he did not hear any ground advanced which could induce him to withdraw or alter 15 the taxes which he had the honour of proposing . said he could not conceive why no account had been given of the 2 millions due from G. Britain to Ireland , ever since the passing of the Act of Union . Had that resource been stated , and resorted to previously to the budget , it must surely have superseded the necessity of resorting to new taxes , to the amount of 255,000l . It was surely full time that those accounts should be settled , as the committee formerly appointed had only met two or three times , and came to no determination . He expressed very strong objections to the proposed tax upon the importation of timber , as , whatever may be the case in the county of Louth , or those parts of Ireland with which the right hon . gent. ( Mr . Foster ) was best acquainted , it would operate very injuriously to the comforts of all the cottagers in those parts of Ireland with which he was particularly connected , where native timber was so scarce that they were obliged