in Ireland . You find the pretender supported by Rome , and yet that was the very time when the interest of his family in Ireland declined . In the present state of the affairs of Europe the influence of the Pope never can be attended with any serious consequences . If , instead of all this , every one of the propositions I have contradicted was true—if the catholic religion had a tendency to make its professors disloyal—if they were disloyal , and in connection with the French , I should then say the necessity that existed for repealing the restrictions was only the stronger—that it would the more become you to exert yourselves to contract that disposition by every measure of conciliation and harmony that could be devised . I should say , that the true allies of Bonaparté in Ireland would not be the catholic religion , but those who were endeavouring , and had endeavoured to excite and revive animosities , which had composed themselves and would gradually 668 compose themselves , and leave the country in a tranquil state . To argue the question with regard to the dissenters , I can not on this occasion . It is said , that if the restrictions are taken off the catholics , it will be necessary to repeal the test act . It would be a most absurd thing to say , because you grant a right to the catholics , you are therefore bound to grant an indulgence to the dissenters . Whether the dissenters have a right to the indulgence , I can not say , but I am sure that nothing can be more unjust than that the catholics should be deprived of their rights , because others are judged by you not entitled to any indulgence . There never was a proposition more shocking , or unfit to be argued . If , instead of having shewn you that there is no foundation for the dangers apprehended , the fact was otherwise , let me ask you whether the present system would not augment them ? I will admit that the catholics are as radically disloyal as they are represented , and then I come to the question , —What is the line of conduct to be adopted ? Shall 4,000,000 of persons entertain an irreconcileable hatred to your establishment ? There are two different lines of conduct to be adopted ; the one is that which was pursued by Queen Anne—the other the line which has distinguished the present reign . If their dispositions are such that you know they will exercise power to your destruction , your conduct must be like that of Queen Anne— you must take the power from them—you must take from them property , and the means of acquiring it : but I conceive that the wiser system would be endeavours to conciliate them . Has the system of restraint any tendency to ameliorate their condition ? Can any thing have a worse tendency than to tell them that you distrust their loyalty ? If such a system will neither conciliate the higher or the lower orders , can it have the effect you wish ? If there be any force in the opinion that you ought to refuse to enter into the consideration of this petition , it can arise from this circumstance only , that we are arrived at the point where it is necessary to make a stand , and concede no more . I doubt whether it would be prudent for the legislature to say , we will now tie up our hands . Whatever system is adopted by the legislature , ought to be on principles immutable , and containing lines of distinction so clearly marked , that no man can mistake their tendency or operation . 669 Now , let me ask , whether the point on which these laws stand is of this description ? You have conceded to the catholics all the civil rights necessary to fill all offices , with the exception of seats in parliament , and the heads of professions . If there is any