a test which at this time of day may not be considered as very essential , but which no class of christians has any objection to take . It has enacted a declartion against transubstantiation , and other popish articles of faith ; a declaration most necessary at the time it was adopted , but which might be stated , perhaps with some degree of plausibility , to be a mere doctrinal test , and , though applicable to doctrines which are at variance with the religious opinions of the established church , not more so than many of the sentiments of certain classes of dissenters : but it has enacted the oath of supremacy and I appeal to all considerate men , whether , as long as the catholics refuse to take that oath , it oath , it could be safe 681 to admit there into the two houses of parliament . I desire it may be considered , what is the purport of the oath of supremacy : it does not call upon individuals even to declare his majesty head of the church , as he is by law ; It calls upon them only to abjure all foreign dominion and jurisdiction ; and as long as the catholics decline taking this oath , could it be consistent with the security of the state , to consider them as competent members of the legislature of a protestant and independent country ? But in addition to these considerations , arising out of the importance of the tests themselves , particularly the latter , I am convinced it would be highly inexpedient for the interest of Ireland to repeal these tests , and thereby enable Roman catholics to become members of the legislature . In the first place , it would not satify them ; and I should consider , that to add to their political power by means which would not satisfy them , would be the greatest degree of imprudence . In the second place , though it might benefit a few individuals ; instead of being advantageous , it would be highly injurious the great mass of the population of Ireland . In the year 1793 , the elective franchise in the counties was granted to the Roman catholics of Ireland . This was considered at the time to be a great boon to them , not so much on account of the political power which it bestowed upon them , as because it placed the catholic tenantry upon the same footing with the protestant tenantry , and afforded therefore to landlords the same inducements to favour and conciliate the one as the other . The practical effect of it has , however , been to produce in the counties of Ireland something approaching very near to universal suffrage ; as the law stands at present . No great inconvenience is , however , felt from this circumstance ; they can vote only for a protestant candidate ; and , the great mass of property being in the hands of the protestants , the tenantry , according to the natural order of society , will generally follow their landlords . But I know it is the opinion of some of the persons best informed of the internal state of Ireland , that , if the doors of parliament were once thrown open to catholics , if catholics could once declare themselves as candidates in the different counties , the influence of the priests would be exerted in favour of the catholic candidates as such , and certainly against the protestants . The result would be , that the influence of property would be operating on 682 one side , and that of religion on the other . Such a state of things would not only produce much internal confusion find disorder , but it would operate most injuriously with respect to the lower orders of the people , who would unavoidably , in many instances and on many occasions , become the victims of these conflicting interests . I am therefore clearly of opinion than , upon general principles , it is to the highest degree