prelates , they could approve a measure , tending to the multiplication of oaths ? defended the clause at some length , and with much ability . He differed from a royal duke , for whose character and opinions he had the most profound respect , in his idea , that the alteration would tend to a system of increased severity ; on the contrary , he thought , by providing additional securities for the correctness of the proceedings , it must have an opposite effect . With regard to the appeal made by another illustrious personage , to the rev . bench , if it went for any thing , it 29 involved an application to the bishops to bring in a bill to abolish the administration of oaths in general . Upon the whole , thinking the system of regimental courts martial would be every way ameniorated by the clause , he felt it his duty to support it.—The question being put their lordships divided , when there appeared for the clause 22 , against it 13 , majority 9 . The bill being gone through without any amendment , the house was resumed , and the report of the bill forthwith received.—Adjourned . Before I proceed to the notice which I propose to give this day , I beg leave to ask the noble lord on the other side a question for information , very fit to be given to the house , and materially connected with the subject which I mean to bring under their consideration . By the papers on table it appears that the war now or lately carried on in India against Holcar , was declared by lord Wellesly so long ago as the 16th of April , 1804 , and I presume must have been in his contemplation some time before that date . This we know indirectly through the government of Bombay . My question is , whether at this day the Court of Directors or the Select Committee have received any direct communication have received any direct communication from lord Wellesley of the orgin and the motives of this war ? —My answer to the question put to me by the hon . gent . is that , at this day , no advices have been received directly from lord Wellesley , concerning the origin and the motives of the war with Holcar . —The fact of itself deserves the attention of the house ; since nothing can be more precise and peremptory than the injunction of the law , by which the Governor General and Council are ordered , in all cased where hostilities shall be commenced , to communicate the same to the Directors , by the most expeditious means they can devise , with a full state of the information and intelligence upon which they shall have commenced such hostilities , and their motives and reasons for the same at large . I now , sir , beg leave to give notice that it is my intention , with permission of the house , to bring under their consideration a general view of the state of the British dominion in India , and to make a motion 30 thereupon , as early in the week after next as may should with the convenience of the house . Sir , it would be desirable for any man , who wished to bring into view a question of great extent and consequence , and for me more than any other , that his audience should be in some degree possessed of the general nature of the subject . I can not hope , though I very much desire it , that many gentlemen will have taken the trouble to examine attentively the whole of these voluminous papers relative to the late and present war with the Mahrattas . To save them some trouble and perhaps to invite them to read more and to enter farther into the inquiry , there are a few principle documents which I think will give a general insight into the subject , and engage them to proceed , and which I therefore beg leave