476 baronet was to blame in what he did on the subject of that expedition ; that was a point which was not now before the house . The question at present was , whether the evidence of lord St. Vincent was , or was not correct , and it really appeared to him perfectly correct . said that whatever might be doubtful , thus much indisputably appeared on the face of these papers ; that the transaction which occasioned the expence , the expedition which had been so frequently repented , was a measure perfectly well known to lord St. Vincent ; that to the expence being incurred , he had no objection ; that he objected afterwards only to its being defrayed out of naval money— ( a cry of hear ! hear ! ) said , that lord St. Vincent knew of the transaction of some secret service was a fact ; but that lord St. Vincent disapproved of and protested against the application of naval money for that purpose , was equally indisputable ; no naval money was , either directly or indirectly , issued for that purpose under the authority of that noble earl . His answer was given to the commissioners of naval enquiry with reference to his assent to the naval money being employed to the purpose of that Secret service , which assent he most indisputably never gave . Lord St. Vincent was , therefore , perfectly right in that sense , when he said he knew nothing of the transaction . said , that as far as his recollection went , it did appear to him that the noble earl was quite incorrect in the statement he made before the commissioners ; for it appeared from the communications of sir A. S. Hamond , that the noble earl not only knew of and approved the secret service , but that he also assented to providing the funds for it . Most certainly the impression on his mind was directly the reverse of that felt by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Grey ) opposite to him . said it would appear , that his lordship directed that the comptroller of the navy should have funds for defraying the expenses of the expedition , and he would beg to know whether these funds . were to come from his own pocket , 477 or from the money of the navy . This letter was written by lord St. Vincent , in which he told sir A. Hamond that his lordship was satisfied the service ( that was , the secret , or stone expedition ) would be properly performed . Here the hon . baronet alluded to the letter of lord Hobart , of the 7th of March 1804 , and of earl St. Vincent on the 9th , wherein his lordship said , `` It as thought advisable under the present circumstances of the war , that an attempt should be made for the prosecution of a project for choaking up the harbour of Boulogne , the success of which will depend on secrecy and dispatch . I have the king 's commands to inform you it is his majesty 's pleasure that you take this under your immediate control , and communicate in confidence with Mr.———supplying him with such funds , and giving him such orders for the purposes of protecting the vessels , and supplying stones and other materials , which may be judged necessary to be embarked , as shall be requisite for accomplishing the object in view . The advance you may have occasion to make for this service shall be hereafter repaid from the treasury . The vessels will proceed to the Downs , and you will receive orders from lord Keith . '' Another letter on the following day from the noble earl to sir A. S. Hamond stated , `` I received your letter of yesterday inclosing instructions from lord Hobart for an expedition on the naval service , and which I have no doubt will be well performed ; but as the whole expence is to be defrayed by the treasury ,