would not prefer unexercised men to those disciplined militia , who would never make good troops . He did not say that the militia were not in every respect equal to the regulars in training ; in many instances they were accustomed to equally severe discipline , but from the nature of the service there was always something hanging about a militia-man which rendered him more untractable than was consistent with the well-being of the regular service . He did not mean in 126 this to argue that should ever be taken from the militia to the line , but never without great emergency.—Another objection was much more extensive , and was founded on a remark which he had formerly made , that measures ought to be adopted wholly and not partially , as in the present instance , because the success often depended on the union of the several parts . In the plan which he had formerly proposed , the right hon . gent . seemed to have forgot that he had included service for a limited term of years , and the improvement of the condition of the soldiers . If this were adopted , people would flock to the army like bees , as long as you had a hive to receive them . He allowed that , if necessity required , he himself would be ready to take stronger steps with respect to time militia than the present , and he considered the mitigations allowed by the right hon . gent . as the most convincing proofs that the necessity of the measure was not felt.—He regarded these expedients so frequently varied , as the ruinous resources of a spendthrift prodigal , who , to supply the want of the moment , cuts down the young timber of his estate , which in a little time would be double its present value . Those ministers who had reproached their predecessors with inefficiency , had found that they could not get through their own measures for six months . The shifts resorted to front day to day , by them , was an argument for the committee he had had the honour on a late occasion to propose . He did not believe this measure was in contemplation when the parish bill was introduced , which was a proof , that the system of ministers was temporary and unstable . Thus the parish bill , which was to produce 27,000 men , of which 9000 were to be allowed to go into the regulars every year , and to be supplied again from the country , had produced about 2000 , which was nearly the same proportion a tailor bore to a man . Thus , instead of the full grown man that had been promised , the country must now content itself with this miserable tailor 's apprentice . The house was in fact reduced to subsist upon its votes , as a noble lord had very properly expressed it on a former occasion . The house had voted the measure of last session , in the hope that it would produce recruits for the army to a great amount . The hope had failed . Now this measure was called for with similar promises , and it was unknown what 127 other equally infallible expedient was in reserve , if the promised hope should not be fulfilled . The measure now proposed would be attended with great inconvenience , and the officers of the militia were averse to it . He took occasion to revert to the irritation with which his hints at the propriety of reducing the militia had been formerly received . He then admonished the friends of that system , that they had less to apprehend from those who openly attacked them , than from those who afforded them a treacherous defence . ( see vol . 3. p 606 ) . There was a Spanish proverb , which said , `` protect me from my friends , and I will guard myself against my enemies . '' This applied well to the militia in the present instance . The right