assistance of Ireland , and therefore the catholics were disarmed . It might have been wise so to do . That there were bigoted motives actuating some I will not attempt to deny— there were many persons in this , as well as that country , who were of opinion , that by these persecution they should convert to the protestant the property of the whole kingdom of Ireland : other there were , who 840 * thought that more lenient measures were likely to be more successful . The effect proved that the measures adopted not only failed , but they were of a nature which rendered their success absolutely impossible . They were laws which , though nominally against the catholics were substantially against the jacobites . In the two next reigns the same laws continued , because the same spirit was supposed to exist , and the same danger to be apprehended from it . In the rebellions which followed , the conduct of the catholics in remaining quiet , gave them a just claim to the indulgence of the house ; yet no man who considers the grounds of those rebellions , will think that any degree of trust could have been reposed in the catholics.—We come now to the period of his present majesty 's reign : a period at which all danger of a pretender , and the return of the Stuart family to the throne , was extinguished . I should certainly say , that all danger of that nature had vanished in the latter end of the reign of George II. , and that there was no longer any dispute as to the succession to his majesty 's crown . From that period no further danger existed . During the lord-lieutenancy of the duke of Bedford , at the time of his majesty 's accession , the system of relaxation towards the body of the catholics was adopted . There was a remarkable circumstance at the period to which I am referring , that proves to me more clearly than any thing else , that the causes of these restrictions were at an end . So far Was the lord-lieutenant of Ireland , during the American war , and the war with France , from pretending that there was any danger to be apprehended , that upon an alarm on the coast of Cork , arms , though contrary to law , were put into the hands of those against whom the restrictions remained , on account of the unjust suspicions that they were not worthy of being trusted . Then undoubtedly there was a good deal of difference of opinion ; for although there was not much doubt in this house , yet gentlemen must know that the catholics of Ireland were the subject of much consideration . I need only refer to the letters published by the late Mr. Burke relative to the conversations in those days . I remember in 1776 or 1777 , the matter being mentioned in a conversation in this house . It became a topic of discussion ring the period of the American war , when party politics ran high , and when persons felt warm , as undoubtedly they ought to feel upon occasions such public im- 841 * portance . The opinion then was , that it was a desirable thing to liberate the catholics from the disqualifications which attached to ; and I rather believe that the real grounds of the motion , and the bill , moved and seconded by two celebrated names , sir George Saville and Mr. Dunning , were not so much to relieve the catholics of Ireland . I did conceive , that to bar a man of his right on account of his religious opinions , was tyranny , that the maxim of salus populi never could apply , because the safety of the people could not operate as a ground for preventing a man from enjoying his religious opinion . A great disposition was shown to follow up the system of relaxation . It was thought that what had been done might lead to a