of commons has decided on it , and where there is ground of suspicion that he has swerved one hair 's breadth , one scruple beyond his duty , it is necessary for the dignity of the house of commons , and for the satisfaction of the people of this empire that he should not again execute his office , and that others should be deterred from acting in the same 334 way . With this view , I shall move an humble address to his Majesty , praying his majesty to remove lord Melville from his councils for ever , and from all offices held during pleasure of the crown . The noble lord is not the only one by many who has given in his resignation to his majesty . The right hon . gent . opposite has heretofore done the same . But if lord Melville is suffered to retire with his dignities and riches , his resignation will not afford a satisfaction to public justice ; and beyond that I do not wish to proceed . As to the punishment the noble lord , if the public Was not concerned , I would say , `` go forth , let us hear of you no more . '' That which he has suffered by the disgraceful situation he has exposed himself to , is infinitely more than I wish him to feel : but the end of punishment is example , and unless he is punished beyond what he has already suffered , he is not sufficiently punished . We know that lord Melville , down to a very late period , has had the confidence of the crown ; that the confidence of the crown has been expressed towards him so strongly , that , since the last administration , an addition of 1,500l . a year for life has been conferred on him . It is on the table , printed and known to the whole world , that after lord Melville 's having retired to Scotland , I should have supposed for life , he was—by the exigencies of the country ? no , but by the circumstances of the right hon . gent . opposite , called from his retirement , and given a situation of the greatest responsibility the crown had to give , except that which the right hon . gent . himself holds . He was to receive the emoluments of such office . That was not enough ; he was to have 1,500l . a year more . That was not enough ; for in case he retired , he was to have a grant for life—a patent office ; for so long as he should hold the privy seal of Scotland he was to have 1,500l , a year . That is a man therefore under no ordinary circumstances . At the time of this advance , which perhaps it may be necessary to enquire into , there was also a grant to lady Melville of 1,500l . a year of the money of the public , for which no service has been rendered , granted , if not in a clandestine manner , at least in a way that those who affixed the seal to the patent did not understand the nature of it . What office lord Melville holds during pleasure , besides the one which he has resigned , I do not know ; I do not know that a pension of the kind I have stated can be valid ; or whether , supposing a ser- 335 vant of the crown to have misconduct himself , such a pension may not be revokable ? If it is , it ought to be revoked ; if it is not , so much more the pity . Having taken up more of the time of the house than I at first intended , I shall not longer intrude upon their attention , meaning to conduct myself as becomes me towards the members of the house , and particularly those who agreed with me , and trusting that those who disagreed with me on a former