ordered that there be laid before the house a copy of a letter from the Comptroller of the Navy to the Board of Admiralty , dated 22d April , 1805 , on the subject of the evidence printed in the 11th Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry ; together with copies of 430 sundry papers therein referred to.—Mr . Creevey referred to some observations which had been made some time since on the subject of the revenue of the Isle of Man . It might be recollected that it was then stated that the surplus of the revenue of that island for six years had amounted to the sum of 20,000l . Upon enquiry into its application , it was said that in the year 1802 , the sum of 3,000l . had been paid into the Exchequer , and passed over to the consolidated fund , notwithstanding there was a specific act of parliament against such application . Of course there was the sum of 17,000l . remaining for the purposes of the island . The hon . member then gave notice , that he would on Friday next move for a committee to enquire into the application of the remainder of the surplus revenue of the Isle of Man . On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the order of the day for balloting a Select Committee , was read . The serjeant at arms having , in pursuance of order , gone to the speaker 's chambers , the court of requests , and places adjacent , to summon the members , the balloting proceeded . When all the names of the members had been read by the clerk , and when those who chose to vote had deposited their lists in the balloting , glass , moved , that a committee be appointed to examine the lists , and to report to the house the names of the twenty-one members who had the majority of votes . rose , and said he had still stronger reasons now than he had yesterday , for his objection to the mode of proceeding by ballot . He was then apprehensive that such a mode would , in fact , subject the nomination of that committee to the influence and dictation of a minister . This day he found those apprehensions strengthened , by a very confident rumour circulated , upon he knew not what authority , that , notwithstanding all the apparent fairness and impartiality of a ballot , vet that the names to be returned upon the committee were pre-determined by the minister ; by which the business of the ballot was converted into a solemn mockery , and rendered wholly nugatory as to the obvious intentions of the house . A list of those names had been this day put into his hand , which he would now read in his place—Lord Castlereagh , Mr. Whit- 431 bread , Master of the Rolls , Mr. W. Windham , sir W. Scott , Mr. T. Grenville , Mr. Ryder , lord George Cavendish , lord Dunlo , lord W. Russell , Mr. Leycester , Mr. St. John , Mr. Foster , Mr. H. Lascelles , sir H. Mildmay , Mr. S. Thornton , Mr. J. Fane , lord Boyle , Mr. Cartwright , Mr. Hawkins Brown , Mr. Gunning.—If the list of the committee to be returned by the scrutineers should tally with the names he had read , the fact he had just stated would be too palpable to admit of the smallest doubt ; and by that circumstance he should be guided in such steps as he should feel himself bound to adopt under such a circumstance . Many of the names in this list were undoubtedly of high respectability , and highly eligible ; but every man must be sensible , that many others of them were men whose situations and known sentiments rendered them totally ineligible to any thing like fair and impartial enquiry upon the subject of the Tenth Report of the Naval Commissioners . If the names of those members should appear upon the list of the committee