house , that the object of that , or any other measure he should propose , was not meant as a party job , or a provision for any individual , but purely founded on the report of the committee . If , however , the house should not think proper to assent to the motion , he hoped the house would take care that the grand juries should be compelled to make returns of the provisions they should make , in compliance with the act of the 27th of his majesty . expressed himself against the bill , which he thought to be unnecessary , when sufficient powers were already given to the grand juries . said he would oppose the present bill , but was ready to support any other , which would accomplish the same objects in a better manner . thought the law at present competent to attain ail the objects of the bill . said , that finding the sense of the house to be against the bill , he should beg leave to withdraw it , but not with the intention of bringing in another.— The amendment was then agreed to , that the bill should be read a third time this day six months.—Adjourued . The royal assent by Commission was given to the Customs Duty , Excise Duty , Legacy Duty , and eleven private bills.— A Copy of the Letter from Viscount Melville to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , together with the answer of the Commissioners , were presented at the bar , and ordered to be printed . —Lord Hawkesbury moved the Order of the day , for the commitment of the English Militia Enlisting bill . The house having resolved itself into a committee , he moved , if noble lords had not objections 209 to propose to any of the clauses , that the bill should be read short , which was accordingly done , and an order made , on the motion of his lordship , that it be read a third time on Monday.—Lord King wished to asked of the noble secretary of state , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's Ministers to propose any bill for prolonging the commission of naval enquiry , which , owing to the arrangements that had been adopted for the opening of the present session , would expire with the session ? If ministers did not think preper to renew a commission , from which so much advantage had been derived to the Public , he would feel it incumbent on him to bring forward a bill to that effect . Lord Hawkesbury was not aware that his majesty 's ministers had come to any determination on the subject , but he understood , from What had passed in another place , that time would be allowed to them to finish the important enquiries in which they were engaged.—The Irish militia enlisting bill , and several private bills , were brought up from the commons . The Irish Militia enlisting bill was read a-first time , and , on the motion of lord Hawkesbury , ordered to be read a second time on Monday.— On the commitment of the American ships licence bill , lord Sheffield expressed his disapprobation of the principle of the bill , and protested against extending such advantages to foreign ship owners , when the ship owners of this country were , many of them , notoriously in a state . of insolvence , occasioned , by want of employment for their tonnage . It was not , however , his intention , to divide the house on the bill . The was then reported.—Adjourned . The Speaker , attended by the house , proceeded to the house of peers , and being returned , he reported that the house , at the desire of the lords , authorized by virtue of his majesty 's commission , had been at the house of peers , Where a Commission , under the great seal was read , giving the royal assent to the following public and private bills , viz , An act