direct that there be laid before the house , a copy of the order of council , of the 31st March last , in favour of the claims of John Duke of Athol . '' Agreed to.—Col . Stanley moved for a copy of the memorial presented to the privy council by John Duke of Athol.—Mr . Curwen rose to move for several additional papers relative to the Duke of Athol , and wished for the production of copies of all the papers of the proceedings relative to the compensation granted at the time of the sale to Government , in 1766 . Mr. Rose observed , that the most regular way of proceeding would have been for the hon . gent . to have given previous notice of his motions . The speaker having acquainted the hon . member that this would have been more conformable to the rules observed by the house , Mr. Curwen named to-morrow.—Mr . Foster brought up the Irish Spirit Permit Duty bill and the Irish Small Note Restriction bill . Read a first time.—The keeper Rates bill , the Spanish Trade Licence bill , and the American Treaty bill , were severally read a second time.—The Alien Prize Ships bill , the American Goods bill , the Irish Customs and Excise Duty bills , and the Spanish Wine bill , went through a committee . In the committee on the Spanish Wine bill a clause was inserted , for imposing the same duties on Spanish red wines as on French wines , on the ground that the Present cheapness of Spanish red wines was the occasion of their being made use of to adulterate port . pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill to amend the act of the 33d of the king , which prescribes the powers to be given to the India company in the appointment of a commander in chief of the forces in India , and regulates the duties of the governor general in council at Bengal . In making this motion , 133 however , he must inform the house , that it was not his intention either to make any material alteration in the forms or add considerably to the expence of the establishment . But , in the event of an exalted military character taking the chief command of the forces in the field , he thought that it would be of essential benefit to the service , and would tend to the further security of our possessions in that quarter , if the person who was to have the chief direction and management of our armies in the field should have an opportunity of sitting in the council and giving his advice or communicating his information on matters that were intimately connected with their welfare . He should therefore propose , that the commander chief should have a place in the council at Fort William . When that illustrious personage that noble and gallant officer , the marquis Cornwallis , was formerly in India , as the office of governor general and that of commander in chief are both united , and as he was a military man of great experience , and possessing the utmost ability , he had the direction of the councils and the management of the armies in the field at the same time , but for the latter duty he had no emolument , notwithstanding his bravery and success are known so well to have deserved the utmost compensation . By his exploits and from circumstances which have since happened , our territories in the East have considerably increased since the time of that noble and gallant officer having first taken the field , and gentlemen need not be told that the duties of the civil govt . of our possessions in the East must consequently have become more numerous , and that it must require more time and a greater degree of attention to direct the civil affairs of the company in the East than it did at the distant period to which he alluded . And , in the event of the person