the Exchequer ) knew the dismay in which the city was on this subject . It was conceived that great mischief had been done , and that the occasion of that mischief had arisen from the neglect of government . Whether that was , the case or not , he would not say , but he wished to put some questions , with a view , to ascertain whether proper measures had been taken for the security of our possessions and property in that quarter , that if such measures had been taken the knowledge of the fact might do away the alarm . If such measures had not been taken , it would be proper to enquire why they had not ? He should if it were necessary , move for such papers as would give information of all the measures taken since the commencement of the war , for , the security of our West India Colonies ; but he would content himself in the present instance , with inquiring what information government had with respect to the sailing of the Rochfort squadron , its , force , its destination , and at , what time this information had been received ? He should wish also for the instructions given to Admiral Cochrane , and the dispatches received from that Admiral from off Lisbon . He wished to know , whether that Admiral sailed for the West Indies , and at what time , and what force he had with him ? If these questions were satisfactorily , answered , any motion on the subject would 223 be unnecessary , as the time was passed when the disclosure they led to , could be of importance to the enemy . felt himself under the necessity of objecting in the strongest manner , to the questions proposed by the hon . gent . The time was by no means passed , when the disclosure of the particulars required would be of importance to the enemy . On the contrary , it might be of the most material consequence to make these particulars known to them at present . He was certain , however , that when the proper time should come it would be evident that there was no neglect on the part of his majesty 's government , and as he was sure the alarm that existed was beyond all proportion and almost altogether unfounded . said there were other papers to which his attention had been called , but if the disclosure of them was of any importance he would not press it . The papers he alluded to were , an account of our naval force in the West Indies in the last year ; and a similar account for the ten years previous . The object was to shew , as he understood these accounts would , that the force in that quarter since the commencement of the war , was not greater than that which had been kept there during the peace . He gave notice , that he would move for these papers on the first open day . in pursuance of notice , rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Property Act . One of his objects , he said , was , to give more effect to the regulations respecting the abatements ; another was , to make some new provisions relative to leases for lives . It was also proposed to have a separate provision with respect to charitable corporations . There were also some minor regulations , unnecessary to be stated , as he meant , as soon as he had introduced the bill , to move for its being printed . hoped that some means would be taken to render the abatements less inconvenient with regard to persons who had annuities . Those who paid such annuities , made it a general rule to deduct the 5 percent . without considering whether the annuitant was a person who was entitled to the benefit of the abatements . Probably the right hon . gent . had this in view ; if not he