This is a point which must also be referred to the committee . There are other circumstances , particularly the circumstance which relates to Mr. Jellicoe . This is one of the strongest features of the case , and has made a strong impression on the public , and every person who has heard of it . It is not only lord Melville who is accused , but the commissioners of the treasury . It will be for them to shew upon what ground they granted a quietus to Mr. Jellico , to the amount of 24,000l . To persons who are in the habit of constantly talking of millions , tens of millions , fifties , and hundreds of millions , and who could make a mistake in supposing that to be 186 millions which was only 134 millions ; the sum I have mentioned may appear trifling ; but I wish to know why a quietus was given for 24,000l . If it was only for 24 pence , the grounds ought to be enquired into I believe it will be found , that the lords of the treasury were to blame , and that it was obtained under false pretences.—Lastly , sir , there is a circumstance on which it is particularly important the house should have information , if it can be obtained . How it is to be obtained I do not know ; but things often come to light which we despair of developing . The most important point 333 on which I dwelt so long the other night , both as it affects the public and lord Melville , as well as his connections , is , whether he was or was not a participator in the peculations charged against Mr. Trotter . That fact is material to be ascertained , and if it is possible , the commissioners will ascertain it . The suspicious circumstances I stated on the last night—they have made a deep impression on my mind , and there has been no denial of them.—It is stated , by Dr . Swift , that two and two do not always make four . I am sure , according to lord Melville , four and four were not always equal . His lordship had , as the salary of his office , 4,000l . a year ; no duties attached to it , but it was clear of all deduction . We heard lord Melville state how he was oppressed by public business , that he had hardly time to rest at night ; but that it was necessary for the administration of public affairs they should not be entrusted to other hands than his own ; that it was necessary he should continue to be president of the board of control ; and that he should have the management of the war . But was it necessary too that he should be treasurer of the navy ? Undoubtedly there were always persons willing to receive the emoluments of office without doing the duty as well as his lordship . What does lord Melville do ? He gives up 4,000l . a year of his income , as secretary of state , and takes 4,000l . as treasurer of the navy . What does this prove , but that the one was better than the other ; that the one promised to yield more in future , that the one was male , and the other female , the one fruitful , the other not ; that the one produced only 4,000l . a year , and the other was productive of a great deal more . This is what , on reflection , more and more strengthens my suspicions , for suspicions I admit they are , and must be till they are confirmed : but whether they are confirmed or not , perhaps I do not feel that they Constitute the principal article of charge . The principal article of charge has been substantiated , has been acknowledged by the noble lord himself , under his own hand , and out of his Own mouth ; the house