raised on something , there is nothing on which a tax can fall so lightly as on foreign timber . It will certainly not affect the poorer classes . There is hardly a cabin of a poor man in Ireland that is made of foreign timber . I do not know of any cabin 10 that is not built of Irish timber . Perhaps in Waterford it may be otherwise , owing to its contiguity to the sea . The duties I propose are these : double the duties on all timber , except Deal , and half the duties on Deal . The reason why gentlemen should not be alarmed at this duty is , that it will not amount to a quarter of what is received in G. Britain . These duties altogether I estimate at 36,000l . The three or bur next taxes will not fall on the poor . One is a tax on Horses : not on agricultural Horses , but riding Horses , and Horses that draw carriages . The duty I propose will be much smaller than what is paid in England . It will be 3s . for a single horse . The next is a tax on Dogs . It will be of consequence to the poor people of Ireland , that instead of maintaining 5 or 6 dogs , only I should be allowed . The Horses I estimate at 400,000l . and Dogs at 8000l . The next tax I propose is on Curricles . Why should not curricles pay the same as four-wheeled carriages , as they answer the same purpose ? I propose that a curricle with 2 wheels shall be considered the same as a carriage with 4 wheels . There are another kind of carriages which do not pay duty . They are used as substitutes for chaises . I mean Gigs . Gigs are untaxed . I propose to put a small duty upon them . There is another species of carriages , called Jaunting Cars , or the Irish Vis-a-Vis . They form a great part of the luxury of those who have few other luxuries ; the tax , therefore , I shall propose upon them will be very light : I shall propose 5s . a piece . The whole of these duties , I expect , will produce 10,000l . a year . With respect to the next tax I propose , I am afraid some gentlemen will be angry with me ; I copy the example of England . It is well known that Bachelor 's pay very little towards the revenue : I propose an addition of 15s . on every bachelor 's male servant . This will produce about 4000l . The next tax I have . to submit to the committee is on Paper , Hats , and Auctions . This I expect will produce 12,000l . I propose to raise 20,000l . by a tax on the Post-office . An additional duty of 1d . a letter . With regard -to the post-office , I should mention , that it is in contemplation to recommend a measure for the prevention of the frequent robberies of the mails , by sending them in coaches . The best mode of carrying this into effect will be to recommend to grand juries to direct the making proper roads through which the mail coaches arc to travel , and with that view to take care that surveyors are appointed to make the roads 11 as complete as possible , and present those who neglect their duty . By this mode we shall take no money out of the public treasury , and no more than is absolutely necessary from individuals . There is another tax which I do not wish to resort to directly , but it is necessary I should mention it . I need not remind gentlemen , that in the year 1791 the hearth money duties were taken off the lower orders , and raised on the higher . Houses that had one hearth amounted to nearly 500,000 . There was comparatively very few houses that