, he had no objection . The causes of , many of them were of a very doubtful complexion . The nabob of Arcot was punished for the offences of his grandmother ; Cossim Ali Cawir for cultivating his country too well ; and others were set aside on different pretences : the Nizam we had , however , left , under what was called our protection . We made him our ally to get more territory from kiln , to maintain an army which we sent him , and which army was , in fact , to hold his country . He should not have said so much on this point , had not the noble lord spoken of the justice of our India wars in such a tone of triumph . He saw nothing to stop this principle of aggrandisement ; he saw no bounds but the wall of China , or the Russian empire , to our daily acquisitions of territory while this system continued . We were on the Mahratta borders . If they are disturbed , we are distressed . If they settled their quarrels , we were afraid they would have too much power . What was the true meaning of that word connection which the noble lord used ? It was not connection , but dependence on our military power in India . The natural consequence would be , speedily to take the whole country . After the conquest of the Mysore , the Peishwa refused to sign the treaty of alliance we had proposed to him ; but we took advantage of his misfortunes and flight , to force him to sign it , and he had not , after all , ever requested us to act upon it . We had adopted a kind of geographical morality , and a sort of policy of latitude and longitude for our own purposes in India , different from what we conceived of those things in Europe . Gentlemen could hear of the most terrible calamities in India without emotion , who , for a little finger ache at home , would dissolve in sentimental sorrow . The hon . and learned gent . concluded , by saying , that he should vote for the original motion , because it was meant with a view to the re-establishment of the principle sanctioned by parliament and the legislature , and not with a view to the crimination of any individual . observed , that the noble lord who moved the previous question , had stated that the Marquis Wellesley 's conduct in India had been approved of by the government of this country , and by the directors of the East India company , as had been transmitted to him by a committee in the regular course of official communication , that was an incorrectness founded upon a misunderstanding of one fact , namely , that the directors had approved of the conduct of the noble Marquis ; the fact was , that that question was never before the directors at all : this observation he thought was called from him after what the noble lord had said upon that subject to-night ; that noble lord had bestowed great attention to the affairs , and displayed Much ability in the conduct of the business of India in this country ; but notwithstanding what that noble lord had said , he owned he was unable to view what had of late years passed in India , in any other light than that of an infraction of the principle laid down at the time when the resolution was passed , by which we renounced conquest in India , for the purpose of an extension of territory . He was led to adopt this opinion from experience of the effect of the former Mahratta war , an event which had laid the foundation of all the debt we had incurred there . The diffusion of ourselves to so unlimited an extent , would be most injurious to us , for by it we should lose ourselves . With regard to the French power in India , his opinion