public were paid its pecuniary claims , long since indisputably proved , certain furious patriots , instead of living in splendour , would be put on the parish . In the future resolutions of the house of commons , in the future resolutions of all public meetings , we hope that an immediate attention to the enormous debts still due to the public by certain noisy individuals will be strongly recommended . `` —As soon as the clerk had read this last paragraph , rose up , and emphatically asked , —is this any palliation ? replied , that though it was no palliation , it afforded a good and sufficient reason for having the whole enquiry prosecuted with temper , particularly by persons whose families might appear to have been defaulters to a considerable amount . rose only to make a few observations . It was the less necessary for him to enlarge , as the house seemed agreed on the general question . He had no wish to discover any improper degree of heat on this or any other occasion , though certainly the honourable member who had so earnestly recommended moderation , had little of it indeed in his practice . He was not in the house when the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) gave notice of his intention to move on Monday for leave to bring in a bill to extend the powers of the commissioners of naval enquiry . He was happy to hear of this notice , and more so from the quarter whence it proceeded . If , however , the powers of the commissioners were to be renewed , it was necessary that their characters should stand high with the house and the public , and that such insinuations as those which the honourable member had thrown out should be loudly refuted . If they deserved the character that had been given of them by the 397 learned gent . ( Mr. Ward ) ; if the hon . baronet at the head of the commission merited the observation of the learned gent. , that he was not fit to be at the head of the commission , unquestionably if the commission was to be renewed , they ought not to be appointed on it . But , in order to vindicate the character of the commissioners from the effect of such insinuations , he felt it his duty to give notice , that on Wednesday next he should move the thanks of the house to the commissioners of naval enquiry . Moore contended that the commissioners had not reported of Mr. Wilson his having refused to answer any questions that might criminate himself , because it appeared by the report , that when asked whether he had derived any profit from the use of the public money , he had positively declared that he had not . The report of the commissioners only charged him with having declined answering questions which , in being answered , would expose the guilt of others . He should ask the learned gent . opposite , whether , if a witness were to decline answering questions of that description in a cause before the King 's Bench , he would not be committed to prison ? As to the conduct of the right hon . the treasurer of the navy , it appeared that the first application had been made to him on the 10th of July , a second on the 17th , and no answer having been returned , a third application had been made on the 2d of Oct. , and it was not till the 3d of Oct. that an answer had been returned , after he had taken the opinion of his majesty 's attorney and solicitor general , whether he was bound by the act to obey the precept of the commissioners . He put it therefore to the good sense of the house , whether the right hon . gent . had accurately acquitted himself of his duty ? When the right hon . gent . had been asked , on a former