it is their duty to provide for the carrying on of the recruiting service , in the way that shall produce the least trouble , injury , or inconvenience to the individual , or to any other branch of the public service ; some irregularities will take place , government can not prevent . Now , sir , as to another point , I perceive an attempt made to inculcate an idea , that by this measure I am heaping a burthen upon the landed interest , and that it is a cruel and unjust tax upon the land . The land , they say , has already paid for the men 's limited service in the militia , and , therefore , it is cruel and unjust to the landed interest , that 85 this man should be encouraged to extend his service more effectually , and that without any additional expense to the landed interest . A more singular and extraordinary argument than this I never heard . If I proposed to take away a man from the militia , and that another should be provided to supply his place , there would then be some consistency in the reasoning . I remember only one argument more that has been used , and requires an answer , The noble lord ( Temple ) has said , that at the time we are bringing forward this measure , we have also suspended courts martial , and that for the purpose of introducing insubordination into the Militia , and destroying its discipline , to facilitate the operation of the plan which I have proposed . Now , what is the actual state of the case ? Some amendments were found necessary in the Mutiny bill , and we therefore suspended the proceedings of Courts martial during the progress of the bill , in order that the parties to be tried should have the benefit of the amended act . But the bill has been passed , and the persons charged with insubordination or misconduct , to whom the noble lord alludes , . may , be brought to trial , and punished , if guilty . Of course , there is nothing in this argument that applies to the case . With regard to the course which I would recommend , I propose , with the leave of the home , to bring in the bill this night , that it should be read a first time , ordered to be printed , and that the second reading should take place on Tuesday , when such gentlemen as are inclined to oppose it , may come prepared with their objections . in reply , said , that recruiting , parties were sent expressly into the neighbourhood where militia regiments were quartered , for the express purpose of enticing the men to enlist , and did not take that course by chance . With regard to another point , he did not state merely that courts martial were suspended , but he complained also that the execution of sentences were countermanded in cases of trials already had . The question for leave to bring in the hill was then put , and carried , without a division . It was then brought up and read a first time.—Adjourned . —Counsel were further heard at considerable length , relative , to the 86 Scotch Appeal , Rochied v. kinloch , bart , Viz . Mr. Erskine , in continuation , on half of the Appellant ; and Mr. Clark , in part , on the side of the Respondent . The farther hearing was deferred till to-morrow.—The hearing of counsel was temporarily adjourned , for the purpose of the Royal Assent being given by Commission to the Marine Mutiny Bill , to lord John Thynne 's Indemnity , arid to six Naturalisation Bills . The lords Commissioners were , the Lord Chancellor , Lord Hawkesbury , and Lord Walsingham.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages . Among these , the Exchequer Bills bill ; the British Sugar Duties Drawback , the Spirits Warehousing , and the following Irish