. The precedent of the vote of thanks given to the commissioners of accounts did not apply , because these commissioners had not only given in a number of reports ; but the reports had been fully canvassed by a committee of the house . That committee had reported on the statements which the reports contained , and it was on this that tho vote of thanks was grounded . In this case , however , only one report had been minutely considered , and therefore he put it to the house , whether the vote of thanks would not be much fuller and much more comprehensive , if it were given after the reports were fully considered and digested . This he put to the consideration of members , though , as he had already declared , he should not press for any division of the house on the subject . As to the call which the hon . member had made on him for a clear statement of his objections to certain parts of the conduct of the commissioners , he felt it necessary to make a few observations . He fully admitted , that commissioners appointed to examine into great public abuses , ought to exhibit a proper degree of firmness as well as zeal ; but there was a mode of exhibiting that , which was at all times to be attended to . The truth was to be got at by all possible means , but the character of individuals should be as little as possible precluded from a fair opportunity of full discussion or subsequent vindication . In several cases a prejudice was created against individuals , before the report was fairly before the legislature , and therefore he thought , that any surmises to the prejudice of individuals which had transpired before the reports were completed , were not to be justified . He objected also , that the reports were drawn up and presented , without allowing individuals accused to justify their conduct , or indeed fully to , understand in what light the report would place their character . The commissioners had a right to use every means to come at the truth ; but then it was surely not inconsistent with the most rigid inquiry to call on individuals to explain their own evidence . It appeared that those commissioners refused the opportunity of explanation to several persons Whose names were mentioned , whose characters were affected by their reports ; and it was equally apparent , that had such op- 571 portunity been afforded , the characters of such men would not have suffered . This was particularly the case of the comptroller of the navy , who stood charged in one of the reports on the table , with having , contrary to his duty , applied money voted for the navy , to other services , without the knowledge of the first lord of the admiralty . Upon this head , it was , now obvious to every man , indeed a recent conversation in that house had made it so , that if the request of sir A. Hammond to the commissioners , to be allowed to explain , had been granted , the impression would have never gone abroad respecting that officer , which the premature report of the commissioners had created . It was not a little remarkable with reference to this point , that although lord St. Vincent was applied to by the commissioners for explanation respecting the Stone Expedition , which it was now quite clear was fully known to that noble lord , no opportunity of explanation would be granted to sir Andrew Hammond , notwithstanding his special request . There was another part of the conduct of those commissioners of rather doubtful propriety , if indeed it could be at all said to come within any notion of propriety . It was that which in the eighth report , alluded to the conduct of a grand jury . A person was charged with stealing casks at Plymouth , and a bill of indictment was preferred against him . This bill