of the right hon . gent . that there never was a moment when the militia was more inclined to volunteer into the regular army . While such a statement went forth to the public , it was requisite that the real state of the case should be explained . At a meeting of Lord Lieutenants of counties , and gentlemen interested in the preservation of the militia system , the right hon . gent . had assured them that every thing should be done in the gentlest manner possible , and that all pains should be taken to prevent the slightest insubordination in that part of the militia , whose limited services were to be continued . But how , in point of fact , did the matter stand ? He could on this subject take on himself to assure the house on the most unquestionable authority , that means of a very improper nature had even now been resorted to , to procure volunteers from the militia , and to detach them from their colours . He had himself the honour to be colonel of a militia regiment , and he had 78 been within these few days informed , by the officer who commanded in his absence ; that recruiting parties from the 1st battalion of guards had actually appeared among the men , and endeavoured to seduce them front their present situation into the regular army . A letter had been written on this subject to the colonel of this battalion of the guards , and his answer was , `` that these parties had gone down to places where militia regiments were quartered with the express view of receiving recruits from these regiments . ' When this was notoriously the fact , he hoped the house would hear no more of the delicacy with which the militia officers were to be treated . He would , on the contrary , maintain that such practices as those he had lust alluded to were the most degrading that could he conceived to the feelings of the militia officers . The right hon . gent . had often talked of his affection for the militia ; but he left it to the determination of the house how far such declarations were entitled to any degre of credit . Every one of the right hon . gent . 's acts relative to the militia seemed rather to Drove that he was axious for the total abolition of the militia system . Could there be a greater proof of this than the practice to which he had referred , which , though it . might not have proceeded directly from the right hon . gent . was a proof of the general disposition of government . He complained too that courts martials , as well as sentences of courts martials , were suspended . Though he allowed that this was for the purpose of applying the new clauses of the mutiny act , he could not help thinking that such a suspension at the present period was at all judicious . It had a great tendency to excite a spirit of insubordination , particularly in the militia regiments , combined with those arts of seduction , which he had felt it his duty to condemn in the severest terms . He was wholly adverse to the measure , as a direct tax on the landed interest . Every vacancy that occurred would operate as a fresh ' tax , and this too , after the solemn pledges to which he had referred . The Militia were now to be reduced to 40,900 , but how did the house know how soon it might be reduced to 20,000 , or what arts might be employed to encourage volunteering into the regular army . The noble lord here again alluded to the arts employed to detach the militia from their commanders , and touched on the pledges of the right hon . gent . to those present at the interview of which he had already taken notice . spoke to order , and thought his lordship ought not to allude to any