it to those noble lords who formed part both of the late and present administration , to reconcile this in the best way they could . said , that objections were made , both to the principle of the bill itself , and to the time when it was produced . The first objection was grounded on some supposition , that the measure was unconstitutional , It was true , that the term constitutional was applied with considerable latitude , according to the opinions noble lords entertained of public measures , By the statute 30 Geo II . the militia was to serve 3 years , and then was to be permitted to enter into the army , or to engage in any other occupation . What then could there be unconstitutional so directly opposed to the feelings of noble lords , as friends to the British monarchy , if , after a period of 2 years , they had the same privilege they would enjoy at the termination of 3 years ? Much had been objected on the ground of parochial expence ; but on a fair calculation , by this bill , little or no difference would be occasioned in that respect ; what was thrown upon the parishes in the way of ballot , would be counterpoised by the relief given in respect to the families of 17,000 men who would no longer receive 198 the same support . It had been said , that the officers of the militia almost universally were dissatisfied with this measure ; and the decision at a meeting of 32 officers at the St. Alban 's , had been conceived to be the general expression of the opinions of 500 officers , who composed that respectable body . This statement was wholly incorrect , no general conclusions could be drawn from such a circumstance ; many officers had already expressed their concurrence , and it might be more prudent if some others , in particular situations , would not be hasty in proclaiming their disapprobation . rose and spoke as follows : If every day did not convince me that public faith and public honesty were of little importance in the eyes of many statesmen , I should be indeed surprised at the proposition now under discussion , when the ministerial breath is scarce cold which held out to the country , before a consenting parliament who adopted the pledge , that this system , degrading to the militia , and of the highest injustice to those on whom it was an Unequal burthen , should never be again recurred to . We are , indeed , told that necessity , in the management of public affairs , has neither faith , nor honesty , nor law ; that the necessity of the existing moment will justify every deviation from the soundest principles of the past . We have been told that though it might be fit and proper , at one time , that the defensive force of the country , in time form of a militia , should be augmented at the expence of the land occupier , it was equally fit and proper , at another time , that the Militia should be reduced , and converted from an appropriated to a disposable force , All this , I am ready to admit , may be in possibility , and in the abstract true , and justifiable by an imperious necessity ; but parliament no doubt , expect the clearest proof of the peculiar necessity which is at this moment paramount to all other considerations , Necessity has been , however , truly called the tyrant 's plea ; and if parliament is , as it ought to be , a jealous parliament , watching with patriotic care over the rights and interests of the people , . it will distinguish between a necessity simply asserted , and that which is distinctly proved . We are told that this measure is no novelty : unfortunately it is not ; nor is it a novelty , in the long and changeful history of parliament , delivered down to us