to receive alterations , not only without violating the constitution , but so as at once to maintain it , to guard it from the incroachment of real violations , and by extending the sphere of its conservative power , to keep off the blights of time from the sacred body of the constitution . He would not admit that the bill would be a tax on the landed interest . The militia was originally , however , more a taxation on the landed interest than on any other . It was a wrong idea to suppose that the militia was raised for its own defence merely ; for what would be our situation , if . on the call of danger , the York or Lincoln militia were to refuse to serve any where but in its own county ? For these reasons , he thought the bill neither unconstitutional , unjust , nor oppressive . As to what was said of its being a breach of faith , it was not that , but a commutation . Still he admitted that nothing could justify the measure but the necessity of the case . With respect to men 's feelings , he could only say , that he neither felt himself insulted or degraded by the bill , and should say to his men , at the head of his regiment , `` Here , my lads , is a better way of serving your country , and I know you will choose the better way . '' He took notice of the remarks on the paper signed by the 32 militia officers , mentioned on a former night , and said , that although he was present at the meeting of these officers , he had never understood that any resolution was passed , and had never signed his name to any , although it did appear at the published resolutions of that meeting . said , that the hon . member was certainly present at the meeting , and expressed no sort of dissent from the resolutions . in explanation , did not deny having been present , but as to the resolutions , there were , in fact , none proposed while he was present , or none which , from the confusion and uproar , he could 136 understand . But , most certainly , he signed no resolution or resolutions whatever , and he cautioned gentlemen how they went to meetings in future , the resolutions of which might be inserted in the public journals , with their names , without their authorities . thought what might be the conduct of any gent . at a private meeting immaterial in the discussion of this bill . It was stated to be one of imperious necessity ; but if so , that necessity should be proved , and then every objection , though even of a much stronger nature , would give way before it . He did not suppose that it would abate the ardour of the militia officers in the defence of their country , but some great necessity should be shewn for the adoption of a measure , by which , without that , their feelings must be wounded . Under the present circumstances he must oppose it , as impolitic and unjust , although , if otherwise , he should take pride in turning over to the regulars such men as appeared most likely to obtain most distinctions in the field of battle . He could not approve the policy of this change , which could not give us an offensive force , while the threatened danger of the country required that the men should be kept at home . He was indeed sure , that the whole force and talents of the country should be concentered for its protection , but that should always be done with a proper reference to our mild constitution . In the year 1799 , there existed great political necessity , as we had then a gallant army , critically circumstanced in an enemy 's country , and for the purpose of rescuing and preserving