secrets . Five different times is Mr. Alexander Trotter examined , and he refuses to give the commissioners the information they require . He talks , indeed , of sums advanced for other departments of the government , and alludes to Mr. Long having repaid to him some of the sums so advanced . I am sorry that Mr. Long was not examined before the commissioners . I think his statements might have thrown a good deal of light on this subject . Though , however , Mr. Long was not examined before the commissioners , the fact of the advances is admitted by lord Melville in his first letter to the commissioners . Indeed this letter was altogether of an extraordinary complexion . It was , however , of a piece with his lordship 's evidence , and with his last letter , on both of which I shall , before I sit down , make a few observations . His lordship tells the commissioners that he can not give them the information they required , because he can not disclose confidential communications of government ; but his great argument is , that he is not in possession of the papers containing the advances to other departments , having , for mere amusement no doubt , committed them to the flames . I do maintain , that this avowal of the noble lord is highly culpable . The destruction of these papers was , in a person of his knowledge of business , a great crime and misdemeanor . He ought to have known that papers of such a description are the property of no individual ; they are the property of the nation . I recollect several committees complaining of the destruction of papers , and stating that , in consequence of such destruction , their inquiries were either retarded or altogether destroyed . To destroy public papers , referring to a recent date , does , in my 267 mind , imply something suspicious . I can not easily trace it to any other principle than a wish to prevent criminal proceedings from being unravelled , and accompanied with merited punishment . But it seems that the noble lord has not only destroyed his papers , he has also actually lost his recollection of the whole affair , though it had so recently occurred . This does , I confess , seem a little strange , that a person of his lordship 's great talents should labour under such a wonderful decay of memory . Of this , however , I shall say something more before I finish my observations . On the subject of these advances to the other departments , I condemn the practice in the strongest terms . I would in no case permit it to exist , but I could never for a moment suffer it to exist without explanation , and that too of the most satisfactory nature . Here , however , I hear the noble lord allowing that such advances were made , but he will give me no satisfaction as to the extent of the advances or the manner in which they were applied . In spite of the noble lord 's silence , we know that the navy service was not in a situation to allow great advances of money , and what an apology would it offer if a demand on the navy board could not be paid , because , forsooth , lord Melville , and Alexander Trotter his paymaster , had agreed to accommodate the other branches of the service with loans of the public money ? It may be said that the advances were to the secretary of state for important purposes . I shall not easily be brought to sanction these accommodations betwixt different servants of the crown . But lord Melville was minister at war , president of the board of control , and treasurer of the navy , all united in his own person , and here is a transaction , not betwixt two individuals , but one individual , uniting three different characters . It is Mr. Dundas lending Mr.