to furnish four several lists , but , on consideration , he found he could not furnish more than three , and even these not in the precise form required . These three , however , he did furnish in the most complete form in his power , from the documents which his office afforded ; and for any further information upon the subject he referred the commissioners to the books of his department , The report , however , in noticing this transaction , and his first answer , goes on to say , `` his accounts were afterwards made out , '' implying , as he conceived , that they were at first refused . Having said thus much , however , he hoped he should not be suspected of having thrown any impediment in the way of the commissioners , to whose object , fairly and liberally pursued , no man was a greater friend than he . He added , that he wished to stand well in the opinion of the house and of the public . He concluded by observing , that if he thought this motion well founded , that a case was made out against the noble lord , he should not lift up his voice against such a motion ; but he thought he did not ask too much , when he asked the house not to suffer itself by prejudice within , or by intimidation from clamour without , to take upon itself to decide without full and competent information upon the question now before them . rose , and spoke to the following effect : —Sir , I am satisfied that the right hon . gent . who spoke last , thinks , as he speaks , that there is matter in this business , highly deserving of the most serious consideration of this house . I am sure he thinks it a question highly deserving of a committee , for the purpose of proving the innocence and purity of Mr. Trotter ; for , from all I have heard of his character , I am certain if he did not think Mr. Trotter pure and innocent , he would not continue him in office . I think it right , sir ; to quote the right hon . gent . 's conduct , in proof of his sincerity ; for , I am sure he would not vote for farther delay , if not from a consciousness that it was necessary to the exculpation of Mr. Trotter . He surely would not . continue him in office , or act in any way , merely for the purpose of screening an 304 accused person from justice . But while I give the right hon . gent . credit for all this candour and regard for truth , there is one circumstance which strikes me as somewhat extraordinary . The right hon . gent . through the whole of his speech , uses the phrase , 'this charge , ' as if it were limited to one . Now , this is an error ; for there are several distinct and separate charges comprised in the offence . For example , one of the heads of accusation is , that lord Melville , the very , man . who proposed the law in question , and afterwards treasurer of the navy , did violate the provisions of that law , by conniving at the conduct of his paymaster taking the public money from the bank , and applying it to his own private profit and emolument . Is not this single , distinct , and substantive charge ? Has this any thing to do , in the , remotest degree , with accommodation afforded to another office ? or with the charge of a participation of gain with lord Melville ? Is not this , then , a distinct and separate accusation ? and , if so , how does it become necessary to its ascertainment , to inquire what office received the loan ; or whether Mr. Trotter divided the profits with lord Melville ? The right hon .