lord had been charged by the right hon . gent . now sitting beside him ( Mr. Foster ) with a scandalous misuse of money , in payments to persons in Ireland , to carry the union , and had sat mute . He felt convinced that the right hon . gent . opposite could not , from his usual accuracy , have made the charge , could he not have proved it . It was repeated last night . He would refer the noble lord to his right hon . friend . If he denied it , what if he examined Mr. Foster at the bar ? What might not turn out in these `` delicate transactions '' of lord Melville ? Was the noble lord a person fit for that committee ? Let the enquiry be 516 ever so severe and honest , the public would not be satisfied with such a committee , after such a charge which he ( Mr. W. ) offered to prove . He reckoned , therefore , such a motion not extraordinary , after what had happened , though not precedented.—The hon . member then alluded to his own name , and observed , that he would gladly withdraw from such a committee ; but if it appeared the general wish for him to remain on it , he should certainly take care to attend to it . Let him , however , be struck off , if any person thought his conduct in this business rancorous ; if they considered him a persecutor instead of a prosecutor ; or if they could see the folly he was accused of , respecting the alleged changes in the order of his motion . He liked his conduct the better for the censures he received from some persons.—After dwelling with great force on the modes attempted to screen lord Melville , and the limitations of the power of the committee , he maintained , that with the first majority of one , and the minorities since , the people of England , Scotland , and Ireland , went hand in hand , and applauded their justice and spirit . Was all talent gone ? Could no independent gentlemen be found to make up a committee for such a purpose as this ? He would put it to the gent . of the opposite side , whether they would make this committee a screen ; or a stalking-horse ? Would they have the public consider it as a cloak to cover lord Melville ? He thought he could name a gentleman , even in the place of the Master of the Rolls , though less able , yet whom the country would like better ; and this would apply more largely to the other objectionable persons . He could find persons as competent , and possessing more of the faith of the public . Instead of the name of the noble lord , he would propose a gentleman whom he had loved and respected from youth , but whom he had almost constantly opposed in politics , both in and out of that house ; with whom he must have sometimes had the heats and even the bitterness of contest—a bitterness of zeal and not of acrimony ; one who had given the right hon . gent . an independent support for years . This gentleman he had even within these few months opposed actively in his election to serve in that house , and he did not repent of it : he might do so again . He meant Mr. Baker , of Hertford ; a gentleman of talents , and anxiously laborious in every thing relative to public advantage , 517 and commanding every respect from all who knew him . He should therefore conclude by moving , `` that the name of lord Castlereagh be struck out , and that of Mr. Baker substituted in its room . '' said , if it were necessary that every member of a committee should constantly attend the duty , many of those now proposed ought to be excluded ; but this was not considered