said , as many of the motions contained papers , the revealing of which might be detrimental to the public service , he hoped the hon . gentleman would give him a copy of the whole , 633 that he might be able , in the mean time , to consider how far it might be proper to grant them ; to which Mr. Jeffery agreed.—Adjourned . The committee of privileges appointed to search for precedents relative to the message from the house of commons respecting lord Melville , sat from two o'clock till five , during which time no strangers were admitted.—Prayers were then read , after which the lord chancellor presented a petition frond the university of Oxford , praying that the restrictions on the Catholics might not be repealed , which was ordered to lie on the table.—The lord chancellor notified his intention of coming forward on an early day next week , with a motion for having some record or entry made on the journals , of the principle upon which the proceedings that hitherto obtained in the case of Mr. Justice Fox proceeded ; or , at least , as far as such principles were understood by some of their lordships . He was apparently about to move for a summons in reference to his contingent intention for Monday , but was informed , that a summons already stood for that day . On the order being read for the re-commitment of this bill , rose , and made several observations expressive of his hostility to the bill ; he particularly deprecated the discussion of a measure , which would so injuriously affect the lay patronage of the country , in so thin an attendance of lay peers . He thought , therefore , the consideration of the bill ought to be postponed , until a fuller attendance of the lay , peers should be obtained . There was another objection which struck him forcibly with respect to the bill , namely , its intrenching so materially , in his opinion , upon the statute of Mortmain . Though , he thought , in the present state of things and of religion in this country , great acquisitions to the church may not be expected from such a consideration ; yet , from persons in a dying state , particularly women , something in that way may be required . Yet still , its operation with respect to that statute was , he thought , a material consideration . He again pressed the idea of its being improper to discuss such 634 a measure with so thin an attendance of lay peers , and with such a body as presented itself on the reverend bench , he despaired of having his objections properly attended to . One or two of the reverend prelates having observed , that not many minutes ago there had been a remarkably full attendance of lay peers , the noble earl observed he was aware of that ; their lordships were tired out by listening to a very long conversation : he intimated an intention to move to have the bill postponed . observed , he should deem it incumbent on him to oppose such a motion : the noble earl should recollect , that the bill , both in principle and detail , had been again and again discussed ; with respect to the objection of the thin attendance of lay peers , a great number were in attendance not ten minutes before , who , if they thought with the noble lord , with respect to the operation of the bill on the lay patronage , would most probably have remained to express such apprehensions.— Some few remarks , in the way of explanation , were afterwards interchanged between the earl of Suffolk and the noble and learned lord , in which the latter observed there might be some peers who preferred their dinner to their duty ; and the former , seeming to think , as the proceeding then stood , it would be preferable not to trouble their lordships further at present , accordingly quitted the house