any further operations on the part of the house . The result had been favourable to the wishes of the house , and had rendered , in his opinion , this measure unnecessary . But why , he asked , such eagerness to follow up the blow that had been already give ? for this , he understood , was but a part of the measures that were intended to be adopted , and that other en- 352 quiries were also to be instituted . He should be told that it was to prevent the noble lord from ever again returning to his majesty 's councils ; but there was no probability , in his opinion , that he would again be restored . Indeed , he said , it might not be impossible but farther inquiries might lead to discoveries that might render an impeachment necessary . He did not by any means say that such would be the effect of farther inquiry , but that such might be the effect was not impossible . Should such , however , be the effect , it would then be time enough to have recourse to such measures , for at present he deemed them premature . It had been said , that the resolutions of the former night would prove ineffectual , would be attended with no material advantage , unless followed up by a measure of the description of that proposed by the hon . gent . ; but it was generally understood that night , he contended , when those resolutions passed , that no farther measures were to be adopted . Had this motion immediately followed the resolutions , it might have been considered as a necessary corollary to those resolutions , and might , as such , have met his support ; but the necessity of the measure no longer existed . The step proposed to the house was , besides , contrary to all the precedents with which he was acquainted . So far as his knowledge or experience extended , it never had been the usage of the house to address his majesty against persons out of office . Such was the case in respect to sir Robert Walpole , lord Ranelagh , and others whom the hon . gent . mentioned , against whom no address of removal had been presented to his majesty , though previously perhaps in the contemplation of parliament , when no longer in office . Indeed the very idea was sufficiently absurd , because it was not possible to remove from office those who were in no office . At all events , if the matter was to undergo a full discussion , as intimated by the hon . gent. , he would much rather delay any farther proceedings till the result of those inquiries should be ascertained . When the house should have the whole before them , they could then more justly estimate the degree of odium that was to be attached to a conduct which , though irregular , and in violation of an act of parliament , might yet admit of many circumstances of mitigation . In such a discovery he declared he would have much more pleasure than he experienced before in the vote he gave in favour of the resolutions . though not generally in 353 the habit of agreeing with the hon . gent who had just sat down , ( for he and the hon . gent . were rarely on the same side of the question , though they often sat on the same bench , ) agreed with him in one point at present . If the qualification proposed could be acceded to , consistently with the feelings of the house , the motion made by his hon . friend should not be brought forward . What gentlemen would have agreed to on the last night was exactly the same they were so desirous to put off this night . The only object was to ascertain whether the proceeding recommended was in substance the same as the motion , which was more consistent with the custom and regular