from wishing not to hold high the undoubted privileges of this house ; but if I am right in my general view of this subject , I think the determination to Which I am alluding ought not to be laid out of our consideration , because it goes to the very essence of the measure itself , I mean as far as relates to the practical advantages that are to be derived from it . Supposing then that we were all agreed as to the propriety of granting the prayer of this petition , is it not our duty to consider what bad effects might be produced by the marked difference which would then subsist between this house and the other branch of the legislature upon this , subject ? If carried at all , it ought as I have already stated , to be carried with general concurrence , and when an endeavour is made to carry a measure , the object of 1021 which is to conciliate one part of his majesty 's subjects , care must be taken not to shock the feelings of a much larger class of the community . Under such circumstances , when such an opinion has been given by another branch of the legislature , we are bound to take it into our consideration in deciding upon the line of conduct we ought to adopt , because his is a subject in which no man can act wisely or prudently who acts entirely from his own views or his own feelings . It is his duty to his country , to the catholics , and to the community , to look at it in a combined point of view , to consider all the probable effects of carrying it ( if it were practicable ) with such a strong sentiment prevailing against , or of failing to carry it , may produce . Upon this part of the subject there is one point on which I wish to say a few words . It has been urged by some gentlemen , that we ought to go into committee whatever we may resolve to do at last ; and some of the minor grievances under which the catholics are said to labour have been pointed out , upon which it is said there can be no difference of opinion on the propriety of granting them relief—such as the circumstance of catholics engaged in a military life coming over to this Country , and who thereby exposed to the operation of the test act , which they are not at home . Another circumstance which has been mentioned is , that the catholics in the army are not only to be allowed to have mass performed , but they are compelled to attend protestant worship . Sir , I contend that these points are much too unimportant to induce us to go into a committee upon a petition which embraces the whole of this important subject , and which excites the hopes and fears of all the subjects of the united kingdom.—I again repeat , that I do lament this subject has now been brought forward ; I lament for the sake of the catholics themselves ; I lament for the general interest of the country , that gentlemen , have thought proper to agitate this subject at this moment . That gentlemen have a perfect right to exercise their judgement upon this subject I do not deny : I do not complain of their conduct ; I only lament that they have felt it their duty to bring it forward at this period and under the present circumstances ; when , if they were to succeed , the consequences would not be such as we all desire ; and if they fail , they may be such as we must all regret . And now , sir , let me ask hon . gent . who has brought forward the present motion , and who fairly avows that 1022 his , object is-that every thing should be conceded to the catholics ; let me ask the hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan