the table , the names of the subscribers had been omitted ? Mr. Rose promised to make an enquiry on the subject.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the custom duty bill , which was agreed to . rose , in pursuance of the notice given by him yesterday , to move for leave to bring in a bill for reducing the militia of Ireland , and enabling them to enlist into the regiments of the line , artillery and royal marines . The general arguments in favour of this measure had been so fully discussed upon a similar question , with regard to the English and Scotch militia , that it was not necessary now to dwell upon them . The arguments , as far as they related to general policy , applied with greater force to the militia of Ireland . The militia of Ireland stood on a different ground from that of England . The plan for lowering it did , not bear a greater proportion than it ought ; but it was also to be considered , that in Ireland there was a greater facility in gaining an acquisition to such a description of force as the militia , than there was in this country . His plan was not to take from the militia more than two-fifths . The zeal and ability of the commanders would , he was persuaded , soon place the militia regiments on the same footing they now stood . It was not necessary to trouble the house with any of the details at present . He concluded by moving `` for leave to bring in a bill for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into his majesty 's forces of the line , artillery , and marines . '' was of opinion , that the militia system , however advantageous it might be to England , was injurious to Ireland , and he could therefore wish to see it abolished in that country in toto . He nevertheless highly disapproved of the measure proposed by the right hon . gent . Ireland was , he believed , justly considered the most vulnerable part of the empire ; and was it prudent , at present , to deprive it of a considerable portion of its disciplined force for the purpose of substituting a parcel of new recruits , whom it would require two or three years properly to train ? He was not a militia officer ; he never had been one ; nor was it likely he ever should 159 be one ; and therefore he might , without any suspicion of interested motives , express his sympathy with that respectable body in the mortification they must feel in losing so many men , whom they had been at such pains to instruct , and in being degraded to the situation of recruiting officers for the regular army . approved the bill . Many people thought , that the Irish militia would be better employed any where than in their own country . He did not like to hear the gentlemen of Ireland talked of as crimps , and recruiting serjeants . rose to order . He had and never made use of the word crimp ; what he said related to officers . informed the hon . baronet , that what he was now stating was in explanation , and not on a point of order . He could not rise in explanation , until the noble lord concluded his speech . resuming , observed , that his hon . friend and himself would have many opportunities to talk over these things . The words of the hon . baronet , amounted , in their effect , to those he had used . He would be the last in the world to impute to any man sentiments that he did not entertain , or put in his mouth words that he had not uttered . He denied that the bill could have the effect to degrade the Irish gentlemen . He thought it a good , substantial measure .