or to give up what would be the most material part of the tax , amounting to 200,000l . He was ready to pay every attention to any observation on the subject.—The bill then passed through the committee , and the report was ordered to be received on Tuesday.—Adjourned . —The Salt Duty bill , the Property Duty bill , and the Mutiny bill , were read a 3d time and passed , and a message sent to the commons to acquaint them there with—Adjourned . brought up the report of the committee of supply respecting the sums voted in pursuance of addresses of the house , and sums issued by 38 his majesty to different persons , and the several resolutions were agreed to.—A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had agreed to the Property Duty bill , Salt Duty bill , Mutiny bill , and several private bills , without any amendments.—Mr . Foster brought up the Irish Export and Import Duty bill , Inland Duty bill , Stamp Duty bill , Postage Duty bill , and Malt and Spirit Duty bill , which were severally read a first time.—Mr . W. Dickinson brought up an account of the rates of exchange of the bills drawn by admiral Blanket and sir H. Popham , during their stations in the Red Sea . Ordered to lie on the table and to he printed.—The report of the Royal Marine Mutiny bill was brought up and agreed to.—The Sugar Drawback bill was committed.—The Exchequer Bills bill , and Expiring Laws bill , were read a 2d time.—Adjourned . —The Royal Assent was given by commission to the Pleasure Horse Duty bill , the Salt Duty bill , the Property Tax bill , the Mutiny bill , and 3 private bills.—Mr . Dickinson , jun . brought up the Royal Marine Mutiny bill , and two private bills , which were severally read a first time.—Lord Melville , pursuant to his intimation on a former evening , presented a great number of naval documents . These , after some conversation between lord Darnley and the noble viscount , were ordered to lie on the table.—The duke of Clarence intimated his intention to move for the production of further documents to-morrow , for which day it was understood their lordships were summoned.—Mr . Parnell , from the Irish treasury , presented an account of the sums remitted from England to Ireland , during the year ending the 1st of last month.—Adjourned . —The Speaker informed the house that he had been in the house of peers , where the royal assent was given by Commission to the Pleasure Horse Duty bill , to the Salt Duty bill , and to the Property Tax Amendment bill.—On the motion of Mr. W. Dickinson , an amendment was inserted in the Marine Mutiny bill , empowering provisional courts martial to ad 39 minister oaths . The bill was then read a turd time and passed.—Mr . Johnstone from the office of chief secretary of Ireland , presented Returns of all Compensations for Boroughs , & c. which were ordered to be printed.—Mr . Francis gave notice of his motion relative to India for Monday next , but on the suggestion of lord Castlereagh , deferred it till Monday se'nnight.—Mr . Rose presented Minutes of the privy council with respect to licences for exporting goods to France and Spain.—Mr . Foster moved the 2nd reading of the Irish Drawback bill . After a few words from Mr. Dawson , Mr. Ker , and Mr. Corry , the bill-was read a 2nd time ; as were likewise the Irish Excise Duty bill , the Irish Stamp Duty bill , the Irish Postage Duty bill , and the Irish Spirit Duty bill.—On the motion of Mr. Steele , a new writ was ordered for Bath in the room of lord John Thynne , who had rendered his election void , not having duly qualified himself by taking the oaths , & c.—Mr . Steele obtained leave to bring in a bill to indemnify lord John Thynne for having sat and voted in the house