still more the final accomplishment of their hopes , depended on their keeping alive a spirit of disobedience to law . Instead of restraining , therefore , they indulge the passion of their people they neglect morals , and make religion principally depend on mere observances . He was so strongly impressed with truth of these observations , that he was convinced that as long as the Roman catholic hierarchy should remain as if then stood , it was in vain to look for peace and tranquillity in Ireland : that the abolition of that hierarchy was essential to the interests of the country , essential to the true interests of the Roman catholics of Ireland ; and he had reason to think that some of the better informed amongst the Roman catholic laity , and especially in some parts of the country , were nearly of the same opinion , He did not conceive that the existence of such a hierarchy could be deemed essential to the profession of the Roman catholic religion : it did not exist in England ; it did not exist in any other part of Europe ; where the protestant was the established religion of the country ; yet the Roman catholics of England , and of the other countries to which he had alluded , were equally in communion with the church of Rome , In Canada , where the Roman catholic religion had been made by stipulation of the surrender of the country , in a considerable degree an established religion , and where the clergy were in the undisturbed possession of the ancient ecclesiastical revenues , the province had remained , for a considerable time , without a Roman catholic bishop ; and he and the authority of a very learned and very respectable person , who had resided in the country in a considerable official station , and had had opportunities of information , for saying , that the laity of Canada in general , nay , that many of their most respectable parochial clergy , were by no means desirous of having a bishop resident amongst them , or pleased with the authority which the bishop whom it was thought fit to give them , assumed , and more especially as that authority was necessary without controul , and almost 1072 without check of any kind . They conceived they could have had the full enjoyment of their religion without the interference of such an authority and with less danger of disagreement with their protestant fellow-subject . The result , he was authorised to say , justified those who had formed this opinion.—He had reason to think that many of the parish priests in Ireland were disposed to live in harmony with their protestant fellow-subjects , if permitted so to do by those who exercised authority over them , but they were not permitted to indulge their inclination to peace . The late Dr. Hussey , in particular , had , in many instances , by the interposition of his authority , destroyed that harmony which had long subsisted between the Roman catholic parochial clergy , and the protestant clergy and laity of the district over which he assumed episcopal jurisdiction . One instance he could assert on the authority of persons of high consideration in the house . As domestic servants in that part of country were very generally , if not universally . Roman catholics , even the protestant clergy were compelled to have such servants . In discharging the duty of family prayer , they they had generally thought it right to require the attendance of their Roman catholic servants : but to avoid all ground of offence , a form of prayer had been very generally used for the purpose which was well known to the Roman catholic clergy , and acknowledged by them to contain nothing to which they could object . The parochial clergy and Roman catholic servants had therefore chearfully submitted to a practice , praise worthy in itself , and which the character of the protestant clergy seemed to compel them to adopt . Dr. Hussey forbade attendance at this family