it was compulsory on the incumbent as to the payment of the fifth of his income if over 4.001. yet that the curate was not obliged by any clause of the bill to do the duty . thought that the bill did not go far enough.—Mr . Western then withdrew his amendment ; after which the bill was read a second time.—Adjourned . —Lord Holland was sworn , and took his seat.—The consideration of the Appeal Cause , from the court of chancery in Ireland , Rowe v. Powell , which stood over since last session , being resumed , the Solicitor General and Mr. Adam were heard at considerable length , on the part of the respondent . After which their lordships deferred the further hearing of counsel till Monday . —The order of the day for taking into consideration the Standing Order , No . 30 , being read , pursuant to notice , brought forward his motion for erasing from the book which purported to contain the standing Orders of the house , the Order , No . 30 , which empowered any individual peer to move the house to go into a committee when he wished to speak upon a question more than twice , or with a view to enlarge the freedom of debate . His lordship did not well know whether he should dwell upon the regulation as a standing order of the house , or merely as an admonition or remembrance , in which light it seemed to be considered by the noble lord on the woolsack . But in whatever point of view it might be regarded , he could not but look upon it as a standing order of the house , and as such he should touch upon the various reasons which should induce the house to discontinue it . He had therefore to represent the abuse of such an order as pregnant with the most pernicious consequences . It was not only incompatible with the dignity of the house , and the impartiality and solemnity of their proceedings , but it also went to infringe the privileges of the house , by rendering nugatory the interposition , in the case of such committees , of proxies or 614 protests . It would preclude every opportunity which any but great and powerful debaters could avail themselves of to engross the whole discussion of any question , however important , by continually resorting to the expedient of moving for a committee , under the cover of this Standing Order.—Besides , what a powerful and dangerous engine might it not prove in the hands of a despotic government , or of a turbulent and factious opposition , who , by protracting any discussion that might involve the most important affair , must throw almost insuperable obstacles and embarrassments in the way of public business . He should not insist on the slighter inconvenience which at enforcement of such an order might frequently produce , but the arguments he had already advanced against its being longer continued were , in his mind , fully sufficient to justify him in now moving , that the said Order be vacated . In addition to these very objectionable considerations , it clashed with , and even rendered nugatory , an important standing order of the house , No . 19 , which prohibits any noble lord from speaking twice in the same debate . It could not be called a standing order , for all these required two days notice , even for their suspension . The present , from its essential nature and effect , admitted of no such previous proceeding . He could see no adequate reason which could possibly be advanced for continuing such an order on the book . Therefore , with such impressions of it on his mind , he felt it incumbent on him to propose , `` that the said order be vacated . `` —On the question being put ; rose , and contended the noble lord was totally mistaken , as to the effects of the order . It did not refer to the raising a committee