, has been taken to the prejudice of the petitioners , because the catholics of this country have not preferred any claims . The situation of the catholics in Ireland is widely different from that of the members of the same communion in this country ; and , even if it were not , will it be contended , that if the catholics of 981 this country should never bring forward any claims , their brethen in Ireland should for ever abandon their equitable rights and just pretensions ; or that these , in preferring their claims with moderation and submission to the legislature , should be suspected for improper motives , and charged with extravagance in their demands , because another body of catholics had not come forward with a similar application ? Permit me , sir , most earnestly to caution you and the house against giving any sanction to the sort of practical dilemma , in which gentlemen are are too apt to place great bodies of men , for the sake of a turn in debate . Are they silent ? Do they leave their case wholly to parliament without petitioning ? Oh ! then there is the old trite maxim , not to disturb what is quiet . There can be no real grievance , or the sufferers would complain . Do they complain ? Do they address us in the natural language of men who feel an injury or an indignity ? Oh ! then they are disaffected , they are factious , they are seditious , they are traitors ; they mean by their numbers to overawe the legislature . Our own honour will not permit us to hear them . Oh ! sir , there is nothing which so irritates men , which so embitters a refusal , as this sort of treatment , which leaves them no conduct to pursue with a hope of deserving redress . In the present instance , there are enough to shew , that there is among them a sense of the grievances , which they state , and enough to be objects of our voluntary liberality , always the most gracious ; for in public , as in private life , `` Sweet is the love that comes with willingness . '' However if my right hon . and learned friend is desirous of having petitions from the catholics of England , let him move to adjourn the debate for that purpose , and I doubt not your table will soon be covered with them.—I proceed now to the set of objections , which my right hon . and learned friend , was too well-informed , too candid , and too judicious , to touch upon ; I allude what , for the sake of distinction , may he called the polemical objections . These have been left altogether , I think , to the impression made by the speech of the learned member , who first opposed the motion . And here I can not help first taking notice of what fell from him , in commenting on a passage from a late publication . It is the more necessary to animadvert upon this part of the learned gentleman 's speech , because his observations were calculated to cast a reflexion on the character and moral 982 principles of a very respectable member of the catholic body now living , whom I name to honour , the Rev . Dr. Milner ; and the charge of that learned gent . is wholly unwarranted either by the letter or spirit of the passage of the publication upon which he commented . * I perfectly concur in the position there laid down , `` that every human law and every promise or other engagement , however confirmed by oath , must necessarily turn upon the cardinal virtue of prudence , which implies that it depends as to the obligation of fulfilling it , in such and such circumstances , upon the question of expediency : '' but this prudence , in the acceptation of Dr. Milner , and of ethical writers in general , is not