. wishes now that he had attended to what I suggested on that occasion . I stated , that I had no doubt that this came under the description of a libel , and I think so still ; but I also said , that it did not appear to me that the house ought to interfere in the business . This is still my opinion . Many things come before me which I can not hesitate to pronounce libels ; but from the circumstances that attend such cases , I should not advise that any notice should be taken of them . And I must say , that the eagerness with which the hon . gent . and his friends have taken up this paragraph savours much more of the irritability of soreness than of any soundness of character on their part . An hon . gent . over the way said , that he had great difficulty in finding any other libel similar to the present one . Sir , libels do not make such lasting or strong impressions in other cases as they do when they are directed against ourselves . This may have been the case at present . I recollect , sir , when public prints made that hon . gent . state , at clubs and meetings , that the house of commons was so lost to 442 every thing that was just and proper that there was no use whatever in attending in it , and that it afforded no protection whatever to the people of this country ; and I remember too , that the hon . gent . was absent from his duty in the house at the time . Yet , sir , I do not say that the hon . gent . absolutely held this language ; but I do say , that the prints made him say so ; and adopted that mode of conveying their sentiments with more weight . But after all this , sir , there was no interference on the part of the house . I only mention this , sir , to show , that those things which . make for us do not make altogether so strong an impression , as those things that make against us . With regard to the motion itself , I certainly lave no objection to it . —The hon . and learned gent . has , I suppose , alluded to the in what he has just said . He has stated that a certain print published observations purporting to come from me . When he produces the paper to me , I may perhaps recollect what I said , so far as to give him information whether the observations came from me , and how far they were accurate . I am not ashamed of what I said , and , if the hon . gent . wishes for information on the subject , he has only to produce the paper containing the remarks to which he has adverted . That a man may say that it is of no use that he should attend the house , because he can do no service in it , without being guilty of a libel , I should think incontrovertible . I did say so , and that was my opinion most certainly . If he thought this a libel like the paper now before us , if he had shewn me the print in question at that time , I could have told him bow far it was accurate . It may not , perhaps , be such an easy matter now ; but , however , even at this distance of time , I have no objection to give him every information in my power ; and I believe . I can still , from recollection , satisfy him on this subject . But , sir , I must confess I do not see the justice or the candour of withholding all allusion to the affair at the time when it happened , and bringing it forward as an argamentum ad hominem , when such