that country . The second exception to this principle , is the system of the United States of America . I desire that any person who is disposed to hold out this system as a subject for imitation , would inform himself of the situation of that country ; I desire that he would read the accounts of the different persons who have visited it within these few years : What will he learn from these accounts ? why ; that one of the circumstances that attracts the attention of every stranger who passes through this country , is the apparent indifference , in many parts of it , to all religion ; that the public worship appears to be neglected ; that the churches are suffered to be in ruin . Can such a state of things exist , and have no effect on the morals , temper , and dispositions of a people ? should , then , America in this respect be an example even for a new community ? but can she be an example to a country like Great Britain whose pride and glory it has been whose pride and glory , I trust , it ever will be , to exist under a different system , and to have been fostered and supported under different principles . I know that the proposition of the noble baron has the approbation of some of the best and most virtuous of men ; I know , however , that some of its most active friends will be found amongst those who have , on the subject of religion , no small degree of insensibility . If religion he necessary for the happiness of mankind , states must be in in earnest about it , as well as individuals . The people of every country will look , and have 690 a right hon to look , to what their civil governors think , and how their civil governors act If they are zealous , if they are united , it will have a considerable effect in producing the same qualities in the community over which they are placed ; if they are lukewarm , if they are divided , what can be expected from the people ? —It has been said that the laws of Ireland , with regard to the different tests , are not in all respects similar to those of Great Britain ; they certainly are not so : in some particulars , the difference arises out of the different circumstances of the two countries , and it may be wise and expedient to have established it in others . However , my own opinion is , that the principal difference has arisen from a want of a due consideration at the time in the parliament of Ireland : but whatever the difference may be , we must take Ireland as we found her at the union . If the independent parliament of Ireland has removed some few restraints which it would have been more prudent on British principles to have continued , we are nevertheless bound in justice and good faith not to re-enact them , unless some strong practical necessity should indispensably require it : but on the same principle I assert , that , if the independent parliament of Ireland antecedent to the union , judged it expedient to continue certain restraints as necessary for the safety of that part of the empire , we are bound likewise in justice and good faith not to repeal them , unless some unforeseen circumstances and great necessity should compel us to have recourse to such a repeal.—I have already stated , in a former part of that with which I have troubled you , that I was ready to admit that no laws could be perpetual ; but there are certain laws so incorporated with the very existence of a state , that to attempt materially to affect them , may be replete with the greatest danger.— I consider the connection which has subsisted between the church establishment and the constitution of this country to be of that nature ; let us remember