office , as a judge of the court of Common Pleas , but on a special commission on the circuit . Suppose an impeachment had taken place , could the judgment have been , in case the charges had been proved , a judgment of removal from office ? he doubted it , and if not , an address from that house , in conjunction with the house of commons , must have been resorted to , which must have been moved by some individual peer . Supposing an address of that nature to originate in the house of commons , still on its being brought to their lordship 's bar , they would not take it as a proof , but would proceed upon the motion of some individual peer to investigate the subject themselves . Upon the whole , his lordship strongly objected to the motions , which he considered , as tending to create an unnecessary delay . could not bring his mind to concur with the noble and learned lord , that further investigation upon this subject was unnecessary . He had expressed his opinion at an early stage of the business , and , whatever might be the law of parliament , every consideration , both of wisdom and justice , called upon the house to deliberate upon the question . His lordship in- 43 sisted on the necessity of searching for precedent , and adverted to the case of the earl of Bristol , and several others , which he had looked into , and from which his lordship 's mind had , he said , derived great assistance . The course which the house was then pursuing , he considered a direct violation of the law , and of the fundamental principles of the constitution ; the proceedings , so far as they had gone , were entered upon the journals of the house , and was it to be said that a veil was now to be drawn over those proceedings , and what had been entered upon record , handed down as precedents to posterity , for their example ? It was impossible therefore to put off this question , without some farther investigation ; there were ample precedents in the house to authorise it to go into such investigation , and the arguments used against it , by noble lords on the other side , were not founded either upon law , upon justice , or upon principle , but were merely a detail of minute distinctions wholly unworthy consideration ; he , therefore , trusted their lordships would be allowed to receive that assistance from precedents , and that a committee for that purpose might be appointed . observed , that the office of a judge had been by the Act of W. III . rendered as freehold , with a condition annexed to it , namely , that the judge should be removable upon the address of both houses of parliament . He considered the mode of proceeding adopted with respect to the learned judge alluded to , to have been perfectly regular , except in the instance of laying the articles of complaint upon the table . He admitted that no judicial proceedings could originate in that house upon the complaint of a peer against any individual , except upon matters of privilege ; but he contended , that the case of the learned judge was totally distinct , and did not come within the meaning of such judicial proceedings . He thought a search for precedents , as moved by the noble lord would be wholly unnecessary , and could lead to no useful purpose ; it was well known that no precedent existed since the passing the act of settlement , which bore upon the present question . Neither could he by any means agree that the remedy by impeachment was so simple and free from difficulties and obstacles as the noble lord had represented . Whoever would take the pains of studying the history of impeachments in this country , would see that a great many difficulties did always arise respecting what each house