not so clear upon this point as it seemed to be conceived by some gentlemen , he was , not thereby to he regarded as the champion of illegal defiance to the rules of law , or an imitator of such a practice . He knew that laws even if unwise , must be obeyed , while they were in full force . But the question was , whether the party here said to be guilty of a breach of the law , knew that he was really causing to be applied the public money to the private use of individuals ? Now , considering the law as attentively as he was able , he denied that either the letter , or the spirit of it , prohibited the drawing of money out of the Bank in the manner contended for by gentlemen on the other side of the house . He was confident that the spirit of the act could not be so , because it could never have been the intention of any law to throw insurmountable obstacles in the way of public business ; and he contended that the strict letter of the act could not be so construed ; for , in many cases , a compliance with an act , so construed would be physically impossible . In the course of 26 days the amount of the sums to be paid to claimants on the navy was 6,400l . ; 3,500l ; of which was made up of sums under 20l . A great multitude of the items were from 8s . 6d . to 1l . 8s . He wished gentlemen to turn this in their minds—whether all these sums could be paid by drafts immediately given to the claimants to receive the money at the Bank ? And if this were so , he wished gentlemen , who maintained the affirmative of that proposition , to shew him the clause in the act by which it was supported ; and when they had done so , they would have proved that every person who held the office of paymaster of the navy since the passing of the act had been guilty of an infraction of it . After all , if the law was so , the breach of it was of course not to be justified ; but then came the question of the degree of impropriety of the conduct of the individual , and much of that depended upon the question of—whether he did it knowingly and unnecessarily ? To pursue the idea of convenience in transacting public business of this kind a little further , he would observe , there were now 6,800 ships books for payment , and in the course of the last three weeks payment had been made upon 40 ships books , and they abounded with items of.14s. , 12s. , and 15s . 9d . Now he would 300 ask , whether it was to be contended by any gent . in that house , with any regard to practicability in the dispatch of business , that every one of these items should be paid by a distinct specific draft upon the Bank given to the claimant ? If not , then there was an end of the argument upon the dry point of the illegality of drawing money out of the Bank for any but a specified purpose for the use of the navy ! Thus the argument upon the illegality of the practice fell to the ground . Then the question of strictness of law being at an end , the rest was a question of degree , or extent to which the practice had been carried , and that , like every other , must be governed by that which was reasonable ; for he did not say that it might with impunity be carried to a blameable extent , or be endlessly followed up . It would be always just to mark it with censure whenever it was done unnecessarily . But he said it was not a question of mere law , as gentlemen on the other side of the