, it was necessary that every thing connected with the immediate object of the motion should be before the house . appealed to the house , that in their recollection , an hon . member opposite ( Mr. Kinnaird ) had brought forward a similar motion , under similar circumstances . On that hon . member 's motion , papers of a nature parallel to those he had moved for , were ordered , and not a single objection was started . professed his ignorance of the circumstance to which the hon . baronet alluded . As far as his own recollection extended , the motion of his hon . friend was not brought forward without a specific notice . Every member , indeed , knew to what end it was directed . Here , on the contrary , it was perfectly understood that no business of a public nature was to be done till after the ballot was formed , the hon . baronet introduced his motion in the absence of all those who might be supposed most anxious to defend the character of the noble lord , against any attack which might be brought against his public conduct . He himself had remained to a late hour in expectation of the motion being brought forward , and he was at last astonished to find , that the hon . baronet had brought forward the motion at a time when not one of the noble lord 's friends were at all apprized of his intentions . They knew nothing at all of the nature of the papers to be moved for . They were obliged to be satisfied with the simple explanation , that they were papers connected with the Eleventh Report of the Naval Commissioners . In fairness to the character of his noble friend , some opportunity should have been given to move for the production of other papers , by which these allegations might have been disproved . All the information , however , which it was 459 judged necessary by the hon . baronet to convey to the house , was , that it was a collection of documents relative to the eleventh report . This , surely , was nothing short of sporting with the dignity of the house , as well as the character of his noble friend . Fortunate , indeed it was , that his character was far above all suspicion , so that even the partial production of these papers could not injure him in the estimation of the public . To move for papers , and not to explain to what object they were to be applied , was , he would ever contend , equally inexpedient and objectionable . A right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) had attacked an hon . and learned friend of his for not bringing forward his motion on a former evening , on a sufficiently explicit notice—which on enquiry turned out not to be the fact . It was ascertained that the notice of his hon . and learned friend was sufficiently explicit ; but surely no one member could now come forward and say that the motion of the hon . baronet had been intimated in terms at all so specific . The house besides had here to consider what was demanded . It was not a motion for the production of documents to establish the innocence of the hon . baronet , which would without difficulty be acceded to . It was a motion for the production of a letter containing comments on the report of the commissioners . If the hon . baronet thought these comments necessary , he , as a member of the house , had an opportunity of stating them in his place . It was not consistent with the dignity of parliament to receive them in any other form . It was one of the first instances of letters of individuals being thus attempted to be placed before parliament , and he trusted the practice would be effectually checked . The house , it appeared to him , were called on to