timber timber in the king 's yards , where none was received but such as was applicable to the construction of ships of the line , or 50-gun ships . The consequence of this practice is , that frigates and sloops are built and repaired with it at a most exorbitant expence , there being none received of the sizes adapted for the smaller classes of ships.—His next would be for `` An account shewing the quantity of sided timber converted in Dept-ford-yard , in Oct. Nov. and Dec. 1804 ; and in Oct. Nov. and Dec. 1803 , specifying the number of trees which were found to be sound , and the number which were found to be defective in each month . '' One half of the trees in that yard , in 1801 , were rotten and defective . The salutary regulation of a timber-master took place about that period , and the consequence has been , that the timber which has been received since that period has been good and serviceable.—He would next move for `` An account shewing the sums of money which have been advanced as loans by the navy board to Mr. John Larking , Mr. John Bowsher , or any other timber merchants , specifying the time when such loans were made , and the conditions thereof . '' In consequence of those loans , those two contractors had been enabled to drive all competitors out of the market.—His next motion would be for `` An account shewing the price of timber in the king 's yards , on the 18th of Feb. 1801 , and the advances which have been since made thereon ; the advantages given by the alteration in the mode of measurement , and qualifications to be shewn in money . '' From this it would appear that timber was advanced 15 per cent . in 1802 ! and that a further advance of nearly 40 per cent . took place in June 1804 . His next was for `` Copies of the reports which have been made to the navy board by the officers of the dock yards , on examining the Stetin timber which was used in his majesty 's ships some years since , by way of experiment , to ascertain its durability . '' These reports would shew that the timber is of such very inferior quality , that it is not worth the expense of workmanship.—He 150 would next move for `` A copy of the report made by the purveyors of the navy , to the admiralty , on the 2d of Aug. 1802 , respecting the foreign timber winch had been served into Deptford yard , by Mr. John Larking . '' It was stated in the report , that it was very inferior to English timber , some of the best of it approaching nearly in quality to the worst English oak , and that it could bear no competition with it in point of durability.—His next motion would be for a `` Copy of the contract or agreement which has been made since 15th May 1804 , by the navy board , with Mr. John Larking , for the importation of foreign oak timber ; also an account shewing any other allowance which is to be made to him , on the said timber , than is therein expressed , and the sums of money which have been advanced to him on account thereof . `` —His next for `` An account shewing the number of shipwrights , and also of apprentices , employed in the merchants ' yards in G.Britain , according to the returns made to the admiralty in April 1804 . '' This would shew the number of ship wrights to be about 5000 , and the number of apprentices of all descriptions , to be about 3700.—Next , for `` An account shewing , the amount of the tonnage of the merchant shipping of G. Britain , on the 1st Jan. 1804 , distinguishing the foreign from the British-built . '' The tonnage , he understood to be nearly two millions of tons.—Next for ``