peculation or any other breach of trust , and not merely suspected , but actually confessing guilt , we of course order them to quit the office where the grounds of suspicion arose , conceiving that persons so situated are utterly unworthy of trust . But , perhaps the right hon . gent . meant to take up the business of the Tenth Report , and was therefore unwilling to incur the charge of prejudice by the discharge of Mr. Trotter before the trial took place . Under what circumstances is it that the right hon . gent . determined to retain Mr. Trotter in the important office of paymaster of the navy ? He had heard that before the commissioners be refused in some cases to answer questions at all , and in others had given equivocating replies . He had heard that he not only refused to answer questions to which , supposing him innocent , the reply was quite obvious , but he had known Mr. Trotter to have used every effort to retard the investigation of the commissioners , and after all this previous knowledge , the right hon . gent . retains him in his employment paymaster . What then , is the reason for this most extraordinary conduct ? It is , sir , that hon . Trotter 's case was sub judice , and the right hon . gent . does not wish to prejudge him on his trial . The right hon . gent has this evening declared a Trotter is dismissed , when he is as much sub judice as he has been at any period since the commissions finished their exa- 358 mination . Mr. Trotter has not been formally condemned by the house , for we have found him guilty only collaterally , our resolution on Monday evening being exclusively directed against lord Melville . Perhaps , sir , the right hon gent . was alarmed by the impression made by our proceedings , ( and they were well calculated to make an impression on persons like the right hon . gent. , ) and by a sudden impulse of feeling thought it most prudent to discharge Mr. Trotter without further delay . I can not impute this decision to any other principle , for ail the reasons that operated for retaining Trotter for several months back still continue in force.—The next feature in the very extraordinary speech of the right hon . gent . were the arguments he used for the lenient application of our resolutions against lord Melville , and the circumstances on which this lenity is to be founded . Perhaps , in what I am now about to say , the right hon . gent . may think me bitter and rancorous , but , in spite of this , I feel myself called on to say that I shall never sit in this house and patiently hear these extravagant panegyrics on lord Melville 's public conduct . I am at a loss where to find what are the circumstances which are to incline us so powerfully to mercy . What particular claims does he possess to induce the house to pass over his aggravated offence with a comparatively trifling punishment ? Is this motive to lenity to be found in the eagerness which his lordship has ever shewn to heap up emoluments , and to systematize corruption ? Is it in the gift of the chamberlainship of Fife granted to his wife , with arrears to a vast amount , procured under false pretences ? Is it in procuring a year ago fifteen hundred a year in addition , not , sir , the salary of first lord of the admiralty , for I know that is very inadequately paid , but in addition to his salary as lord privy seal for Scotland ? But , sir , the right hon . gent . lays a great deal of stress on his discovering no political or party partialities in the appointment of officers , either for the naval or military service . I deny , sir , that there is the least merit in