the British government , tending to the Security of his interests and the stability of his dominion ; not as directed to objects in any degree necessary to the security of the British empire in India . '' `` Col. Collins in-strutted to state to Scindia the manifest advantages to the stability of his government , and to the prosperity of his affairs , which the proposed connection is calculated to secure . `` —He was aware that the great argument against the Mahrattas was their harbouring French officers among them , with views evidently hostile to our superiority . It was even asserted that there was an army of 14,000 Frcnch troops , under Capt . Perron . Of the existence of such a body of troops there was not a Single tittle of evidence before the house . If there was so large a body under his command , it was quite clear they were not French troops . In- 232 deed , after the Minutest investigation , he found that there were not in the whole Mahratta army more than 12 French officers ; it was , however , further urged , that the French officers would introduce European tactics among the Mahratta troops . This , so far from striking his mind as an evil , was a thing much to be desired , if war was to be Kept up with the Mahratta states . It was by abandoning their own irregular mode of fighting that they suffered so severely , and were so effectually repulsed . Had they persevered in the irregular warfare common to their country , they would have exhibited an appearance . far more formidable , and displayed a resistance tar more dreadful . The history of all ages proved the truth of this assertion . The Parthians often repulsed the disciplined legions of Rome , not indeed in regular combat , but by surrounding them , by cutting off their supplies of provisions , by taking all those advantages peculiar to a barbarous enemy . His view of the fighting of the Mahrattas had been well understood by military men . Mr. Hastings , one whose name he never could mention except when he had an opportunity of mentioning it with approbation , was fully of this opinion , and the same gentleman had expressed himself in very strong terms on the policy of limiting our dominions . As to any wish of Scindia to admit French troops into his dominions , he denied its existence . It was notorious that Scindia abhorred the idea of foreign troops in any part of his states . Perron was equally hateful and dreadful to him . It was a fact well known , that the knowledge of this hatred was one great inducement with Perron , to capitulate with the few troops under his command.—In no view of the case , did he think , then , that the justice or necessity of the war had been established in a satisfactory manner . The reluctance shewn against the proud and insolent terms of our treaty was natural . It would have been astonishing if it had not existed . The hon . gent . desired members to put the matter to their Own feelings . Was it not natural for a high-spirited Chief to spurn at terms so abject ? To be told that the capital of the Mahratta Empire was to be in the hands of a British garrison , and to be supported by the native princes , was surely the extremest degradation . It was unquestionably adding injury to insult . He begged leave to put a parallel case , and ask then , 233 what would be gentleman 's ideas of the attempt , if Bonaparté were to propose to the independent Emperor of Austria to fill Vienna with a French garrison , and to have this garrison supported out of the Emperor 's coffers ? What would be thought of such a monstrous proposition ? Would it not be treated with contempt and indignation ? Would the king of Prussia , the elector of Saxony , or