returned , he should move , however unprecedented such a motion might be deemed , to expunge their names from the committee , and to insert others , not so objectionable , and of course more compatible with the objects contemplated by the house . observed , it was very possible that the names of some members might he returned upon the committee , who , however unobjectionable , could not , without most material injury to their own interests and avocations , devote their attentions to the business of an investigation , likely to be so arduous and of such long duration . He should hope , therefore , that as in the case of election committees , any gentleman so circumstanced , would , upon application to the house , be excused from attendance . hoped , that after the motion now before the house was disposed of , namely , the question upon the list of scrutineers moved by Mr. Sturges Bourne , his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) would , in some more explicit way , put the house in possession of the list of the names he had just read , in order to lay the foundation for such a measure as might appear necessary , in the result to which he had alluded.—The question on Mr. Bourne 's motion was put , that certain members , whom he named , be appointed to select from the ballot ; which was agreed to without opposition , and the members appointed 432 were ordered forthwith to the speaker 's chamber . again rose , and observed , that his hon . friend had just read a list of members , which he ( Mr. W. ) had been given to understand the scrutineers would return , in consequence of the pre-concerted instructions received from ministers . Now it was extremely important for the house to ascertain whether the committee , for the appointment of which it had already decided , was to be fairly and bonâ fide chosen by a ballot ; or whether that ballot was to be rendered nugatory , and the committee to be really nominated by government , to the flagrant deception of the house , and the probable defeat of its object . An hon . member , last night , had proposed a mode of selecting the committee , which he was persuaded would have been much more likely to have obtained a fair and impartial selection , than that which was the pleasure of the house to adopt , namely , to propose the members one at a time from each side of the house , and then it would have been fairly seen how far his majesty 's ministers were disposed to accede to that principle of impartial investigation , to which some of them had professed themselves so friendly . But he well knew from past experience , that the mode adopted was not the one likely to obtain an impartial selection . There was an important occasion , some years since , which occurred to his recollection . It was a ballot proposed for selecting a committee of East-India judicature ; upon which occasion , as well as on many others well known , it was irrefragably and flagrantly obvious , that the ballot for a committee was but a mere mask for the nomination of the minister ; and that in fact , the names of the persons to serve had been previously determined by ministers ; that the lists of those names were made up at the treasury , and put by ministers into the hands of their friends . Now , if the fact was so in the present case , it was necessary the house should know it ; and the comparison of the list , in the hand of his hon . friend , with the return of the scrutineers , would be a pretty strong criterion of the truth . Upon the former occasion , to which he had alluded , the business was done so openly , that one of the door-keepers of the house put the