advice not given immediately after the address of the 10th of April , for which the right hon . gent . expresses such profound veneration ? He comments upon this address , and considers it merely as an 606 official notice to his majesty of the proceedings of the house . So it was ; but why was it thought proper to give such A notice ? Surely , sir , for the purpose that ministers might take such measures , as they might not be so strictly bound to take , if the notice had not been given . This , sir , was understood , and strongly urged et the time . But if the right hon . gent . then understood the sense of the . house in such a manner that he did not think it his duty to advise the erasing of lord Melville 's name from the list of privy counsellors , how comes it that he has now given that advice ? How has he since collected the general opinion of the house in a way to induce him to alter his sentiments so materially ? But he says , that he has canvassed the opinions of several individual members . Sir , there seems to be , strong grounds to suppose that this is a compromise adopted in consequence of a ministerial intrigue , rather than an act implying any deference to the opinions of this house . I do not know that however . I am only in possession of what the public in general know on the subject.—Now , sir , one word as to the time . The right hon . gent . takes the last moment for giving this advice , in order , as far as possible , to divert the censure of this house from lord Melville . Notice was given of the proposition , the very first day , I believe , that the business came before the house . Allusions to it had been made in subsequent proceedings ; but it is not till within half an hour of . its being brought forward , that the right hon . gent . comes down and makes this communication , from the well founded terror , that if he permitted the question to go to a division , he would be left in a minority . But is it now precisely the same thing as if it had . been done long before ? Does it not show clearly , that every thing within the compass of possibility is to be done in favour of lord Melville ? First , it was maintained that he only acted contrary to the intention of the law : then he was permitted to resign his office of first lord of the admiralty , to prevent his being turned out . And now at last , when nothing can be done to prevent it , he is erased from the privy council . The difference between its being done now and done before is , I acknowledge , as far as the public are concerned , not very material ; but it will be recollected , that the right hon . gent . held out till he could hold out no longer without a certainty of being beat . I trust , however , that things will now 607 speedily be finished , however tardily they may have been begun , that the house will follow up the public opinion , and that every Measure will be taken that can afford security the people , not by making legislative provisions for the future , for these may be disregarded , as they have been already , but by inflicting proper punishment where it is deserved . This triumph has not been willingly gained , but has been extorted by the sole consideration that a majority would oppose lord Melville if he was further defended . I can assure the house that there is every symptom of the country being seriously agitated , and that it will not readily place much confidence in those who have exerted themselves so much