would have , been far more agreeable to me to have proceeded even at that late hour , except , indeed , from the consciousness of a greater disadvantage in proportion as the comparison was more near and immediate between myself and an hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , whose eloquence 952 every one must have admired , and whose presence in this house is at least one advantage conferred by the union on this country . I know not , however , sir , whether the event to which I have alluded ought not rather to stimulate the friends of this measure to greater exertion . I confess I should think it much to be regretted if the unfavourable decision of another assembly should lead the catholics of Ireland to apprehend that a sentiment adverse to their wishes generally prevails . That decision , indeed , diminishes their prospect of immediate success ; —but this house is an independent branch of the legislature ; are bound to think and determine for ourselves , and should we resolve to go into the committee , let us hope that , from the investigation which may there take place , arguments may arise , by which the other house of parliament may be led to agree in the result to which we may finally come . Sorry , however , sir , as I shall be if this motion should be negatived , I should be yet more deeply concerned if that determination should be formed on such principles as were last night maintained . Must we reject this petition ? at least let it be dismissed with temper and moderation , not in that spirit of harshness , almost of bigotry , which pervaded the declamation of an hon . and learned gent . ( Dr. Duigenan ) which , with some others on the same side , I hope the chancellor of the exchequer will think it his duty to answer and expose . —The speech delivered on the former part of this debate by the three hon . gentlemen adverse to the measure , may , I think , be thus generally characterised : —the first learned gentleman , though entering largely into every part of the subject , dwelt most on the nature of the Roman catholic religion ; the second gentleman ( Mr. Alexander ) chiefly animadverted on the evils to be feared from the influence of their clergy ; and the hon . attorney-general drew his principal objection from the supposition , that if all were granted which the petitioners now ask , they would , not even then be satisfied . To these gentlemen I would reply , in common , that they assume the authorities and facts to be almost exclusively on their side of the question ; but that , to their authorities , we claim to oppose many of at least equal weight ; and that facts , nakedly taken , divested of all concomitant circumstances , are not only insufficient grounds of argument , but often lead to the most erroneous conclusions ; they are like those productions of art , which , 953 to be justly estimated , must be seen in their true point of view , and in proper lights ; and many of these supposed facts , if brought into clear day , and shewn , unshadowed by the mists which passion and prejudice have thrown around them , would , I strongly suspect , appear under aspects very different from those in which they are now presented to our view . ——— '' Trifles light as air Are to the jealous confirmations strong As proofs from holy writ . `` —— It was a fact , that Cassio was as in possession of Desdemona 's handkerchief ; and though the inference which passion drew was false , yet the consequence was fatal . Such a state of things as has existed in Ireland may be seen too near , as well as from too great a distance . Men , whose persons and families have been exposed to all the miseries of civil