. friend rendered his character such as any country might be proud of , and the spotless integrity he had maintained during perhaps 496 the longest political life ever enjoyed by any prime minister of this country , marked him out as the very individual by whom the country would most wish such a committee to be nominated . He called on the house to repel with indignation any imputation on their honour , let it come from what quarter it might . Would they endure to be told , that they were willing to subject themselves to the authority of any individual , however pure his character , however high he might stand in their estimation , from the experience of many years during a period as critical and important as ever occurred in the annals of the world ? As to observations on the intended regulations of the bill , it would be more proper to defer them till the bill was actually before the house itself . explained , by saying , he had not imputed to the right hon . gent . any such direct influence as to say he could dictate the choice of a committee . He only meant that there was generally a sort of courtesy observable in the house , on most occasions , to indulge the inclinations of the right hon . gent . admired the dignified zeal with which the noble lord asserted the individual purity of his right hon . friend ; and yet he begged leave to remind the noble lord , that more flagrant corruption had prevailed in the country during the period that right hon . gent . had been at the head of the government , than during any other period in our history . He ( Mr. Grey ) well recollected , that the noble lord himself had taken fire in a similar manner , when his own individual purity was called in question by a right hon . gent . who was now one of his colleagues ( Mr. Foster ) . The noble lord indignantly repelled the insinuation of corruption brought against his own , government , and concluded by an high-fraught panegyric on the spotless purity . of the Irish house of commons ! His right hon . friend , however , answered , `` the noble lord mistakes me—I have urged no insinuation ; but I directly charge , that there was a gross and corrupt profusion of the public money perverted to procure votes in the Irish parliament in favour of the union ; and I charge the noble lord , then at the head of administration in Ireland , with being the proposer , chief manager , and principal instrument in carrying that measure . '' The noble lord , however , sat silent , and did not think proper to venture on a reply.—The hon . gent . concluded 497 by observing , that after what had passed with respect to abuses in the naval department , there was well founded suspicion , at least , that similar abuses were prevalent in other departments also . The expectations of the people were now raised , and they looked up for investigation . If it was earnestly and honestly followed , the people would be satisfied , but if merely carried on for the purposes of deception , and the protection of delinquents , the natural result would be dissatisfaction and discontent in every quarter of the realm.—The question was now put , and leave given to bring in the bill . rose , and said that he felt it necessary to have the matter of charge contained in the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry put in a course of investigation . The charges which it made were very serious , and should be proceeded on with decision and dispatch . Though he was convinced that lord Melville was not guilty of participating the gains of malversation of public money , yet he should not attempt to screen the noble lord , or throw dust in the eyes of the public on the present occasion