such supposition of favour could exist . And what was the result ? —why , that a committee appointed to consider the case reported that the practice referred to Was regarded as a privilege belonging to the office of paymaster of the army , and that it had universally prevailed with those , who held that office , with the exception of the father of the gentleman over against me ( lord Chatham ) and perhaps another . If it were deemed a criminal practice , no doubt some measure of prosecution would have been instituted . But the feeling was different . Nay , the house so felt it , and evinced its sentiment afterwards by granting an increase of the salary attached to the office , in lieu of such privilege . That sentiment was decidedly expressed in the resolution of the committee , upon which the salary of lord Melville , as treasurer of the navy , was augmented in order to compensate for the loss of the emoluments resulting from the use of the public balances , which from the period of that augmentation , was entirely to cease . Recollecting , therefore , that the practice of which the right hon . gent . has accused my father did prevail among the paymasters of the army up to the time at which the salary of these officers was increased at the appointment of Mr. Burke and Mr. Barré , I can not see any analogy between the case of lord Holland and lord Melville . With respect to the allusion which the right hon . gent . has made to my conduct in early life , I have to be sure , as the right hon . gent . terms it , gambled a good deal . I also feel that I continued that practice much too long , and lost a considerable sum of money . My father , no doubt , left me a large fortune but how the right hon . gent . can infer that my manner of spending that fortune can afford any proof of my connivance , in what he considers my father 's improper manner of obtaining it—or that I was a party to the misappropiation of public money , I leave it to the house to conjecture . That those who are the relative , or who have had the misfortune of being in any degree connected with lord Melville , should feel affected by the disgrace 611 into which he has fallen , is , I admit , very natural ; but yet I think that such feelings should not be suffered to stand in the way of a great public duty—and certainly it would be much more delicate not at all to express them in this house . I shall now say no more than to observe , that if it were the object of the right hon . gent . to wound my feelings , he has entirely failed , and to repeat , that if he had succeeded in fixing the imputation of guilt on the conduct of My father , that success would only tend to aggravate the guilt of lord Melville . said in explanation , he had never charged lord Melville with participating in the plunder of the public , be cause that had not appeared . If hereafter it should be made out , he would bring the charge . The inference had arisen from what he had said of lord Meiville 's connivance at Mr. Trotter 's misuse of the public money . He would not press his motion , though he thought the house of commons and the majesty of the crown would have been more satisfied if the erasure had taken place in consequence of the address of the house . One question only he wished to have answered before he withdrew the motion . Did lord Melville hold any office under the crown during pleasure ? said , he believed he did not . said , there was a report abroad , that one of the offices held by the noble lord , was during