motion winch before was considered the best , would prove the worst that could be adopted . He concluded by moving that the papers should be read . observed , that the case before the house was involved in intricacy . The whole seemed to have arisen from an irregularity the most strange and extraordinary that ever crept into the proceedings of that house of parliament . The hon . baronet thought , that his character being attacked by the eleventh report , it was his business to move for certain documents . 463 Nothing could be more right . But was it right to conceal any thing ? Instead of referring to the documents A , B , or C , the hon . baronet referred them all to the inclosures of a certain letter . The house should consider the difference between evidence and comment . If the hon . baronet had not the documents necessary to his defence , certainly it would be unfair ; but if his comment on them had been omitted , it would have been competent in him to have made it , as a member of parliament , in his place . If he had stated what the inclosures were , all this difficulty would have been avoided . Had he pointed them out by specific titles , it would have been competent to any gentleman to have this or that by itself , which may mislead the house , and therefore it will be necessary to move for some other papers . It had been stated , that the papers had been moved for at a certain time of the day—a very fit time , he granted , to move for such documents . No man could say that any observation in the hon . baronet 's power to make personally , could be more availing in writing . It was important to have the whole of the documents before the public ; but to have the comment without the text , was not that state of the business which the house of commons ought to be satisfied with . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) had observed , that the house had seen changes on a former day , with respect to certain motions of an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Whitbread ) . The fact was , that his hon . friend , so far from having abandoned his notice , had been driven out of it by the majority of the house . He wished to know whether there was any thing deserving reproach , or that could reflect on the understanding or sedateness of his hon . friend , by the course he had adopted . Whoever witnessed the debate of that day , and saw the eagerness with which every one of the hon . gent . 's friends wished to screen the delinquents , could not but allow this was a sufficient reason for his hon . friend 's abandoning his motion . He was of opinion it would be more dignified and consistent , not to have these papers printed till others connected with them could be also produced . Every one was aware that there was no man in the country above enquiry ; but such was the character of lord St. Vincent , that if the letter accused him , the general and just opinion of mankind would be , that the imputation was unme- 464 rited . His character was not above enquiry , but it was above all suspicion that could be thrown upon it without enquiry . Now the inclosures were produced , the house did not know what they were ; the clerk could not read them , because they had no titles . He wished to have the titles of these documents . He regretted that the house should have unnecessarily got into so difficult a state of proceeding . jun . did not conceive there was any impropriety or irregularity in the proceeding . One of the papers was a letter from sir A. S. Hamond ; the other ,