this short explanation . I agree with all that has been said as to the loyalty of the catholics ; but , believing that granting the prayer of the petition would occasion a revolution in the laws of the land , and lead to the repeal of some of the wisest of them , I shall certainly give my vote against it . —Sir ; it is with great regret that I differ on this question from a very respectable part of my constituents ; men for whose sentiments I shall ever entertain the greatest respect . The corporation of the city of Dublin , who have petitioned against the claims of the catholics , have ever been loyal to their king and constitution ; zealous supporters of the protes 1035 tant establishment : and did I conceive that going into the committee would endanger that establishment , there is no one who would be more ready to give a negative to the motion of my hon . friend ; but so far from thinking that the measure proposed would weaken that constitution , I am convinced it would not only tend to conform that establishment , but also strengthen the foundations upon which rests the security of the empire . The advantages to be derived from the adoption of this motion have been ably proves to be considerable in number and great in benefit ; and , in my opinion , it has not been proved to this house , that any danger is likely to ensue from it . Granting for a moment , what I do not allow , but what the most violent opposers of the catholics could urge against them , that there exists in a part of that body of men a decided animosity to the British constitution , and a violent desire to effect its ruin ; granting , for the sake of argument , that such is the disposition , such is the disposition , such is the object of men amongst the catholics , the means of effecting their purpose and accomplishing their wished would be totally destroyed by the measure proposed this night . Will the house consider what are the means by which the disaffected would endeavour to obtain their object ? It has been already clearly proved , that admitting catholics to seats in parliament could never , in the opinion of any man in this house , give them sufficient weight in it to carry measures destructive to the constitution . It can not be supposed that the number of Irish catholics , whether 20 , 40 , or even 100 , that would be returned , could ever prevail on the remaining 558 English and Scotch members to unite with them in the destruction of a constitution they all venerate ; which has raised their country to the height it now is placed in ; for which their ancestors fought and bled ; and for whose defence I trust , if called upon , we are all ready to risk our lives . No , sir , it never could be by parliament itself ; but , possessing as they do a population of nearly four millions , would it not be by that physical force , aided and assisted by a foreign power , that they could alone hope for a probability of accomplishing their objects of overturning the constitution and separating the two countries ? It is by arraying this population against you that they could alone be formidable : but by adopting this measure you will remove for ever the remotest possibility of their doing so ; by giving an equality in 1036 the blessings and enjoyments of the constitution to this population , you will have them ranged not against you but for you . But while distinctions and inequalities exist ; while you permit an appeal to their passions and perhaps to their reason , that though they equally contribute their property with their protestant fellow subjects ; though they have spent and are daily spending their blood in defence of the constitution ; though by their exertions they have added