its accomplishment the removal of those baneful hopes of separation , which had sprung from the independence , and were , perhaps , in reality more adverse to the happiness and welfare of those . who entertained them , than essentially dangerous to those against whom they prevailed . In whatever light , therefore , of unfavourable opinion , for the sake of all parties , I had from reflection and experience regarded the measure and the effect of independence , I certainly it as itself the great demonstrative cause by evident ne- 836 cessity of a successful call for the resource of an union.—The confusion and uncertainty , the speculations and excesses , in short , the total derangement ( I will not use the word disorganization ) consequent upon the one could not be , after such a trial , so effectually composed and harmonized by any other intervention than that of the other . It is certainly to be acknowledged , that all the good expected has not yet been experienced from this measure , especially its effect upon the quiet and industrious demeanour of the lower catholics , The peace which ensued was of too short a duration wholly to erase all idle speculation , and to fix a well regulated content ; and the , recommencement of hostilities may have facilitated again the approaches of mischievous instigators , to revive the decaying embers of that miserable hope of a fallacious good , in separation from England by the help of foreign aid and maintenance —Still , however , I venture to encourage the confident expectation , that from the union will ultimately arise a state of order and industrious exertion , which will produce more real and lasting welfare to this people , than all the imaginary promises of every good from the wildest emancipation . Neither time then , or circumstances , are now favourable to the entertainment of this petition . But it has been exclaimed , what , then ! is all hope of more fortunate conjuncture , and of more auspicious situations of affairs to be extinguished , and this oppressed people to he driven to comfortless despair ? —I would answer with conscientious sincerity , that true belief , indeed , would induce me to place the measure of satisfaction best calculated for their real happiness in a supposed extinction of all views beyond the present means of comfort and prosperity . Let them be fairly estimated , cherished , and enjoyed ; they wilt produce a harvest of blessings . I dare not at present presume to dream of more , which may , be good for them , or safe for us but God forbid that we should venture to circumscribe the ways of his Divine Providence , which may remove obstacles at present too strong for our attempt to clear away or pass by . There may ( and I wish there may ) be future reasons , however unexpected now , to prove the security with which the protestants may grant the competency of the catholics to be entrusted with the fullest participation of rights and privileges : they may , by habits of industry , good order , harmonious concord , social intercourse , mutual good-will , 837 and reciprocal good offices , and by zealous patriotism and loyalty . ( all indeed having tendency to their own , immediate benefit , and therefore the most gratifying to the liberal spirit of the legislature ) give encouragement for unrestricted confidence . They may find cause unequivocally to withdraw that barrier ( insuperable , whilst it remains in force ) of divided allegiance the obligation to papal supremacy , which a noble lord has most forcibly and most eloquently demonstrated to render vain all pretensions to equal rights by the want of equal conditions . I will not shut out the wish or the hope for such alteration of circumstances ; but with our limited power of searching into future chance and change , we can , I think , retain this possible expectation , as the only prevention to a positive declaration , that here