laid before the house , and printed ; and that the petitioners deeming Mr. Tucker 's petition and letter of a most libellous and slanderous nature against them , they have felt themselves bound to 624 address the lords commissioners of the admiralty in vindication of their honour and the proceedings of their board ; and being anxious to remove any impression which may heave been made in parliament to their disadvantage by Mr. Tucker 's letter and petition , they pray that the house will be pleased to give directions that a copy of the petitioners ' two letters to the secretary of the admiralty of the 4th instant may be laid before the house . '' then moved , that copies of the letters from the commissioners of the navy to the board of admiralty , of the 4th instant , by laid on the table . rose , not , he said , to oppose the motion , but to call the attention of the house to the time and manner in which it was brought forward by the hon . member . Six weeks had now elapsed since he ( Mr. Kinnaird ) had given notice of his intention to bring forward a motion of enquiry respecting the conduct of an hon . officer ( sir Home Popham ) on the ground of which motion he was certainly fortified , and very considerably , by the letter alluded to . During the whole of that time , the navy board , and without any previous notice had moved for the production of letters , written but three days since , which , before their house knew any thing of their contents , were professedly calculated to overturn all imputation upon the navy board , with respect to the hon . officer . How board , with respect to the hon . officer . How was it that the navy board , who seemed so much alive to injurious imputations , had not written those letters of vindication sooner , or why was the production of them deferred to so late a moment , as to render it almost impossible for them to be printed in time for the due consideration of members ? He hoped the house would be gratified with some explanation on this ground from the hon . member . He ( Mr. K. ) had given notice to bring forward his question to-morrow , and by that notice it was his intention strictly the house , that this was the very first intimation received of any document intended to be brought forward in contradiction to those documents already before the house , and upon which solely members were left to form their opinions ; he would there- 625 fore be guided by the opinion of the house , whether he was bound to abide by his former notice in bringing forward his question to-morrow , if the letters moved for by the hon . member should turn out to be of such a nature as to place his intentions in a view in which they ought not to stand , or involve any new mattes that required farther deliberation , or rendered necessary the production of other documents , in order to the fullest and most mature discussion of a subject so highly important . To vindicate his own conduct , as well in first proposing to bring forward the enquiry , as in persevering to that end , he begged leave to read the following passage from the letter of Mr. Tucker to the board of admiralty , so strong and so clear upon the subject , that he was at some loss to conjecture how the navy board , by any letter of theirs , could refute statements evidently made upon the ground of their own reports and accounts : `` having , I trust , fully vindicated every part of my conduct through the whole of this investigation , I think it my duty to their lordships , to the country , and to the house of commons in particular , to call their attention to one of the papers