lordship conceived to be highly important , but for which no provision was made in the present bill , that he could observe ; namely , with regard to the officers now attached to the several regiments of militia , but who would be superfluous or supernumerary , when those regiments should come to be reduced to their intended limitation ; his object was , to be informed whether they were to be continued on full , or reduced to half-pay . answered , that the bill was not intended to affect the pay of any officer now attached as such to any regiment of militia , in consequence of the reduction , so long as the militia continued embodied . said , his only difficulty wag how such supernumerary officers couldlegally continue to receive full pay after the reduction of the militia to its original standard . Such a principle he was sure must be contrary to the spirit of the original Militia law ; and without a special clause in the bill ( which certainly might be amended any time in the course of present session ) he did not see how that principle could be dispensed with.—The question being put , `` that the bill do pass , '' the house divided ; Contents 55 Non-contents 40 — Majority for the Bill 15 Adjourned . brought up a bill for amending and rendering more effectual the Property bill , which was read a first time.—The house resolved itself into 255 a committee of supply . Mr. Foster moved , that an account of the unfunded debt of Ireland be referred to the said Committee . Ordered.—He then moved , that a sum not exceeding 800,000l . be granted to his majesty for paying off Treasury bills , for the year . 1805 , which was agreed to , and the report ordered to be received tomorrow.—Mr . Stuckey , from the Excise Office in Scotland , presented at the bar an account of the arrears and current balances in that department . Ordered to lie on the table . begged leave to ask Mr. Sheridan , whether he had abandoned his motion relative to the affairs of the Carnatic ? If he meant to do it , he would , inadequate as he confessed his abilities to be to a subject of such vast importance , bring it forward it forward . said , though the matter had long lain dormant , he certainly did not mean to abandon it ; especially as a noble lord opposite had seemed to hint , some short time back , that these affairs had been so happily settled , that all inquiry was unnecessary . He .meant , immediately after the holidays , to fix a precise day for bringing forward his motion on that subject . rose to make his promised motion , founded on the tenth report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , and spoke as follows : —When first , sir , I gave notice that , I should call the attention of the house to the subject on which I am now to address you , it was my intention to follow , the precedents by which the house have been generally guided , and to move that the tenth report of the commissioners of Naval Enquiry be taken into consideration in a committee . I have , however , since , on mature reflection , seen reason to alter this original resolution , and confining myself to the most important part of that report , to make that the foundation of certain propositions with which I shall have the honour to conclude . With due respect to all the commissioners which have ever sat under the authority and appointment of this house , I must be permitted to say , that none was ever more honourable in its origin , none had ever prosecuted its inquiries with more real advantage to the public interest . It is well known that this commission originated from the late Board of Admiralty , at the head of which presided that noble lord 256 who had so often