did he intend to submit , any enquiry into the con- 735 duct of noble earl ; but , when that enquiry was challenged by his friends , he should not be doing his duty either to himself or to the country , were he to take any measures to suppress it . declared that his conduct did not spring from any party connection , but , from the impulse of the moment . He had no communication on the subject of his motions with the minister , or any other person ; and , when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) asked him this day in private whether they were to be carried , he candidly answered him that he did not know . reprobated , in the most forcible language , the mode in which this subject was brought forward . An hon . member moved for the production of a number of papers , which he said possibly might not authorise enquiry , and yet in the introduction to his motion he made use of the strangest language which could be applied to any case , even after a charge of improper conduct was established upon proof before the house . All that he could understand by the expression of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) , by the word `` protection '' was , that it meant to signify fairness , though in fact , he was sorry the word had been used at all . Thee fairness he claimed on the part of the earl St. Vincent was , that whatever objections there might be in point of convenience , all the papers should be produced which might be necessary for the enquiry . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery ) seemed surprised , that any gentleman should oppose the papers , without knowing what they were ; but he forgot , that when the papers should be produced , it would be too late to oppose them . He acted , in this respect , like the judge , who was reported to have told a barrister from the bench— '' I will not allow you to open your mouth , until you tell me what you have to say . '' As to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , he must do him the justice to say , that he acted consistently , and he had uniformly expressed himself hostile to the naval administration of the earl St. Vincent . explained . He said , what he meant by protection was , that ministers should not , at this late period of the session , suffer such motions to be brought forward , and had no reference in his observation to the particular friends of the noble earl . agreed with the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that the gratitude due to earl St. Vincent 's professional character , should not be a bar to 736 the consideration of his official conduct . The accounts should comprise the administration of lord Chatham , when the navy was placed in the condition which laid the foundation of its future glory ; and even the administration of lord Sandwich , when it had received a great addition . He thought the motion could not be considered as hostile to earl St. Vincent , but rather as directed to obtain information highly material to the public interest . He condemned the contemptuous language with which a right hon gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) had spoken of individuals connected with no party . He was jealous on this point , as he was aware he himself would be frequently classed with this description of members . If it appeared that the ships were not so numerous in lord St. Vincent 's administration as those before it , and that the short and feverish peace we had enjoyed was not employed to prepare for a war that must have been easily foreseen , it was fit the blame should be cast where it ought to be ; he alluded