15 or 16,000 men to the disposeable force , in these times , could by no gentleman be considered its unimportant . If he were disposed to criticise upon any thing with severity , it would be , that the measure was not before proposed . The bill directed , that the men should be permitted , from the militia regiments , to a certain extent , to enlist in the regular forces . He did think the terms were too general , and that they should not be allowed to enlist into the Foot-Guards , because these were not disposable in the same sense as the troops of the line of every other description . He had no objection to their joining the royal marines , and he thought the artillery ought to have its share . The marines were entitled to great credit . They were at this moment in want of a considerable recruit , and 5 or 6000 men would be to them a very valuable acquisition . Before he could resign the benefits this measure promised , he must be convinced of its impolicy on some constitutional principles ; but , perhaps , if he discerned that the militia was likely to suffer any permanent injury from the project , he should , from his affection for it , be constrained to oppose the bill . It was on these constitutional grounds the hon . gent . endeavoured to meet it The term constitutional , it was true , was often used without any regard to its legitimate meaning : it was sometimes employed merely to express the interests of individuals , not the great scheme of national good . What-ever was consistent with the interests of some persons , was to them perfectly , constitutional ; whatever opposed these : interests , was the reverse , and from the obscurity consequent on this personal avidity , they often entirely lost sight of the constitution . He by no means intended to apply these observations to the hon . gent . ; but he would explain what he understood by the Constitution , as it applied to the present question . It was explained by the common and written law of the land . This law directed every man to stand forward in defence of his country , when called upon by proper , authority ; and it was said , that a respectable military force is necessary to the defence of the realm . As to the number or proportion from the militia which , might join the re- 115 gular force , there was not a syllable on the subject in the catalogue of English law . So far was he from thinking it was prejudicial , that one should combine occasionally with the other , that he would recommend , that it should be annually proposed to the temporary to unite with the permanent establishment , to a certain limited extent . It might be asked , why he did not suggest this when he had the honour to bear a part in his majesty 's councils ? The opinion of administration then was , that it was more adviseable to adhere to former plans than to resort to new ones ; and such a scheme at that particular moment might have rendered it impossible to have raised the militia to the numbers required . He would broadly contend , the militia could suffer no detriment whatever ; the whole was voluntary , and compulsory measures could alone be injurious . But it was said , that the feelings of the militia officers would be wounded . He could only judge of the feelings of other gentlemen by his own ; and he acknowledged , that as far as his own comfort and honour were concerned in the regiment he commanded , he should be happy to see that the individuals who composed it , were anxious to offer themselves to a more enlarged service , where their discipline and gallantry would be more beneficial to their country . The scheme in 1799 had been alluded to ; that must be acknowledged