of king 's bench had the power to strike him off the rolls ; for though country attorneys had the means of rendering themselves useful and respectable , they were often the pests of the neighbourhood in which they lived . said , that , though he was not forward in countenancing prosecutions on the part of the attorney : general by order of that house , yet he must approve of the present , as the tumult did not appear to be accidental , but of a premeditated and studied nature . He , however , should like to know whether any other prosecution had been commenced against these parties ? —The several motions were then agreed to.—Adjourned . called the attention of their lordships to a topic which he conceived to be of very se- 26 rious and weighty importance , and relative to which something decisive ought to take place before the end of the session . The noble lord seemed to refer to cases of a similar nature with that now pending with respect to the proceedings in the instance of Judge Fox . With a reference to the principle he had in contemplation he acquainted their lordships , that he should , on Tuesday next , bring forward three propositions for the consideration of the house , in the shape of motions , nearly to the following effect : 1st . That a committee be appointed to search for precedents of cases of a member of that house bringing forward , in his place , accusations or charges against an individual , either upon his own authority , upon hearing , or upon the authority or information of others , & c. 2d . For an inquiry into precedents of the modes of proceeding adopted in that house in cases of charges made against individuals , otherwise than matters of record , or by petitions presented to that house ; and , 3d . For an examination into precedents respecting complaints exhibited against any of his majesty 's judges previous to the act of W. III . & c.—His lordship then moved , that the lords be summoned for Tuesday next . expressed his opinion , that a question arising out of the intended motion first described by the noble lord , should be referred to the consideration of the twelve judges . replied , that a question of the kind had been nearly decided in a case that occurred in the year 1663.—The question being put , the lords were ordered to be summoned for Tuesday next . The order of the day being read , for the commitment of this the different clauses and provisions of the bill were agreed to by the committee , until that which contains the provisions for compelling the administration , of oaths to witnesses , on regimental courts martial , was arrived at ; when rose and expressed his disapprobation of that part of the clause , as well in point of policy , as in the view of military regulation . He thought the old and uniform practice , with respect to regimental courts martial , should be continued . In the course of his long experience , he had never heard a single complaint , made , or one objection urged against it . The soldiers very seldom appealed from the decision of the regimental to the general courts martial ; and , in the few instances 27 where appeals were made , the sentences of the regimental courts martial were not only confirmed by the superior court , but the punishment greatly increased ; and he never knew an instance of their decisions being reversed , or any kind of slur or stigma thrown upon them by the general courts . He entertained another objection to the clause ; no provision was made for the attendance of a proper person or officer upon these courts martial where the evidence was now proposed to be taken upon oath , to take an account of the testimony so given . He alluded to a person empowered as the deputy judge advocates , to take an account