the 20th day of April last , on which day this house ordered the said lists to be exchanged , there was not Sufficient time for me , by myself , or by my agents , to examine into the rights of 5867 voters , so as to enable me to make 213 out , with sufficient certainty , a list of the objectionable voters received on the poll for the said George Boulton Mainwaring , with the several heads of objection , in the manner ordered by this house ; and therefore no such list , nor any list , has been made out or delivered by me to the said petitioners or their agents : — `` And whereas the said petitioners have delivered to me a list of the persons who voted for me objected to by them , with the several heads of objection , amounting to 1944 persons ; but between the 20th day of April last , the day on which , pursuant to the above-mentioned order of the house , they delivered the said list to me , and the 7th day of May instant , an interval of only sixteen days , on which day the said petition is ordered to be taken into consideration , there is not sufficient time to examine into , and ascertain , the rights and titles of 1944 persons therein objected to , so as to enable me to maintain and defend the same : — '' Now , by virtue of the provisions and enactments contained in the second section of a certain act of parliament , passed in the 28th year of the reign of his present majesty , chap . 52 , intituled , `` An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections , or returns of members to serve in parliament ; '' I do inform this house , by this my declaration , in writing , subscribed by me , and delivered in at the table of this house , that it is not my intention to defend my said election or return . Witness my hand this 1st day of May 1805 . Francis Burdett . `` —The house was moved , that an act , made in the 28th year of his present majesty , for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections or returns of members to serve in parliament , might be read : —And the same was read . —The house was also moved , that the order , made upon the 10th day of April last , for taking into consideration , tomorrow , the petition of George Boulton Mainwaring , esq . sir William Gibbons , baronet , sir William Curtis , baronet , Henry Thornton , esq . William Mellish , esq . and Samuel Pepys Cockerell , esq . complaining of an undue election for the said county , might be read : —And the same being read ; ordered , that the said order be discharged . Ordered , that the said petition be taken into consideration upon Friday , the 7th day of June next , at three of the clock in the afternoon . A petition of 214 several master printers in the cities of London and Westminster , was presented of the house , and read ; setting forth , `` that he petitioners have for many years carried on the printing business , to the general diffusion of literature , the promotion of commerce , the facilitating of every kind of business , and to the great benefit and accommodation of the public at large ; and that , from the extraordinary increase of the printing business for several years past , a great variety of modes of printing has been introduced , and various expedients have been adopted to facilitate its execution , in consequence whereof disputes have frequently arisen with the workmen ; but as the masters ' profits have always been in proportion to the wages paid to the journeymen , the petitioners , standing as they do between the employer and the employed , have constantly been