If while it is entire and connected , it is the object of attack ; if we have even now to exert ourselves in its defence , and to rally round the citudel , to avert the danger which threatens it ; what hope will remain to preserve it , in its broken and mutilated state ? On these grounds , my lords , I conceive this petition to be inadmissible ; and I feel myself compelled to reject it , from a sense of duty to the established church ; which in my conscience I believe to be the best constituted church which the Christian world ever saw ; from a sense of duty to that civil form of government , under which I bless God that I was born and live ; and from a sense of duty to my country . observed that the motion before the house was , in point of form , that the house should resolve mover evidently , and the prayer of the petition expressly was , that the catholics should be admitted to an equal participation of constitutional rights and power on equal terms with the protestants . If this were to be complied with , the constitution of church and state could not , in his judgment , long survive . The catholics professed also their anxiety to be relieved from all tests . This was insinuated in the petition , and it was the language publicly held by the members of that body in Ireland . The house should , in considering this question , recollect , and deeply reflect upon the situation of Ireland . If the demands in the petition were acceded to , the 712 house could not suppose that the catholics would stop there . No , the catholic hierarchy looked for the domains and revenues of the established clergy , and those must follow the grant of those things for which they now applied . Nay , more , the house would feel it necessary to proceed further , the 5th article of the union must be repealed , and the catholic church established in Ireland , for without this be had no hope that the catholic would be contended , and tranquillity securely established . Until the hierarchy were in possession of that church property which they naturally and anxiously desired , they would not cease to excite discontent , and if they ever obtained that property , perhaps matters would not end there . It was , indeed , most probable that a total separation from this country would be the next object of pursuit . Apprehending such consequences from the proposed concessions , and he could assure the house that such was the prevailing apprehensions among the more intelligent protestants in Ireland , he must deprecate the proposition . The comparison made between the case of Scotland and that of Ireland , he felt to be quite unfounded—because the church of the Scotch was the establishment of the country , which remained in quiet obedience to the state of Great Britain , and in perfect harmony with this country . But that any thing like peace or quiet , or harmony , could exist in Ireland while the catholics were subject to such a hierarchy as the present , he thought utterly hopeless . Another difference arose from this , that Scotland was , even if she were hostile to the protestant establishment , by no means equal to Ireland in point of weight and importance in the empire . Besides , the comparisons made , alluded only to persons who sought for places of power and profit in England , and they , it was to be recollected , were obliged to take the sacrament to qualify themselves for such places . The Scotch , therefore , adverted to by the noble mover , became protestants before they were admitted to those high offices he had mentioned . Of course , there was this difference in the two cases—that the presbyterians of Scotland were not eligible to those high offices until they took those tests which the catholics claiming those