passed declaring a man guilty of felony , without benefit of clergy , if paper of a certain sort should be found in his possession , this sort of paper being used for the manufacture of bank notes . Now , the reason of this statue was this , that a man could not be presumed to have such paper in his possession but with a criminal intention . Therefore the breach of the act was proof against him . And the act of the 25th of the king , which applied to the case under consideration , was drawn up upon a similar principle , and the breach of it was to be deemed the proof of the criminal intention . Upon this proof those which arose out of the reason of the law , he had no hesitation in pronouncing the noble lord guilty . At all events , there was no man who could say that strong suspicion , 313 did not attach to him . When private individuals became the objects of suspicion , it was their own affair ; but when suspicion attached to men of high rank in the state , it became a matter of great public interest . Putting all the circumstances of the case together , he could not see that any thing could be obtained to avert the judgment of the house from farther inquiry . Whatever delay might take place , there was only one mode of confirming still farther the guilt of lord Melville , and that was in case Trotter should `` peach ; '' but there was no mode or evidence possible to be imagined that could refute that which lord Melville himself confessed . On that confession then , he called upon the house to proceed , by adopting the motion of his hon . friend . With respect to the charge of lord Melville 's having participated of the profits resulting from Trotter 's application of the public money , he could not say that there was direct evidence before the house ; but there certainly was strong ground of suspicion . The noble lord , it would be recollected , retained the office of treasure of the navy for several years after he was appointed to that of secretary of state , and when in that house allusion was made to the circumstance of his holding the two offices , the answer from the other side of the house was , that although he held those offices , he only received the salary of secretary of state , and nothing from the treasury of the navy . Ay , that is nothing of the legal salary . Did not this justify something more than suspicion ? Why should the noble lord so fondly cling to this office of his friend , Mr. Trotter ? There were many other persons among even his own relations who would have been glad to occupy this situation . But no ; lord Melville seemed particularly attached to it , and would any man of common sense , in considering a thing of this kind , make no inference from that attachment . Another objection arose against the proposed committee , from this consideration , that he did not see that any of the difficulties which some gentlemen complain of could be removed ; that any of the obscure accounts could be explained . Those accounts were indeed of such a nature , that the parties themselves could not understand them , and how , then , could it be possible for a committee of that house to make any thing of them ? —It had been said that the house should proceed with the utmost deliberation in deciding upon character . But upon whose character were they to decide on 314 this occasion ? Not , upon that of lord Melville , for his character was entirely gone ; but upon the character of the house and the government , which must depend upon the vote of this night . As to the character of lord Melville it was so completely destroyed in public estimation for ever