calamitous period of the rebellion , ever in so short a time made such improvement in agriculture , commerce , wealth , and general civilization . When you gave this encouragement to agriculture in Ireland , and adopted measures to increase the prosperity of the country , you were aware that the augmentation of wealth would first shew itself in the lower and middling classes of society . As the country advanced in wealth the people derived a greater share of influence , and you found it necessary to give them some share in the constitution . By the magnanimity of Great Britain , you acknowledged the right of an independent government . This state of things brought you to the year 1792 , when , by a measure which every one will reflect on with pride and satisfaction , you at last extended to the catholics of Ireland a participation of all the privileges of British subjects , with the exception of those referred to in the petition . You gave them the privilege of voting at elections for members of parliament ; you allowed them to be appointed to all offices , except the small number mentioned it the act of the Irish parliament . Here then was the fact of a system gradually pursued up to this period ; and here , for a time , a stand was made , not , I hope , on the opinion of those who made it , that it was right to take a 658 fixed stand , and say , we will admit you to these privileges , but from all beyond them we must exclude you . The reason , I apprehend , was entirely different ; it was because the system of amelioration had not been sudden but gradual ; because experience had shewn you , that denying a privilege at one period did not infer the expediency of denying it at another ; because , when adopting measures of such extent , and operating so much on the passions of men , it was necessary to know what you could give without interruption to that harmony , which it was your wish to maintain , in order that it might appear that what was given , large as it was , was granted with a liberal hand , and that the manner of the gift might tend to conciliate the minds of those to whom it was given . Independently of these considerations , there are others of great , I may say , almost decisive weight . I have no difficulty in stating , that they are considerations which make it doubtful whether these privileges could have-been given in the Irish parliament , without the risk of something like a convulsion . In the first place , the parliament of Ireland , particularly the popular part , was constituted , not as ours is , rising up by a concurrence of accidental causes , and producing a just expression of the sense of the country , but it was constituted with the precise object of making the legislature a protestant one , to the exclusion of three-fourths of the population . You know , that when a large addition was made to the representation in the house of commons in Ireland , it was for the purpose , and with a view of rendering it as exclusively protestant as possible . It was a question much agitated , whether , if the right of sitting in the parliament of Ireland was conceded to the catholics , a grant of that nature could be made without leading to consequences which no man would venture to foresee . Another difficulty arose of great moment , which was , that supposing the objections were not so well founded as they were judged to be , or , being well founded , measures had been proposed to remove them without danger or mischief , and that the parliament of Ireland could have been open to the catholic population of the country , it might have probably occurred to enquire , whether such a measure would have been consistent