issued a precept to the treasurer of the navy , calling on him to produce certain papers , and it was not a little singular that two months elapsed before any answer was returned . What , in the mean time , was the conduct of the treasurer of the navy ? Why truly , he could make no return to the commissioners till he had taken the advice of majesty 's attorney did solicitor general . This the learned gent . maintained , was to the commissioners as acting under the express sanction parliament , extremely indecent and disrespectful . The treasurer of the navy , if he laboured under any difficulty how to act , ought to have applied to the commissioners for advice and instruction . It was not unknown to the house , that one of the commissioners was a member of the 395 profession to which he had the honour to belong , and certainly , with all due deference to the attorney and solicitor general , his opinion was as greatly to be respected on all constitutional points as theirs possibly could be . The treasurer of the navy was culpable then for not applying to those whom parliament had invested with vast powers for the correction of enormous abuses . He put the case of a court of justice where certain important documents were to be procured . Here it would surely be strange if on an application for their production , a reference should be had , not to the court itself but to the crown lawyers . Not less extraordinary was the conduct of the treasurer of the navy . From July till October had elapsed to give time for the right hon . gent . to consult the attorney and solicitor general , and in the mean time no pains appeared to have been taken to procure the commissioners the information they required . Indeed , it appeared from the examination of Fennel , that though he was nominally employed to prepare the accounts , he was positively engaged in making out the accounts of lord Bayning , who had been out of office for 20 years . He was decidedly for the motion . denied that the treasurer of the navy had been backward to furnish information . He had , on the contrary , given every possible facility to the enquiries of the commissioners . He went over the same grounds which had been traced by those who spoke on the same side of the question . He wished particularly to know whether the hon . admiral was serious in his assertion that the commissioners took shame to themselves for not putting Wilson in prison in consequence of his evidence ? If they were serious in this assertion , they were fit only to be Inquisitors , and not legal temperate commissioners . [ Here there were loud and violent marks of disapprobation . ] Returning to the question before the House , he conjured gentlemen to look at the question with moderation and temper . With this view , he thought the delay of a day would be highly expedient , and in the mean time he was desirous that the whole paragraph should be read by the clerk at the table . This was the more necessary , as the paragraph as read by the hon . mover did not form a whole.—The whole was read accordingly , and the following makes up the whole paragraph complained of : Those who were so very impatient to de- 396 prive Mr. Pitt of so able a coadjutor , were equally zealous in their endeavours to restore to the public the unaccounted millions of which that public has been so disgracefully robbed , there would perhaps be some excuse for all that affectation of public virtue which has lately distinguished certain bawling patriots of the day . Lord Melville has not deprived the public of a single farthing . His most implacable enemies have not dared to charge him with such an act . Can as much be said of the fathers of some men ? If the