his public duty overbore the private esteem he had for lord Melville ; in a word , the right hon . gent . was in himself an epitome of what a committee ought to be ; since he possessed , in an eminent degree , all the qualities he himself required in that body . With respect to the other hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , who it appeared would do his duty with more satisfaction if the committee was appointed as he wished , he was satisfied their object was to discover truth , and detect guilt . There was , no doubt , from the zeal , activity , and perseverance of that hon . gent . that they would be able to procure every information , and that the objects of the committee would have their fullest effect , as it was now chosen . He therefore thought the mode by which the committee had been appointed was more calculated to attain their purpose , than the one proposed by the hon . gentleman . in explanation , stated , that he did not use the words alluded to by the right hon . gent . in the sense attributed to him . When he made use of the phrase , `` accusing committee , '' he did not mean that it was to be so composed as the learned gent . imagined ; it was not his wish to exclude impartiality from it , although he wished that the valuable qualities of research , intelligence , and investigation should be amply discovered in it . stated , that he did not think the circulation of lists an offence of that grave character that some gentlemen seemed to conceive . He thought it perfectly justifiable , for if men , whose political inclinations generally coincided , did not Consult and concur with each other upon such occasions as the one which had just given rise to the discussion before the house , it would be in the power of any ten members to carry the appointment of the persons who should be nominated to try the most important question . He believed lists might have been circulated from the treasury ; but to counterbalance this , had not opposition their lists also ? If no lists should be sent out , government , or opposition , or any other lot of men , might decide upon any question where ballot should be employed ; and the noble lord who was now objected to might have his ten friends , and be borne off by that number of persons politically attached to him , or ruined by his adversaries . He would acknowledge he had received one of those lists , from whom he knew not ; and he exercised his discretion upon it to the same extent that he presumed every member who received one did ; he made such alterations in it , and those with respect to more names than one , as he conceived indispensible towards obtaining an impartial , active , and enlightened committee . He could perceive that on the ballot but few of the opposition members put in their lists , and he thought he could perceive the motives which influenced them to decline the exercise of that privilege ; and that was , because they had determined at the time to bring forward this motion . He was one of those who had voted with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) in censuring lord Melville , and upon that occasion he had acted with a number of friends , among whom many shades and differences of opinion existed , respecting the degree of culpability imputable to that noble lord . Was the tenor of that vote to be arraigned , because they had met and consulted with each other ? He did not suppose the hon . gent . would say yes . He felt it to be his duty to concur in the motion of that hon . gent . on the 8th ; and although he had since differed with him on