a curious scene is disclosed . Mr. Trotter , it is found , is busily engaged in buying all sorts of stock , and particularly active in purchasing navy bills , when they were at a price which rendered it almost certain that they might be afterwards disposed of to advantage . But while Mr. Trotter is so busy , what has become of lord Melville and his responsibility ? Does he ever interfere to prevent these speculations ? Does it never occur to him that it is extremely indecent for a paymaster of the navy thus to be sporting with the public money ? I do think that it was the sacred duty of lord Melville to have told Mr. Trotter that he must either give up these connexions , or cease to be paymaster of the navy . If it had happened that in some of his extensive speculations he had been disappointed , inevitable ruin must have been the consequence . Had Mr. Trotter fell , it was not to him but to lord Melville 271 that the public were to look for redress . Lord Melville was involved in the fall of his paymaster , and all the consolation the public had , was to know that they were again to make good what the , servants of the public had peculated . I. can not allow myself then to think that the house will be backward in agreeing with me that the negligent criminality of lord Melville was deserving of the severest reprehension . Let me , sir , recal to your attention what was the period when these speculations were going forward . It was in the very midst of our distresses ; it was while the people were struggling up against that load of public burdens under which we groaned , that Mr. Trotter , with the assistance of that silent and discreet stock-broker Mark Sprott , were laying their heads together to lay out the public money to the greatest advantage . What was the whole amount of the sums so employed we have not the means of ascertaining . But this is of no consequence ; for , as I have already observed , it is not the extent of the sum misapplied , but the general principle of misapplication that I contend for . I assert that Mark Sprott ought to have been more severely interrogated . There is no doubt that he is the man to give the clue to this nefarious business . Even his silence , however , was extremely expressive . It is not easy to conceive any thing more strange than the reasons , he urged for his silence . He tells the commissioners openly , `` I have had the opinion of Mr. serjeant Shepherd and other eminent lawyers , and they advise me to preserve a religious silence . '' Only be silent , say nothing , and we may be able to do something for you ; but if you give answers , we much fear it is all over with you . Lord Melville and Mr. Mark Sprott are not quite uniform on this part of the business . Mr. Mark Sprott says nothing , but Lord Melville owns he knew of the transaction , but not of the detail . Sir , I say , if he knew of the transactions generally , and not of the detail , this , so far from rendering him less criminal , renders him still more guilty . If be was apprised that his paymaster was speculating in the funds , and if he derived no part of the profit , he was bound to see what was the extent of such speculations . He ought to have felt that his responsibility was in danger , and that it was full time for him to put a stop to so serious all evil.—After illustrating this idea by reference to Mr. Trotter 's salary as in- 272 adequate to any extensive speculations , the hon . gent . proceeded to animadvert on the origin of Mr. Trotter 's connexion with lord Melville . Lord