would move for a committee to consider of the consumption of beer in Ireland , and of making an allowance to the retailers of spirits in the cities of Dublin , Cork , Waterford , and Limerick , for the losses which they may incur in consequence of the new regulations . He should also move for a committee to inquire into the Stamp Duties Act for that part of the United Kingdom.—The Irish Post Road bill was committed , and ordered to be reported tomorrow . —The Irish Promissory Note bill , and the Irish Bank Tokens bill were reported , and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—The Irish Loan bill was read a third time , and passed.—The Paymaster General 's Office Regulation bill was read a second time , and ordered to be referred to a committee on Monday next.—Mr . George Ponsonby rose to make the motion , of which he gave notice yesterday , relative to the Country Road act . He said , by the present law , the grand jury at the spring assizes were empowered to make improvements , and the money is to be raised at the summer assizes . But there was no power in any one to retain any sum for particular purposes , so that if a road was made of bad materials , and grew bad , there was no sum at disposal to make it better , but it must remain so till next year . One of the objects he had in view was , that the overseers or road makers should retain such a sum as might he deemed necessary to fill up such chasms as might be made in roads . Another , that in several parts the roads must be made with stones , and they who make the roads have not proper weapons to break them . The jury should , therefore , provide those . He hoped the gentlemen from Ireland would not think him an enemy to the present system ; on the con- 617 trary , he wished the grand jury to have more power if necessary . He concluded with moving , `` that leave be given to bring in a bill to amend the laws now existing relative to making roads in Ireland , pursuant to presentiments of grand juries . '' Granted.—A petition of the master , wardens , freemen and commonalty , of the mystery of vintners of the city of London , under their common seal , being offered to be presented to the house ; the chancellor of the exchequer , by his majesty 's command , acquainted the house , that his majesty , having been informed of the contents of the said petition , recommended it to the consideration of the house . Then the said petition was brought up , and read ; taking notice of the bill to alter and amend an act , passed in the 40th year of his present majesty , for making wet docks , basons , cuts , and other works , for the greater accommodation and security of shipping , commerce , and revenue , within the port of London , and for extending the powers and provisions of the said act ; and setting forth , that the petitioners apprehend they may suffer loss or damage by reason of the works mentioned in the said act , and submit that they are entitled to compensation in respect thereof ; and therefore praying , that provision may be made in the said bill for that purpose Ordered , That the said petition be referred to the consideration of a committee ; and that they do examine the matter thereof , and report the same , as it shall appear to them , to the house . And a committee was appointed accordingly ; and the said committee have power to send for persons , papers , and records . —Mr . Calcraft moved for the following papers , which were ordered ; —a copy of the grant or charter of her majesty queen Elizabeth , to the corporation of the