; but this must be sustained by property , for without it there would be little importance attached to rank . But , said the right honourable gentleman , ( Mr. Pitt ) landed property is not chargeable 'with this ditty ; he agreed that it was not chargeable in words ; but was it not so in substance ? The right honourable gentleman referred to the prudence and tenderness of fathers , and argued that they would leave the legacies to younger children free from this tax . If they did so , how was it to be done ? By charging the amount of this tax on the legacies granted , to the estate of the eldest son . Thus it was evident from the words of the chancellor of the exchequer , that the operation of the tax would be eventually on landed property . He contended , therefore , that the house ought to pause and reflect seriously before it acceded to a measure , which , by indirect wording , would have the effect of a positive duty on the land throughout the kingdom . He begged to remind the right honourable gentleman , that taxes of this description had been always censured by those who had written and thought most upon subjects of this kind ; it should not be forgotten that they ascribed the imposing of them to evident symptoms 94 of a decline ; this is was not only true in the abstract , but confirmed by the experiences of ages , and the history of those countries Which fell to rise no more . But if he objected to the bill on this ground , he was still more averse to it in a political view . In a mixed government , like this , the credit of an hereditary aristocracy could only be kept up by great possessions and extensive influence . These possessions and this influence were both attacked by the bill , which , for the first time , attached to legacies of land , as well as to personal property . Such taxes had ever been condemned by the wisest political economists . They had always been considered as evidences , when resorted to , of a declining state . He hoped and trusted that such was not yet the situation of this country ; but it was impossible for any considerate man to see such taxes introduced without a considerable degree of anxiety . The tax was one of the most glaring inequality . It was indeed a direct tax on misfortune , and calculated to aggravate affliction . Every fresh death called forth its operation ; and it was impossible to say how often or to what amount it might be paid . The right honourable gentleman 's argument , therefore , of the smallness of the sum to be paid , was altogether nugatory . He fully entered into all that had been said about the hardships to which it would subject a younger brother . The right honourable gentleman had said , that if their portion was in land they would not be called on to pay . This was mere evasion ; for every one knew that small divisions of land were not nearly so valuable , and therefore the younger brothers would have a strong temptation to sell their shares , even at a very disadvantageous price . But the right honourable gentleman had further contended , that a small additional sum would cover the tax , and remove the difficulty complained of . What was this but in other words to say , that the land was to pay the tax , and if so , why did not the right honourable gentleman propose the tax in this direct form ? He strongly condemned the bill , as establishing a monstrous difference between heirs by settlement , and heirs by birth and consanguinity . This was an objection which had great weight in his mind . It was contrary to every principle of justice to place those on a worse footing , who derived their rights from nature , than