and ability of his commander , or perhaps thinks something might have been done better—what must he his feelings , if he is obliged to add , `` But I can never expect to command an army ; all my thoughts are useless ; I may be a colonel , perhaps a general , but a general on the staff , that I can never be ! I go to my station , because I am a man of honour ; but can I do it with the same eagerness as if , after have escaped the danger , my reward was to he proportioned ? Does not such a consideration as this lay an extinguisher on military enterprise ? Is it not desirable that every man should look , for the purpose of exciting his activity and zeal , to future rewards of the highest sort ? But put it in another way . Is it not of importance that every man entrusted with the concerns of others should feel the necessity of gaining a great character for ability and integrity ? It is not only satisfactory but necessary . But if you say , there there is a plus ultra , beyond which you can not go—you are to think only filling your coffers , quocunque modo rem , how different must be the situation of him who feels he can never rise in his profession , though endued with the most splendid talents , compared with the man whose exertions are excited by the prospect of future honours ! Do you think these men the Catholics , do not believe themselves to be a marked people , separated from the rest of the community , not on account of then 846 * religious opinons , but the-political opinions connected with them ? In all great concerns , the extent of the justice or injustice is of considerable importance . Who is it you are thus stigmatizing and degrading ? Is it a people of a particular way of thinking ? No , it is three-fourths of the people of Ireland , and one-fourth of all his majesty 's subjects in Europe . Would you think , that , under these circumstances , such a thing could be , so far as to the part that relates to the control of the king 's prerogative ? I ought , however , first to mention the exclusion from being sheriffs ; but that is more connected with the jurisdiction I shall have to mention hereafter . Can any body suppose , that government would be likely to put improper persons into the office of sheriff in Ireland ? Would they nominate catholic sheriffs , to raise disturbances ? I say , it is one of the occasions in which it is least possible to suspect an abuse of the King 's prerogative , and where it ought not to be controlled . Now with respect to parliament , the votes of the peers in parliament subsisted during the reigns of Elizabeth , James I. Charles I. and II . till somewhere about the period of 1698 . I would ask the most zealo is historian that took the side against the Stuarts , whether any mischief by the votes of the catholic peers did really occur ? Here I quote Mr. Locke , who says— `` and with respect to the votes of the catholic peers , I think , provided the test act is preserved , they are fit and beneficial . '' When did they cease ? In 1698 , upon discovery of the popish plot , suppose it to be true or false , when the country was thrown into a paroxysm of terror , when it was believed that the catholics were going to massacre the protestants , when it was expected they were to have the assistance of the king of Spain , and when the ridiculous story of the silver bullets was set on foot . It was at such a moment of popular fury this measure passed . No man thought of expelling the catholics from parliament till the people had been