, be an excuse provoking only indignation and resentment . Or would it be esteemed a better argument to allege that the books and other documents from which it might have been possible to have cast some light on the accounts , had been burnt or intentionally destroyed ? An allegation of this kind must with them meet with equal respect and attention . Every day of their lives , they were called on to prosecute for offences of less magnitude . Would the right hon . and learned gent . who presided in a court of equity ; would another right hon . and learned gent . whose duty it more particularly was to prosecute for delinquencies , and who did think it so incumbent on him to check even the appearance of corruption , as to prosecute a person in an inferior rank of life for an attempt to bribe a right hon . gent . then at the head of administration ( now lord Sidmouth ) ; —would they attempt to palliate a business of this kind , or would they not rather feel it their duty to join with him , and assist in bringing delinquents of a higher order also to justice ? He begged gentlemen to keep in view the distressed state of the country in general . The opulent were obliged to part with their superfluities ; and , from the nobleman to the peasant , every one was obliged to make corresponding sacrifices . We were told , indeed , that such were necessary for our salvation ; but , in a case like the present , it was the duty of that house and of the public to be satisfied that our resources , so painfully raised , were not thrown away by improper management . The hon . member then moved , rose . He said , he could not but admit , that the hon . gent . had , during the former part of his speech , adhered strictly to the observance of that moderation and temper which he had promised at the outset . Towards the end , however , of his speech , he had departed altogether from the tone in which he had begun it ; and in the address , with which he concluded , to the house , appeared to endeavour , by an appeal to the passions on topics not applicable to the subject in discussion , to excite an undue impression favourable to his proposition . The hon . gent . had adverted to the burthens which the exigencies of affairs had rendered necessary , and appeared to insinuate broadly , that the transaction , which was the object of his motion , had been the means not only of augmenting those burthens , but a considerable aggravation of them . It was important to have this matter investigated , as , if the fact were so , that the public burthens had been aggravated to any extent by the misconduct or malversation of any person or persons in office , there was no man in the 280 house would deny that such practices were a fit object of accusation in that house . But that appeal to the feelings of gentlemen , and with reference to irrelevant topics , was by no means calculated to promote a just and impartial decision on the merits of the case , according to any principle of equity or fairness . Whatever opinion might be entertained respecting any part of the materials contained in the report , it was evident that it did not contain a single allegation of any mischief having arisen to the public , or of any loss having been actually sustained— ( a loud and tumultuous cry of `` hear ! hear ! '' from the opposition . ) This indecent attempt to prevent the freedom of speech by clamour was little suited to the dignity and solemnity of their proceedings , and he looked upon it as no good omen that the moderation professed by the hon . member in the discussion had been departed from , if those