when a partial invasion had actually taken place , their attachment to the establishment , under which they suffered so much , was again most conspicuous . Under these circumstances , and in consideration of their loyalty and good conduct , as was expressly stated , his present majesty was advised to remove some of their chains . In 1774 , the oath of allegiance which they now take was enacted . In 1778 , some the most galling and degrading parts of the code of polpery lawa was abrogated . In 1782 , they were admitted to the rights of property ; and finally , in 1793 , every thing that remained , including many important civil rights , was granted . with the exception only of those privileges for which they now petition . Undoubtedly , the catholics of Ireland have received great and important advantages during the present reign ; but I can not agree with those who are so forward to tax them with ingratitude , when I consider the manner in which these concessions have been made , especially the last and most important ones in 1793 . Indeed , the concessions have all appeared to proceed rather from the fear of irritation in times of public difficulty , then from any thing like an enlarged and liberal system of policy . But this observation applies particularly to the last concessions . Your lordships all recollect the manner in which the French revolution had unsettled men 's minds , and the wild theories of liberty and equality which were generally entertained . The Irish catholics , as might reasonable be expected , thought the moment favourable for urging their claims ; and in consequence , they petitioned the parliament of that country in 820 the year 1792 , to grant the remaining privileges which they now enjoy . The Irish parliament rejected their application with scorn , by a division of two hundred and twenty-eight to twenty-three . During the next recess , all the protestant gentlemen throughout the country , corporations , and grand juries , backed by the authority of government , pledged themselves to support this vote of parliament ; and yet , in the very beginning of the following year , the same parliament and the same government almost unanimously and tamely conceded what they had a few months before so contumeliously rejected . No circumstance having intervened , except an increase of public difficulties , increased boldness of the catholics , and this inconsistent change in the conduct of government , can it be expected that they should feel any very lively sentiments of gratitude for favours so refused and so granted ? When the union was in agitation , I stated this instance of maladministration in the government , and profligate inconsistency in the parliament of Ireland , as sufficient alone to justify that great measure ; and I now again state it , to prove how little reason the catholics have for very warm gratitude to those who so conferred the favours they have received . Was it to be expected that , under such circumstances , the catholics body should rest contented , or that they should not be tempted to expect that what remained would also be conceded , or , indeed , could not be refused by the Irish parliament ? This was another argument for the union ; for it was truly stated , that whenever the two legislatures were united , the catholic claims might be discussed with every possible advantage ; and that they might be safely trusted to the temper and moderation of the imperial legislature . The catholics certainly might reasonably entertain the best hopes that they would be granted ; for they must have felt , that the united parliament would be without those prejudices , and that intolerant spirit which they had fatally experienced in the protestants of Ireland . I wish not to dwell upon the unhappy rebellion of 1798 , which has been more than once adverted to in the course of this debate , except to give my most decided opinion , that it ought