had a very different tendency . He alluded to that , which was afloat in the market , and every day bought and sold under circumstances injurious to the establishment of the church , the interests of religion , and ; he believed , against the laws of the realm ; the patronage of such persons might easily be placed in better hands , and in none more advantageously than those of the universi- 452 ties . He had not the least apprehension on the score of too rapid a succession . And , convinced as he felt of the beneficial tendency of the measure , he should support the original motion . though he professed himself not unfriendly to the bill , yet was of opinion that their lordships had not sufficient information to go upon : a practical inconvenience was a matter capable of proof ; let that be brought forward , and the amount and respective value of the livings in the hands of the different colleges should also be known . The funds of the universities may also be matter of proper consideration , for it was important to know how far they had the means of providing , which they themselves held forth as a remedy for the alleged grievance : there was no evidence whatever on these heads before the house . shortly observed , he was in possession of some detailed information on those heads , did noble lords deem it necessary . resumed . He contended for the propriety of having an account of the number and value of livings in the gift of the different colleges , as some of those it might be desirable to augment . The state of their respective funds should also be known . One general rule could not properly be laid down for the whole . The means of some colleges for providing for its members may be more than sufficient ; of others , they may be inadequate . It was a subject on which they should not proceed to legislate blindly . It may , however , be desirable to go into a committee on the bill , as that detailed mode of discussion may at least give them an idea of the precise nature of the necessary information . in some degree agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , in deeming that the house was not possessed of sufficient information : he thought it , however , better to proceed with the bill and endeavour to get the necessary information , than to postpone the measure to an indefinite period , without the least certainty of procuring the necessary information . It would be preferable to go into the committee , to ascertain the precise nature of the information wanted , and adopt measures to obtain it . The measure before the house was , he contended , brought forward on adequate parliamentary grounds . The real merits of the bill , as it then stood , 453 resolved into this question , did there now exist sufficient grounds for continuing the restriction ? With respect to the apprehension of a rapid succession , he thought those persons who so worthily presided in the different colleges would take care to prevent that ; but he was inclined , upon the whole , to credit the assertion that the present succession to the college livings was too slow , and in considering this part of the subject , the peculiarly strong claims of those who were to be ameliorated by the bill , should be attended to . The question under consideration was not of figures or of numerical calculation , but of reasoning , feeling , and presumption . With respect to that salutary and beneficial connection which subsisted between the property of the laity , and the religious establishments of the country , did he perceive the least tendency in the bill to militate against the measure ; but with a most reverend prelate , he thought it would have a contrary tendency . He had no fears on that head , for even did too great an accumulation