of allegiance to their natural sovereign.—On the accession of James II . a bigoted papist , he , finding himself invested by this oath with the supreme governance of the established church , was induced by his bigotry , in direct breach of his coronation oath , to use this authority for the subversion of the church , from the monarch 's being invested with such power , was noticed by the sagacious patriots who conducted the revolution ; and on that glorious event they determined to rescue the church from such peril , and expunged from the oath of supremacy the clause `` that the king is the only supreme governor of this realm , as well in spiritual or ecclesiastic things or causes , as temporal ; '' so that the subject is now only bound to swear , by the oath of supremacy , to the independence of the empire on any foreign power ; and it is merely and simply and oath of allegiance to the state : in fact it was always so , and such as no subject , who is not a traitor , can conscientiously refuse ; it is , as it now stands , completely purged of all reasonable , or even plausible objection : it never was an oath 873 of exclusion , or even of restriction , unless of traitors ; it is absolutely , strictly , and literally conformable to the ancient and acknowledged common law of the realm . That ancient common law is acknowledged , repeated , and recognised , in the preamble of statue of præmunire , enacted in the 16th of Richard II . at the time this kingdom was in communion with the Romish church : that statue recites , `` that the crown of England hath ever been free , and subject to none , but immediately unto God ; and the laws and statues of this realm ought not to be submitted to the bishop of Rome , to be defeated at his pleasure , to the destruction of the king , his crown , and his regalia , and of all the realm , which God defend . '' This was the voice of the people in open parliament at that time . See the statue , Carte 's Ormod , vol . I. from page 36 to 43 . See also Davis 's Reports , case of Præmunire.—The romanists of day complain of the laws which enjoin the taking of this oath , declaring that they can not in conscience take it , that it is to them an exclusive oath , as they can not sit in Parliament without taking it ; and they and their abettors ( among whom in this point they muster all the jacobins in the country ) desire to have these laws repealed . They plead thus : we are from conscience traitors to our country ; we maintain that our country is subject to a foreign power ; we are always ready to support the authority of that foreign power in every possible way , by arms or otherwise , and to bow down our country to its authority : we therefore demand the repeal of the laws which oblige us to swear allegiance to the constitutional governing power of our country ; which repeal will be a national acknowledgment of the dependance of our country on , and its subjection to , a foreign tribunal . It will enable us to procure seats in the great supreme council of the nation ; and confer power on us to betray the independence of our country . The pope and all our divines assure us , that we are bound in conscience to do so , when we shall procure power . Dr . Troy , our archbishop of Dublin , and eminent dignitary of our church , in his pastoral letter , published in 1793 , has told us , `` that it is a fundamental article of the Roman catholics faith , that the pope or bishop of Rome is successor to St. Peter , prince of the apostles , in