in an offensive manner , still less did understand the principle on which the house should dictate to any petitioner the form in which he should frame his petition . There could be but little freedom where the party petitioned should dictate the form in which the petition should he drawn . All petitions which were not disrespectful to the house were regular , and which the house , therefore , ought to receive . He believed that in this petition there was not single sentence , word , or syllable , which reflected on the house , or on any part of it . It alluded to certain societies which formerly existed in this country , and to the efforts which certain members of the house made to counteract the machinations of such societies . Why should that give any offence to any members of that house ? Were there any gentlemen the house who wished to identify themselves with those societies ? How they could feel themselves uneasy under this allusion was what he was at a loss to comprehend , and until now the house had not been called in this case to exercise either its vengeance its anger . explained , and observed , that the hon . gent . had not accurately recollected the case to which he referred , and Which recollection he intreated him to improve , for he was wrong in every fact he had stated concerning it . He never moved in his life against the press . The motion alluded to was made by an hon . gent . then member for Bridport ( Mr. Sturt ) who was not now a member of the house . The house came to a determination of appointing a committee , which elected him chairman , by which committee the publication in question was deemed a gross and scandalous libel . A motion was afterwards made , that it should be burnt by the hands of the common hangman . The matter ended in directing the attorney general to prosecute the author . The case went before a jury , who acquitted the author , and that was the history of the whole case . explained , and observed , that he did not apply what he said to the motion of the hon . gent . who spoke 562 last on that occasion , but to the language he held forth in the debate , by which he called for heavy punishment of the house on a person who was ultimately acquitted by jury . thought the words used by the petitioner were indecent , and such as the house could not , without a surrender of its dignity , pass over without some punishment to mark the sense it entertained of the misconduct.—The house then divided , for the motion 142—against it 121—majority 21 . The petitioner was then brought to the bar , where he received a reprimand from Mr. Speaker , and was ordered to be discharged out of custody , paying his fees.—The reprimand was as followeth , viz.—Peter Stuart , you having confessed that you were the printer and publisher of a paper which has been complained of to the house as containing libellous reflections upon its character and conduct ; — this house resolved that you were thereby guilty of a high breach of its privileges , and ordered you to be taken into custody . By your petition you have this day expressed your sorrow for your offence , and acknowledged the justice of your punishment ; and thereupon this house , in its lenity , has ordered that you be now brought to the bar to be reprimanded and discharged . I have now , therefore , to reprimand and admonish you , as a warning to others , that this house doth and will resent it as a high offence in any man who shall presume to slander its character and conduct , and endeavour to degrade it in the public estimation . You being now reprimanded , it is my duty further to acquaint you , that you are discharged ; —paying