made public , let the enquiry be a secret one . At the present moment , indeed , the friends of the earl St. Vincent did not appear to be very numerous in that house ; nor were they much wanting to a man who might safely rest his character on the sentiments of a grateful and affectionate people . Whatever that unconnected gentleman might think himself , he fancied he would not find it an easy task to convince the people of England that the earl St. Vincent was the enemy of his country . He thought he had a right to expect , that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) himself would have given some favourable opinion of at least the professional merits of the noble earl , when he heard his character arraigned in such a manner , by this unconnected individual . When he heard so illustrious a character reviled , without any appeal to former friendship , to extend towards it the protection of his own opinion , was no more than what was due from one great man in a high 734 situation to another . They differed indeed in their opinions , on the best means of naval administration ; but he should not have thought that a reason why he should so abandon him in every other respect . A fair and manly hostility to the noble earl , like that of the unconnected individual , would , in his opinion , be more becoming in the right hon . gent . than the grant of papers , professing to brand the noble earl in the manner expressed by his present adversary . This was not a charge that respected any particular expedition , or partial failure , but a broad accusation , which ought either to be sifted to the bottom , or all documents be refused upon it . When the hon . accuser seemed to doubt whether these papers might in the result , tend to an enquiry , he must have had a most extravagant opinion of his own motion , to think it would he sufficient of itself for condemnation . For his own part , be was of a very different opinion , and wished , in conclusion , distinctly to state on the part of earl St. Vincent , that all his lordship looked for was a full and fair enquiry . said , he did not see why the right hon . gent . should rest his observations particularly on him , as he , no more than any other member , could judge whether the papers might endure an enquiry , until he could examine the nature of them all . When this motion was first noticed , it seemed to be the general wish , on all sides , that the papers should be granted , and he alone wished for a delay , which led him , as he stated before , to object to two of them , as inconsistent with the public safety ; but , he could not foresee effect of the remainder . If the house exmined the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , they would observe it to consist of alternate sentences : the one tending to court , and the other to suppress enquiry . As to what had been alluded to of protection , he had only to say , that he should be always ready to protect earl St. Vincent , or any other man , against injustice . The remembrance he had of the great professional services of the noble earl would a sufficient restraint against any hostility on his part towards him ; but , he had long since expressed his opinion of his conduct in the admiralty , and he had not yet seen any reason to retract it . The past professional merits of the noble earl , however great , were not sufficient grounds to defend the faults in his administration . For his own part , he declared that he had no wish for , nor