one of these collectors , though in a man 's private concerns he would not allow an agent to pay himself , and also retain an eight part of his himself , and also retain an eighth part of his receipts , unless , on the assurance that the balance was quite safe.—He had a right , therefore , to take if for granted , that this was a solvent and sufficient answer , for which reason he should bring it into the amount of the year . He would even venture to ask the right hon . gent . whether he had reason to think that a remission was given of any of these balances 32 and if he wanted a clue , he would refer to the memorable failure in 1800 . These balances were so enormous a grievance , that as long as he had a seat in that house , he should bring the subject annually under the consideration of Parliament . Were these sums available , they would have superseded the necessity of a loan in this country of 2½ millions for Ireland , and it would be easy to recede from the plan of borrowing an other million , and to issue government paper in the room of it . Even the four million revenue promised , must be more uncertain under this system , as it must come through the hands of the same bankrupt collectors , who were already so very much in arrear . To prove the hardships Ireland laboured under , he contended , that one of its greatest difficulties arose from the debt it contracted in the year 1800 , for the purpose of purchasing the representations of boroughs necessary to be disfranchised for the put , poses of the union.—He did not see why this should fall exclusively on Ireland , or why England , which benefitted by the union , should not pay a part of the expences of it . On these and various other grounds , he maintained that his country expected from the right hon . gent . that he would resist new taxes in Ireland , while there was a considerable balance due to it from England , which had the means of payment . said , the hon . gent . who spoke last had anticipated much of what he had intended to state . He confessed , that some of the taxes proposed appeared to him unexceptionable , though there were many of the articles upon which he wished all taxes to be abolished in that country . Though he had no objection whatever to the duty proposed on raisins , pepper , and coffee , yet he had every objection to an encreased duty on timber . Instead of being , as stated , a protection to the growing plantations in Ireland , it would encourage the cutting down of what little timber there was , and leave the cottages of the miserable peasantry perfectly unroofed . The present plantations being only in their infancy , Would not be available in less than half a century , and to depend upon them for immediate purposes , would be as absurd as that of a man who , being advised to drink cyder , should set about planting an orchard . He also reprobated the tax upon horses , and he could not well discriminate between horses for pleasure and horses for use , as they were both so generally united ; but what he de- 33 precated most was , the precedent which might induce some future chancellor of the exchequer to extend the tax to horses used in agriculture . He touched upon all the articles in the catalogue of taxes , and dwelt principally on the Postage Duty , to which he would , however , make no objection , in consequence of the assurance given by the right hon . gent . that the posts would be protested , and he also hoped that the revenue of it would be collected with more regularity and economy , instead of costing the country , as it did now