delinquency , which , he had reason to think , he could make appear , in case the documents he should forthwith move for were granted to him ; and this consideration , without going farther , he would aver , was an adequate and sufficient reason for their production . The noble earl then moved , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order that there be laid before the house , an account of all monies and sums drawn from the West Indies , upon his majesty 's treasury , from the 1st of Dec. 1798 , to the 1st of Dec. 1802 , specifying the amount of the respective drafts , the time of their being respectively drawn , and the different times of payment . said , he did not rise to oppose the motion , the nature of which the noble earl had communicated to him a few minutes since ; but , to express his opinion generally , that documents of the kind should not be produced , unless some adequate parliamentary or public grounds were laid for such production . Such motions should not be made , as he feared , was sometimes the case , idly , or upon light grounds . For , independent of other important considerations , it should be recollected , that such proceedings induce great inconvenience , at different public offices , and sometimes so as materially to interfere with the necessary dispatch of public business . To the present motion he had no objection ; nor did he mean , in any thing said , the least to call in question the general right of parliament , on sufficient grounds , to call for official information ; more especially in what ( and winch was peculiarly and constitutionally is province ) concerned the public expenditure . acquiesced in the observations of the noble secretary of state . There was one expression which , he said , he was sorry had fallen from him , namely , a motion idly made . This by no means could apply to that which he had just submitted to the house ; for , if he were not greatly mistaken , or misinformed , he could ground , upon the documents moved for , a charge of delinquency on the part of the treasury . explained , that it was obvious , that what he stated generally could not be intended to apply to the motion of the noble earl , inasmuch as he expressly stated he did not mean to oppose it.—The question was then put , and the address ordered accordingly.—Adjourned . A new writ was ordered for Bleachingley , in the room of James Mills , Esq . deceased.—Sir John Newport , after observing that the order of the house made on the 7th March last , for an account of the expences of state prosecutions in Ireland , had not been complied with , moved that it be forthwith complied with . Ordered.—On the motion of Sir John Newport , it was ordered that the several papers presented yesterday from the office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland , be printed.—Sir John Anderson brought up a bill for making a Tunnel under the Thames , from the parish of Rotherhithe , in Surrey , to the parish of St. John Wapping , in Middlesex . Read a first , and ordered to be read a second time.—On the motion of Mr. Rose , the Thames Lastage and Ballastage bill was read a second time.—Sir M. W. Ridley observed , that this bill repealed all the regulations of former acts , and substituted other very important ones which required a good deal of consideration ; he therefore requested the right hon . gent . would not push it immediately through a committee , but allow a few days for that purpose : to winch Mr. Rose acceding , the bill was ordered to be committed to a committee of the whole house on Monday fortnight.—On the motion of sir A. S. Hammond , it was