house was recorded on the matter that was clearly proved , then they might proceed to an investigation of that which still remained obscure . He had never heard the right hon . gent . with more surprise , than when he had accused his hon . friend of travelling out of the road of facts , to inflame the passions of the house , although the resolutions were composed entirely of facts , and the speech principally of deductions from facts . Another accusation against his hon . friend was one which might be thought not very consistent with inflaming passion , that he had loaded his speech with a complication of figures , But if his hon . friend had travelled out of the road of facts , had not the right hon . gent . in his view of the case , omitted facts , and those the most essential , on which the whole strength of the question rested ? Had he not forgot that lord Melville had , by his own confession , proved that money had , with his knowledge , been drawn from the bank and placed at a private banker 's ? Had he not forgot , that lord Melville himself admitted , that he applied to other services , money issued for the service of the navy ? Had he not forgot , that lord Melville had found himself unable to deny , that he had connived at his paymasters reaping private and illegal profit from the use of public funds ? Was this complication of figures ? Were they not , on the contrary , plain and important facts , which no subsequent inquiry could do away , no other evidence or examination of evidence could shake or invalidate ; unless , indeed , that could be believed of lord Melville , which , even after all that had passed , would hardly be imputed to him , that he would wantonly forswear himself , and declare that to be false before one tribunal which he had declared to be true before another , —The right hon . gent . had endeavoured to extenuate the guilt of 290 the noble viscount , by stating , that the public had suffered no loss . He could neither admit the argument nor the inference to be founded . If no loss had been suffered , a great risque of loss had been incurred . But the right hon . gent . contended , that no loss from anticipation could have taken place , because the forms of office rendered it impossible that money should be drawn for before it was wanted . He would not pretend to follow the right hon . gent . through the forms of office , with which he was so much better acquainted , but he would put this dilemma to him : if money could not be obtained till it was due for navy services , how was the money obtained with which other departments had been accommodated by the treasurer of the navy , which the right hon . gent . admitted in another part of his speech , and was willing to proclaim , that a part of them had passed through his own hands ? Why , then , it was plain , that either by some means or other , money could he drawn by the paymaster of the navy , before it was wanted for navy services , or the navy service must itself have been left in distress for want of its necessary supply , which would only be an aggravation of guilt . Thus means were discovered to procure money before it was called for ; and this path once entered upon , let the house consider to what length it might be carried . But it was contended , that the speculations in which the money was employed , had at least been successful . For this it was not impossible to account . Let it be remembered , how the persons were situated who were thus connected together . Mr. Mark Sprott , the broker , confidentially