universal church , and that all catholics owe him canonical respect and obedience on that account ; and that the supremacy of the pope is one of those points on which all catholics are agreed as an immutable article of their faith . '' His lordship then put it to the house , whether persons professing such a doctrine could safely be admitted to the higher offices of state or to seats in parliament . His lordship then proceeded to State that the noble baron having appealed to those peers who had held official situations in Ireland for their sentiments respecting the loyalty of the catholics , he should declare his without any reserve . He was satisfied it was better for him to answer distinctly to that appeal , lest an interpretation should be put upon his silence which was not conformable to his real opinion . He had no hesitation in saying , that the Conduct of the persons of high rank and the gentlemen of the old catholic uniformly , been distinguished by loyalty to their sovereign and attachment to the government of the country ; but he was concerned to be under the necessity of adding , that those persons had ceased to have any influence upon the catholic body : that the influence formerly exercised by them 746 had been vested in other hands ; in the hands of men of whom he was not disposed to speak with severity—but when he observed that they ( he meant the catholic committee ) employed as their agent Mr. Theobald Wolfe Tone , a man , not even of their own persuasion who was the founder of the society of united Irishmen , who was at the very time employed in an attempt to form a traiterous conspiracy for the purpose of effecting a separation between Cheat Britain and Ireland , and who was engaged in a correspondence With the French government with a view to the procuring their assistance to further his designs , the noble lord would not say , that connection with such a man was proof of disloyalty , however obliged he might be to admit that it was calculated to excite suspicion . The noble lord then read , from the publication ( subsequent to the bill of 1793 ) of the proceedings of the Roman catholic committee , the following resolution : `` Resolved , that the , sum of fifteen hundred pounds , together With a gold medal , of the value of thirty guineas , bearing a suitable inscription , be presented to Theobald Wolfe Tone , esq . agent to the committee , as a testimony of his services and our gratitude . '' His lordship then adverted to what had fallen from the noble baron respecting the expectations the Catholics might have been induced to entertain at the time the union was under discussion . The noble baron had fairly admitted that no pledge was given , whatever hopes might have been encouraged from an assurance that the situation of the catholics would receive an impartial consideration in the parliament of the united kingdom . The noble lord said , as fir as the observation could have reference to his sentiments upon the subjects , having been one of the persons called upon to assist in preparing the articles , he must confirm the declaration of the noble baron , that no pledge had been given ; but to what extent the catholics might have been justified in indulging a sanguine expectation from a discussion of their situation in the imperial parliament he could not attempt to form a conjecture . He certainly could not charge himself with having contributed to their disappointment . In the house as well as out of it he had always stated the principle upon which he acceded to the union ; a principle that must preclude him from acquiescing in their being admitted to seats in parliament . The noble baron had felt , that whilst Ireland remained a separate kingdom , the objections to catholics being eligible to seats in 747 the house of commons were almost insuperable . The