, and wisdom , by first voting a man guilty of a lesser offence ( I do not mean to vindicate lord Melville , or extenuate the infraction of the law for which you have held him responsible ; but an offence merely legal is less in the eyes of every man than the gross moral guilt which the hon . gent . would now impute to him , and which he would fain persuade you , contrary to your own knowledge and recollection , you meant to impute to him yourselves ) , and then turning round and apportioning the punishment , not to the crime of which it has found lord Melville guilty , but to all the foul aspersions and aggravated charges which the hon . gent . has in this stage of the business thought it decent to heap upon him ; to which charges the house is no party ; and which it not only did not sanction by its vote of the last night , but upon deliberation refused to agree to even an ambiguous and doubtful affirmation of them.—The hon . gent . has disclaimed any other motive for his motion this night but a view to public justice . What has been already done towards that end ? Is the state of humiliation to which the noble lord has been reduced nothing ? Is such an end to such a political life nothing ? Has not the noble lord already suffered quite enough to disarm any set of men not actuated by the most rancorous feeling of party enmity ? And against whom is this enmity directed ? Against one who never was himself suspected of deserving the character of a bitter political antagonist . In any of the public situations which lord Melville has occupied , I 340 would challenge any man to produce an instance where party prejudice has been found to obstruct , or delay , or influence the promotion of merit , whether political or military.—Sir , the hon . gent . has congratulated his country on the extraordinary public virtue which has been manifested on this occasion . If he means the virtue displayed by the house of commons , I cordially agree with him . Whatever I may have presumed to think of the vote of Monday night , as hasty or premature , no man more heartily than I subscribes to the purity and integrity of the motives which dictated it . If the hon . gent . means to compliment himself on the part which he has taken , on the part which he this night takes , in urging the house to a rigour beyond the measure of justice , and , I venture to affirm , beyond the measure of its own feelings of what is right ; I am far from presuming to deny his claim to that credit , for an exertion of virtue beyond the ordinary rate of most men 's capacity , and beyond the usual practice of the country and the times in which we live . The hon . gent . must have gone far back into the times of ancient Greece and Rome to find models of that sort of virtue . There he will have found , no doubt , that when a great political delinquent was to be brought to justice , and an appeal made to the people to aggravate the severity of punishment , the accuser was not generally found among those who had received any injury from the accused ; but among those whom he had served . And , sir , when I look back to the proceedings of this house in the year 1795 , when I recollect the serious charges which were then brought forward against two most eminent commanders , now members of the other house of parliament ( and for their services well entitled to that distinction ) ; when I recollect that in the debates which arose up on those charges , their most active defender , their most indefatigable advocate , was that very noble lord who now is made the theme of