part in a protestant government . And for this reason ; that the Roman catholic pledges his obedience , within a certain limit , to a foreign power , which is not the case of the protestant . I say , within a certain limit . For I am aware of the distinction , between the spiritual supremacy of the pope , which is all which our Roman catholics acknowledge , and , his authority in civil matters , which they renounce ; and I believe them to be perfectly sincere in that renunciation . But , there is such a connexion between authority in spiritual matters and in civil , that I apprehend some degree of civil authority may indirectly arise out of the spiritual supremacy ; insomuch , that the conscientious Roman catholic may sometimes find himself hampered between his acknowledgment and his renunciation . It is true , however , that the Roman catholics of this part of the united kingdom , explicitly renounce even that indirect authority of the pope in civil matters . For the English Roman catholic swears , that `` he does not believe , that the pope of Rome , or any other foreign prince , prelate , state , potentate , hath , or ought to have any temporal or civil jurisdiction , power , superiority or pre-eminence , directly or indirectly , within this realm . '' I very 798 well remember ( and I have reason to remember it , for , I had a great share in that business , ) that when the oath to be imposed upon the Roman catholics was under consideration in this house , there was some hesitation about the word `` indirectly . '' Some of us thought , that it would be pressing too hard upon the conscience of the Roman catholic to make him abjure that which might seem to be an appendage only of what he was permitted to acknowledge . The word however was after some debate inserted . It stands in the oath , and the English Roman catholic abjures even that indirect authority of the pope in temporal and civil matters . Still I fear , the line of demarcation between spiritual and temporal , it may not always be easy to define . And I must observe , that the Irish oath is not drawn with the same precision . The word `` indirectly '' is omitted . And there is another important omission . The Irish Roman catholic does not , so explicitly as the English , bind himself to maintain the protestant succession.—My lords , having mentioned these oaths , I must take occasion , in justice to the Roman catholic clergy of England , to set right a matter , which I think was inaccurately stated by a noble and learned lord , in the former night 's debate . That noble and learned lord seemed to think , that the Roman catholic clergy of this country scrupled to make those abjurations , which their laity have made . And he told your lordships that , when the bill for the relief of the Roman catholics was brought in to parliament , the apostolical vicars put forth an encyclical letter forbidding the people of their communion to take the oath prepared for them . Now , it is very true , that the apostolical vicars for bad the taking of that oath , which stood in the bill originally brought into the house of commons , which actually passed that house . But their objection to the oath was not , that they were unwilling that their people should swear to the maintenance of the protestant succession , or to the renunciation of the pope 's indirect as well as direct authority in temporals ; but the oath , as it was framed in the lower house , contained some theological dogmata , which they deemed , and in my judgment rightly deemed , impious and heretical . The dogmata , to which I allude , amounted to an abjuration of the legitimate authority , of the priesthood , in the administration