after the recess , bring forward such a motion , he ( Mr. Giles ) would . When , at an earlier period of the session , the hon . gent . ( Mr. Giles ) moved for leave to bring in a bill for continuing the powers of that board ; what was his ( Mr. Pitt 's ) ground of objection ? Was it that the period should not be extended ? Quite the contrary . He allowed that full time ought to be given them for finishing their investigations , and his only objection was , that it would be premature to enlarge the period of their continuing in office at so early as period of the session till once it was ascertained whether the present session might not afford them sufficient time to complete their enquiries . If they were not likely , at a more advanced period of the session , to be able to complete their business before the end of it , he pledged himself then to move for the enlargement of their powers . Now as only one additional report had since been made , while it was stated that other objects of enquiry still remained , he felt it both his duty and his inclination to move for extending the period of their continuance . And , however much he confessed himself to be one of those who did declare that there were parts of their conduct of which he could not approve , he still felt it his duty to say , that they ought to continue . In this situation , he submitted to the candour of the house that there was no ground whatever for charging him with having taken the business out of the hands of any other hon . gent . There was another part of the hon . 403 gent . 's speech in which his sentiments had been misrepresented . He thought , as in the department into the management of which investigation had been made , they had discovered practices and malversations , of which they could not approve , it would be proper to make such inquiries into every branch of the revenue , as should go to shew , either that in other departments they did not exist , or , if they did , that it was the determination of parliament to take such measures as should detect and prevent them , in future . He did not say that none such existed . He only said that it must prove satisfactory to the public that the fact should be ascertained . In so great and expensive an establishment as that of Great Britain , in the midst of the perilous times too , which we had of late years to encounter , it was hardly to be expected that some acts of improper management would not present themselves . He was anxious , however , that the investigation should be gone into with temperance , moderation , and a regard for the public good.—The same motives which made him think the general subject one peculiarly deserving of attention and investigation , to be conducted on the immutable principles of justice , induced him heartily to concur in the appointment of a select committee , to consider farther the subject of the tenth report . He was particularly anxious for a most minute investigation into that part of it , in which , acccording to the statements of the hon . gent . he himself ( Mr. Pitt ) was implicated . On that subject , he was eager that the hon . gent . would bring forward every thing in his power . He hoped that in the many years of his life which had been devoted to the public service , he might presume , without flattery to himself , to think that he had so conducted himself , as to evince that he was beyond any corrupt or sordid motive.—He did Suppose , that any one who knew him , would not imagine it possible that he could be a party to any transaction from corrupt views