emoluments from alteration and repeal , if the great body of the Irish representation in parliament demanded such a sacrifice , which it would not fail to do . The utter subversion in Ireland of the church establishment would follow on the heels of the subversion of the civil , and Ireland would immediately become a popish country—But would the ambition of the Romish faction in the imperial parliament stop here ? Certainly it would not . The tenets of popery enjoin continual exertions for its propagation , support , and aggrandizement ; and every romanist would beside have the additional spur of parliament interest and ambition , to stimulate him to further exertions on behalf of the sect . The test and corporation acts , being in full force in England , would oppose effectual barriers against the attainment of offices of profit and power in England by romanists . They would observe , that Scotchmen , by the weight of Scottish representation in the imperial parliament , much lighter than that of Irish and Romish representation , had obtained such offices in England , though they had almost engrossed all places of emolument or power in Scotland ; they would also observe , that would also observe , that British and Irish protestants were capable of enjoying offices in Ireland ; but that British and Irish romanists were excluded from all offices of emolument or power in England by the test and corporation acts : they would then loudly complain of this inequality of condition with their fellow-citizens the British empire , and state that they were excluded from such offices in four-fifth parts of the British empire , and admitted only to the full privileges of citizens in 898 the one-fifth , without having any exclusive privilege even in this one-fifth . If the minister of the day stood in need of their assistance in parliament , as he often would , he must listen to such complaints , and listen with attention and favour : circumstances might compel to join them in their efforts to repeal the test and corporation acts ; and if he should determine to support these remaining bulwarks of the constitution , they would join the whole herd of republicans , who have so often reprobated these statutes , and attempted their repeal . Two attempts of this nature , one in 1789 , the other in 1790 , must be in the recollection of many members of this house : it required all the abilities of the able minister , who at that time principally conducted the business of the nation , to defeat them . If the party which made these attempts shall be reinforced by above one hundred members , steady and determined in their hostility to these two statutes , who can answer for their continuance as part of the law of empire for any length of time ? They : will undoubtedly yield to the incessant mining and continued assaults of a determined , vigilant , and insidious enemy , constantly recruited by the venomous offspring of infidelity , republicanism , and jacobinism : the constitution , in church and state , will infallibly sink under the combined pressure of such a chaotic mass of desolating innovation.—The attempt to obtrude this measure on the nation , is , in fact , but the rehearsal of the first act of the Gallic tragedy on the British stage . The introduction of members of all sects into the Gallic national assembly was followed immediately by the subversion , or rather extinction , of their national religion ; and that by the complete subversion , of their government , and the substitution of the most barbarous despotism which ever ravaged and deformed any region of the civilized world . Principils obsta : let us firmly resist all approaches of the ferocious monster , Gallic anarchy ! —Britons , it is necessary to call to your recollection , and set before your eyes , the statutes , the repeal of which must precede , or inevitably follow , the adoption of . this measure ; because such display will convince you