bound to another church ? Do you forget the necessary alliance between church and state , that if you endanger the one you destroy the foundations of the other ? And can you be so infatuated as to entertain for a moment the idea of calling on catholic members to make the laws on which both church and state depend , and on catholic counsellors to execute them ? I will give the catholics every merit which men can claim , and still the feelings which are incident to human nature would debar them from being able to make such laws as those who profess the established religion , of this country are bound to do.—But a carious argument has been urged by every gent . on the opposite side who has spoke , that What the petitioners desire is little for us to give , and much for them to receive . I say the reverse is the true statement . They have little indeed to receive , compared with the much which we are called upon to give . They are to receive access to a few official situations in the state , and a power of sitting in parliament . We are to give up that on which the vital liberties of our country rest ; that , which gives energy to our armies , and superiority to our navies ; that , which supports us whole and unimpaired amidst the crash of surrounding nations , and maintains us in the proud preeminence which so : happily and honourably 1006 distinguishes the British name , —the glorious constitution of our country . Little for us to give ! do you say ? Call you the surrender of the bill of rights , little ? a demolition of our church establishment , little ? the protestant succession , little ? What more have you to give , or what will remain to you worth preserving when your have given it ? The hon . gent . tells you there is no danger in a state 's having its counsellors or ministers of a different religion , and he instances Sully and Neckar in France ; but they were protestants , and they did not acknowledge the authority of a foreign power within the realm , which a catholic does : nor had they the larger portion in the community of their own persuasion , to support them in any innovations which their religious tenets might urge them to attempt . A popish state may safely trust a protestant at the helm , for he acknowledges its supremacy ; but the protestant nation can not with the same security take a catholic who denies it.—The same hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) has adduced Venice as an instance , where both religions equally managed the state . Surely he can not be serious in offering us such a model . Does he quote her as an example ? Venice , where is she now ? No longer a nation , but sunk and lost to the world , after all her , pride for centuries ! and her fall perhaps accelerated by that very mixture of religious power which he recommends . [ Some members smiling , Mr. Foster continued . ] I see the gent . is not serious , but if he can laugh so carelessly when the happiness of a country is at stake , I would advise him to spend a few months in Ireland : he would then learn , what the feelings of the honest and the loyal protestant are on seeing his rights made a matter of doubt ; and he would , probably abstain from sporting with his happiness and tranquillity , by such impolitic and unprovoked discussions . I shall conclude by reminding the house of an old maxim ; principiis obsta . It is a wise one , and bids you oppose this first attempt to break down the barriers which are drawn round the constitution . A strong opinion has been firmly expressed by a great and decided number in another place against this petition ;