, by rejecting the measure , run the risk of losing the means of obtaining an honourable and secure peace , and , till its attainment , a sure defence for the kingdom . had always imagined that parents were ready to spring to the defence of their offspring , when attacked by any danger ; but the present instance contradicted his experience on this subject , for although the augmented state of the militia was the child of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , he seemed to stand up as its most determined enemy , and to be bent on its destruction . The effect of the bill would , he much feared , be to drive men of property and consequence out of the militia service . Should an invasion take place , he had not the slightest doubt that they would cordially unite to fight pro aris et focis , but he was apprehensive that nothing but the actual lauding of an enemy could restore that harmony that was so desirable . For his own part , he confessed he was one of those who would be contented to see the militia remain to defend their homes , and not detached on any such Quixotic expedition as the dethroning of a King of Lombardy . If , for the mighty sum of ten guineas , for the honour and glory of being a private soldier , and for the pleasure of pulling down the King of Lombardy , men would be found willing to quit the officers under whom they had served so long , he owned that , for the credit of his country , he wished such a want of attachment should be exposed as little as possible . said , he did not know that he should have been induced to say any thing upon the bill in the present stage of it , had it not been for the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) , who found so strange a method of reconciling duties so very contrary to each other , as those of a secretary at war , and of a militia colonel . The only argument for this bill , namely , that of getting a great accession to the regular army , was used by his right hon . relation ( Mr. Pitt ) , in support of his ineffective Defence bill , which met with the decided opposition of the right hon . gent . When this measure was resorted to in 1799 , there was a better ground for it than now , as a distinct object was then stated for its and a pledge given 118 that it should not be recurred to any more . Besides , at that time , the militia officers had only the proposition made to them of using their influence with the men to enlist for limited service in Europe , whereas now they were to be induced to enlist for life , and for a smaller bounty than before . He could not account for the motives which could lead the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) in time of peace , to augment the militia to 60,000 men ; and now , in time of war , and threats of invasion , to vote for their reduction to 40,000 . He did not , it seemed , feel any constitutional objection to the measure ; but he should have recollected that the militia was raised as a constitutional force , and for the specific object , on the faith of parliament , that they should only be employed at home for the defence of the country , without being under the control , or totally at the disposal of the crown . The militia was quite a separate establishment , and when the crown neglected it , the lords lieutenants of counties were invested , after a certain lapse of time , with the power of appointing officers . It was not raised at the expence of the crown , and was always paid by