It carries no terror with if , but in its secular consequences . But this is , because what we call excommunication is not really what the word means . And I have always considered the manner , in which it is used among us , as little better than a profanation of a most sacred rite if discipline It is used with us , merely as an engine to support the authority of the ecclesiastical courts . If a man disobeys a citation , and persists in his neglect of it , excommunication is denounced . ; though the object of the citation should he in some of these secular matters , which , by our laws , are submitted to the cognizance of these courts . The sentence is pronounced by a layman , without any thing striking in the manner of it ; and , if the offender still persists , at the expiration of certain days , comes indeed a dreadful thing ; 802 he is committed to prison , by virtue of the writ de excommunication capiendo , a writ issuing from a secular court , and there he must remain , till in the language of Doctors Commons , he has made `` his peace with the church , '' i.e . till he has made his submission to the court . The person on whom the sentence falls , all the while finds not the burthen of any thing properly to be called a sin upon his conscience . He is not aware , that he has offended the church—for his imagination can not identify the ecclesiastical court , in which a layman sits as judge , taking cognizance perhaps of matters of a secular nature , with the church—and he perceives not , that religion has any thing to do in the business . Such excommunication has certainly nothing dreadful in itself , but in the imprisonment only , which follows . Such was not the primitive excommunication . The objects of that dreadful sentence were none but notorious sinners : fornicators , usurers , idolaters , railers , drunkards , extortioners . It was pronounces with awful solemnity , in the full assembly of the church , by the bishop himself , or some person specially delegated by him . It produced the greatest consternation in the conscience of the sinner , and generally brought him to a sense of his guilt , and produced a reformation , which nothing short of this severity could have effected . When the noble and learned lord said , that excommunication in Ireland was a dreadful thing , the surmise , that naturally rose in my mind , was , that the excommunications of the Irish prelates were something more resembling the primitive excommunications , than that is which our courts call excommunication ; and I wondered how this was to be turned to the reproach of the Roman catholic bishops . But when the noble and learned lord went on , he soon made me understand , that their excommunication is no less a profanation , though in a different way , but no less , if not more a profanation of the rite , than our practice . It is indeed a dreadful thing : but not dreadful simply by the alarm of the excommunicated person 's conscience , but by the worldly distress it brings upon him . It is not simply a separation from the body of the faithful , but it is , to all intents and purposes , an interdiction ab aquâ et igne . No Roman catholic dares to administer a crust of dry bread or a cup of cold water to the person under this interdiction . And the offence , which draws down this horrible sentence , is any friendly intercourse which a Roman catholic may be found to hold with protestants . 803 My lords , this is an abominable abuse of the power which Christ has placed in the hands of the governors of his church , not to destroy the worldly comforts of men , but for the salvation of their souls