of Mr . Trotter . '' This amendment was warmly opposed . It was contended , on the one side , that the resolution ought to be left in its original ambiguous form , as it gave no opinion on the question of lord Melville 's personal emolument ; and that to throw the whole upon Mr. Trotter , would be pronouncing a decision , which the house , from the facts before them , were not competent to make . suggested , that the words , `` as acknowledged by lord Melville , '' in addition to those proposed by Mr. Pitt , would meet the ideas of both sides of the house . said , he had no particular objection to this amendment . The words in his motion had been left general , because it was confessed that the sums were drawn out for private interest and emolument , but not specified directly whether for lord Melville as well as Mr. Trotter . In this way the motion was read by the chair . It then stood thus : `` That the right hon . lord viscount Melville having been privy to , and connived at , the withdrawing from the bank of England , for the purpose , as stated by lord Melville of private emolument to Mr. Trotter , sums issued to lord Melville as treasure of the navy , and placed to his account in the bank according to the provisions of the 25 Geo . III . c. 31. has been guilty of a gross violation of the law , and a high breach of duty . '' contended that after the clear elucidation of the case that the treasurer of the navy could answer whether he had not derived advantage from the public money , the words in the resolution ought to be left ambiguous . that the attempt to screen lord Melville from the result of the previous resolutions by so trifling an amendment , would do the noble lord no good , but would put that house in a very awkward point of view . said , that not to brand the transaction by the epithets of gross violation of the law , and a high breach of duty , after the confession of lord Melville , would be ignominious to the house . said , that the amendment made the motion almost nonsense . To say , in the first instance , that lord Melville con- 322 nived for 16 years , and then to fritter away the conclusion , was a most extraordinary way of acquitting his colleague . said , it was impossible for any gentleman to support such an amendment . spoke to the same effect . persisting in his declaration that he would take the sense of the house , the gallery was cleared ; but on the question being put on the motion as it originally stood , the speaker declared that the ayes had it , and Mr. Pitt did not push the house to a division . Before strangers were re-admitted , Mr. Whitbread had moved an address to his Majesty for removing lord Melville from his councils ; and at the time the gallery was opened Mr. Pitt was proposing to postpone the consideration of this motion until Wednesday . said , after the long debate which had already taken place , he should have no objection to the postponement of his hon . friend 's motion provided it was understood that the house should not sit in the interval . He could not consent to a proposition which would leave to the house the chance of meeting again without having taken any step to remove a disgraced administration . .—Certainly , in every view of the case , it is better that the house should adjourn to Wednesday next . Adjourned at 5 o'clock on Tuesday morning to Wednesday . List of the Majority Abbot , Right Hon . C . ( Speaker . ) Adair , R. Bouverie , Hon . E. Althorpe , Lord Brogden , James Adams , Charles Brodke , Charles Anderson , Sir J. W.