forward the business . Neither had Mr. F. any reason to complain that the subject was agitated , inasmuch as it gave him an opportunity of making known those favourable circumstances of his case , which were unknown before . Whether the facts should be laid before the house by motion , or ascertained by the inquiry of a committee , amounted to the same thing ; he should therefore not differ from the opposition of the right hon . gent . opposite . He was inclined to agree in the opinion , that the case of Mr. F. was a case of pure misfortune . He had himself a recollection of the failure of the first Agent , Cockburn , who had been so strongly recommended to Mr. Fordyce , and the result of his recollection was , that it afforded a case of very strong equity in favour of Mr. F. As to the case of Mr. Fordyce , the banker , his failure was a misfortune of such an extent , as to produce an effect really astonishing . It would be rather surprising how lie should be able to speak to the circumstances . He had accidentally happened a few days back to read over the copy of a letter from Mr. Garrick to a friend of his in the West Indies , in which it was stated , that the receipts of the theatre had materially fallen off in consequence of the widely diffused effect of the failure of Mr. Fordyce . If the effect of that failure was so great that the pleasures of so great a part of the public were depressed by it in so perceptible a degree , he did not wonder that a person in Mr. Fordyce 's situation suffered by it so materially . It appeared , further , that Mr. F. constantly exerted himself to make good his deficiency , but that the circumstances of the times , particularly the unfortunate circumstances respecting Grenada , had prevented his arrangements from proceeding in the manner that was to be desired . From what 59 was stated , there was reason to believe that in the process of time every thing that could be wished would be done . It was therefore for the benefit of the public that no interruption should be given to Mr. F 's management of his means of clearing off the arrears . The facts , however , ought to be laid before the house in a parliamentary way . The right hon . gent . had stated the facts clearly , and promised to produce the documents ; when they were produced , the house would be enabled to judge of what was now but matter of belief and of opinion . in explanation , stated that Mr. Fordyce , as a member of the last commission , did not act generally , but specifically , with the view of applying the best remedies to existing abuses in the naval department . This appointment he had received from the knowledge of the former beneficial exercise of his talents in the same branch of the public service . thought himself called upon to state , that sir C. Middleton had refused to undertake the task entrusted to this commission , unless Mr. Fordyce were also appointed on it ; and this from the opinion sir C. had formed of the talents and capacity of Mr. Fordyce , in a former service in which he had been associated with him . As a proof that Mr. F. had devoted all his emoluments to the discharge of his arrear , he instanced the case of a sum of 25 or 26,000l . accruing to him , which he refused to appropriate to a provision for his large family , notwithstanding the recommendation of some of his friends , preferring to transfer it immediately to the Exchequer , for the discharge of his debt . said , that he should be no advocate for any harsh measures , unless the result of the enquiry should make it necessary ; but he could not conceive how Mr. Fordyce could