begged pardon of the house while he performed his duty in shortly stating his sentiments on this subject . He had come down the other night , as he had today , with every wish to check peculation , and with every intention to follow up the resolutions of the house , as far as justice might seem to warrant . Expecting that the whole crime would be made out before the house ought to be called on to pass sentence , he on the former night voted for the committee , thinking that any sentence before the gravamen was made out , was worse than any punishment which the house might afterwards feel itself called on to inflict . The house , however , having determined that there was no necessity for a committee in the first instance , he came down this night with a determination to lend every aid in his power to bring the guilty to punishment , to pledge himself to assist any class of men to whatever party they might belong , who who would institute an enquiry , and punish abuses in every department . hoped it would not be necessary for him to make any apology for offering a few observations on what had been said . He had been arraigned by two right hon . gentlemen , both this night and on the former night , for the way in which he had opened the business . On the former night he had been accused of too much passion in his statement . As he was conscious of feeling nothing of the kind in his mind , he hoped the right hon . gent . would do him the justice to suppose that he had misconceived him in this respect . As to his statement of this night , he denied that he had blamed lord Melville for tendering in his resignation , He thought , on the contrary , that noble lord was right in retiring ; but he must be of opinion that ministers were reprehensible in allowing him . There was this difference between him and Mr. Trotter ; Mr. Trotter had been dismissed ; he had re- 368 tired ! He ought to have been dismissed as well as Mr. Trotter . The hon . gent. , however , had been arraigned , as being nearly connected with sir Charles Grey , and also with sir John Jervis , with having omitted to recollect that the noble lord whom he now accused , had been the advocate and supporter of the two hon . characters . It never , however , entered into his mind that those two persons did owe any obligation to lord Melville . He had never considered lord Melville as their advocate . But , supposing it to have been the case , what was meant to he inferred from the fact ? Was it to be alleged that the support which lord Melville then gave his two noble friends was a job , and that he ( Mr. Whitbread ) was now bound to do a job for lord Melville ? Sir Charles Grey then stood on his trial . He was acquitted , and was twice thanked by that house for his conduct . Lord Melville , it may be said , moved for those thanks . Be it so . But would it be said he did so without thinking them merited ? Far more , would it be urged , because lord Melville chose on that occasion to abandon his duty , that the hon . member and an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Grey ) were now called on to desert their duty ? The right hon . gent . opposite had given a promise that night , that lord Melville should never again hold any office of trust in the management of public affairs ; but might not his majesty change his advisers , and might not lord Melville be then again admitted into his councils ? What means had the king of knowing what was done hi that house ? Had the right hon