, but he thought it improper to have condemned the noble lord before he was heard ; in saying so , however , he did not mean to question the decision of parliament , which found the noble lord guilty of having violated the law ; but he could not refrain from saying , that he abhorred the barbarous mode of first cutting off a man 's head , and trying afterwards whether he was guilty . He was of opinion that the most eligible mode of proceeding would be , to have a civil process instituted against the noble lord and Mr. Trotter in the court of exchequer , in order to have restitution made to toe public . Should it turn out , in the course of the proceeding , that the noble viscount was in a corrupt league with Trotter , he trusted , then , that the house would proceed by impeachment ; but he again repeated his conviction that this was not the case . He concluded with moving , `` that the attorney general he directed to take such measures as may appear most effectual in ascertaining and securing , by a due course of law , such sums as may be due to the public by lord Melville and Mr. Trotter , in respect to the profits araising from money applicable to the service of the navy , which 498 came into their hands subsequent to the 1st of January , 1786 . '' seconded the motion , and said , that illness prevented him from being in the house on the first night of discussing the subject of the tenth report ; had he been able to attend , he should certainly have voted in the majority , on the ground of the noble lord 's having violated an act of parliament . regretted that the motion was brought forward this night , because he did not think that it would satisfy the public , or answer the ends of public justice . No man had a higher respect for the courts of law than he entertained , and he hoped that the matter might some time or other come before one of those ancient tribunals , where no prejudice existed , and from which , consequently , a fair and just decision should be anticipated ; but lit wished the house to consider at present , before it parted with the business , or send it to the court of exchequer , what would be the result . This might be easily inferred , considering that the person or persons to be examined might demur , and thus defeat the end of substantial justice : besides , the intricacy and mixture of the different accounts , and the diffculty of distinguishing the items of each , threw difficulties almost insurmountable in the way of accomplishing the object to be attained . He was decidedly in favour of a committee with enlarged powers ; but as this did not seem likely to be attained , he thought that the magnitude of the subject , and the satisfaction of the public , made it necessary to move generally , that the attorney-general be directed to prosecute the noble lord and Mr. Trotter . He should therefore propose as an amendment , that all the words after `` lord Melville and Mr. Trotter '' be left out , and these . words be inserted , `` and that the attorney-general be directed to prosecute the said lord Melville and Mr. Trotter for the said offences . `` —On the question being put , considered it perfectly clear , that the best way of proceeding would have been to have referred the whole matter to a select committee , who could have taken the opinion of the law officers in what manner the suit ought to be brought with the best chance of succeeding in its object . They would have been able to ascertain whether there existed evidence sufficient either to support a 499 civil action , or a criminal prosecution . Since that course was not taken , and the alternative lay merely