not agree to the clause as it stood . said he had introduced this clause for tile purpose of meeting , as far as possible , the sentiments of the militia officers , and was convinced , that in whatever mode a considerable number of the militia could be brought to volunteer , they would still be a most valuable accession , to the regular army . He wished to give a discretionary power to the militia officers to make the selection as they thought proper , he did not wish them to part only with their worst men . He concluded by moving as an amendment , that after the word `` chase , '' should be added thes words , `` by ballot or other- 140 wise . '' Sir James Pulteney , Lord Temple , General Norton , and Colonel Stanley , were for giving the militia officers the power of selecting . General Tarleton thought it of much more consequence that the best men should be sent to the disposable force , than that they should stay in the militia regiments . The Chancellor of the Exchequer expected that when the legislature had once pronounced their opinion on the subject there would be an honourable emulation among the militia officers , to send good and efficient soldiers to the regular army . This clause was then agreed to , as was another , which provided that if a sufficient number did not volunteer out of the half set apart by the militia officer , the deficiency should be made good out of the remaining part of the regiment.—On the clause which mentioned general service for life ; rose , and moved as an amendment , that the term should be for 5 years , or until 6 months after a definitive treaty of peace . He grounded his argument , not only on general reasons , but on the conduct of government to the militia in a similar case , in the year 1799.—This motion produced a very long and desultory conversation , in which lord Temple , Sir James Pulteney , general Norton , colonel Stanley , general Tarleton , and sir W. W. Wynne , took a share . said that he was a friend to the clause that provided for the service being limited , instead of being for life , because it was founded on principles of justice , and agreeable to the spirit of the constitution of this country , and not repugnant to any military principle whatever ; and when he should have an opportunity of giving a vote upon such a question , he should never give it for enlisting men for life ; yet he wished his right hon . friend on this occasion not to take the sense of the house , because as this was a limited and partial question , many might be against this particular clause under all the circumstances of the case , who might approve of the principle , and adopt it on another , and what might appear to them a more fit occasion ; and he did wish that the majority against such a principle should be greater in appearance than reality . He hoped his right hon . friend , than whom nobody was more capable , would take some opportunity of bringing this subject before parliament , and he hoped that as it was a point on which military opinions were divided , as he now 141 heard , the question would be fully considered by parliament , since we were almost , if not altogether , the only power in Europe which supported its military establishment by enlisting men fir life , and we were the very last that ought to adopt such a system , because it was wholly repugnant to the true principles of the constitution of this country , on which its glory and consequently its real interest was founded . observed on the general question which had been just alluded to : and remarked that the opinions of military men were much divided on the subject of enlisting soldiers for a term of