that having now , for the first time since the union , this great body of men coming before you with their petition , you will consider it with temper , and with a sincere desire to do all that lies in your power to compose the animosities of that part of the kingdom , and to render all the subjects of the kingdom happy in the enjoyment of equal privileges , equal rights , and an equal participation of that constitution so justly entitled to universal admiration and respect . The question , therefore , which you will consider , and I shall conclude by moving , is , that the house will resolve itself into a committee , to consider the petition which has been read : and I hope it will not be forgotten , that the motion can not be negatived , except by those who are ready to say , not only that they are not prepared to go to the full extent , but that they will not enter into the consideration of the question . For my own part , I have no hesitation in saying , that in my opinion , it is highly expedient the whole of what is asked in this petition should be conceded . What the union has imposed upon you is , the duty of providing in the most effectual manner for the real essential union of all the inhabitants of this kingdom , not in government , and policy , and law only , but in interests , in affections , in devotion to the maintenance of the constitution , and in that resolution with which we ought to inspire each other , a resolution to defend the 661 country against all its enemies . The question is , in my view of the subject , a question of expediency to a certain degree ; that is , I do unquestionably hold it to be for the benefit and safety of the whole country , that it should be adopted in cases where the safety of the whole empire requires it : it is incidental to the rights of all legislatures to impose restrictions and disabilities ; I have no doubt that such is the fundamental principle of all governments . It was so when the question was agitated in the reign of king William . The question that ought to have been considered in the reign of queen Anne , is the same that now engages your lordships ' attention . It is this : Is there any expediency in continuing these restraints by which 4,000,000 of British subjects are deprived of the benefits of the constitution ? Now , in this part of the subject I should state what I conceive to be a principle of eternal right and eternal justice , so evident that it is for those who maintain the propriety and expediency of the restrictions , to shew that the necessity exists . The first principle of the British constitution is , that we shall enjoy equal laws ; that there shall be no man , however low his situation , who shall not , in point of political liberty , feel himself on a footing with the highest in the country . I repeat , that those who contend for the continuance of any restraint , are bound to shew , not only that it was expedient at the time , but that the expediency continues to exist . This principle I had occasion to state upon a much less important subject , and there was a disposition manifested on the part of some of your lordships to contest it , but it was with infinite pleasure I perceived , when persons of the highest authority rose , that it was impossible for them to state an argument worthy of the slightest attention by those who had the common use of their understanding ; in favour of the continuance of restraints on any other ground than that of expediency . If there are persons in this house who are disposed to contend against placing the Roman catholics upon the footing