contain sufficient notice . justified himself as to the distinctness with which he gave notice of this motion , as also for the motive with which he brought the subject forward ; it was to lay the foundation of an Enquiry . He did this on a statement which was 446 made to him ; which statement if correct demanded of him this conduct as a member of that house ; if the statement was incorrect , he was imposed upon , and improperly made the instrument of bringing forward an unnecessary enquiry , in which event he should be among the foremost to bring his informant before the house , for the purpose of receiving its censure ; for those who gave misinformation to members on such occasions , deserved censure . He understood the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) to say , that the hon . member ( Mr. Scott ) had not employed the public money for one moment . He was glad to hear it , and if so , he must have been greatly misinformed . said , he never was so absurd as to have said the hon . member never employed the public money in his hands for a moment , for it would have been a thing impossible for any man connected with government in a contract to have that said of him ; all he said Was , that he had not kept the public money for any considerable time . said , a month . said he believed not a month , or any thing like a month ; but he spoke only from the best recollection he had on a subject which was ten years old ; the impression of that recollection was , that the conduct of the hon . member ( Mr. Scott ) was perfectly correct and honourable . He knew very little more of that hon . member , beyond that contract With government , than the hon . and learned gent . did.—The question was then put and carried , `` that there be laid before the house an account of such sales , delivered by Claude Scott , esq . to government , and an account when the produce of such sales were paid to government ; also , that there be laid before the house a copy of an account of corn and flour , sold by the said C. Scott , esq . to government , between the year 1795 , and 1800 , and all monies paid by him on account of such sales ; which were all ordered . '' The house having resolved itself into a committee of ways and means , said , he should only intrude upon the attention of the committee for a few minutes . It would be recollected , that early in the present session he had stated , that a loan of 1,000,000l . would be proposed to be contracted for in Ireland for the service of that country ; he had also stated , that there was a sum of 800,000l . 447 due upon treasury bills , respecting which be expressed a wish to reserve all discussion till a future day . He had now to state to the committee , that he had proposed to raise a loan of 1,800,000l . in Ireland . Offers had been made there , which were not accepted : offers were then made in this country for the loan , which he had felt it his duty to accept ; and it was the contract so made , that he had now the honour to submit to the committee . The terms of the loan were , 100l . Long annuities £5 0 0 24l . in the 5 per cents 1 4 0 making together 61 . 4s . the annual charge for the loan ; but in addition to this there was 4s . 10d . for the sinking fund on the 5 per cents . and 8s.4d . on the long annuities , making altogether a sum of 6l . 17s . 2d . per cent