not to be deemed a catholic rebellion : most of the leaders happened to be protestants , it originated in the jacobin principles of the united Irishmen , to whom religion was a very subordinate , if any , consideration ; and although it is true that a majority of 821 those concerned in these sanguinary scenes were catholics , and though the greatest atrocities were undoubtedly perpetrated by some catholic priests , it would be very extraordinary if both these circumstances had not taken place in the country where four-fifths of the inhabitants are catholics , and where there was also necessarily a large number of ignorant and bigoted priests . That there were equal faults on the other side , I am persuaded . That the zeal of the Irish protestants has been productive of consequences as fatal , I can not doubt ; but on this subject I forbear to dwell , because I know it would sound harsh to some of my hearers , to whose loyalty and merits I am ready to do ample justice . My lords , it has been said that the catholic body in general is not interested in this question , which only regards a few of the higher ranks ; but I can never agree , that the whole body is not degraded and insulted by this mark which is set upon them , in excluding any of its members from the change of ever being highly useful to their country . `` But , '' say their opposers , `` we have given every thing else ; we never will concede to them power . They have all the civil advantages under the state ; but they shall not become the state itself . '' Now let us consider to what extent this power would go , supposing it granted to catholics disposed to abuse it . The few seats they could obtain in this house , could never be considered of consequence . Indeed , exclusive of the five or six English peers , who would afterwards have an irresistible claim , as it regarded Ireland only , not one single member , according to the present mode of election , could be admitted , unless nominated by the minister . The argument , with respect to the other house , deserves more consideration . That some catholic members would be elected is unquestionable ; but I am inclined to think the number would be very small indeed . Some noble lords who have spoken , have maintained the extravagant supposition of the whole number of one hundred being catholics . Others have maintained , with some degree of plausibility , that in those counties where the majority of freeholders were catholics , the members would of necessity be so likewise , grounding the supposition on the assertion that they would all be rather guided by their priests than by their landlords . I profess myself of contrary opinion , even if you suppose that , after these concessions , the old invidious distinctions of civil and religious animosity com- 822 bined , will necessarily be kept up . Much will depend on the manner in which the boon is granted . That it will , that it must be granted , sooner or later , I am prepared to maintain ; for although I am not sanguine enough to expect a majority in favour of this motion , I never can doubt that what I consider the course of justice , of sound policy , what I will even call the cause of the protestant establishment , must and will finally prevail . Remove with a liberal hand , and with an enlarged system of policy , all civil disabilities on account of religion , and I am persuaded , that in a very few years , all sects of christians will become equally good subjects ; and it will never enter into any man 's head to enquire , whether a candidate for parliament or for office is of the established religion or not ? But we must not confine our views to the simple