, on this occasion , the attorney general , who in a clear , able , and honourable speech , had told the house the result of a prosecution by a person in his official situation ; by which it was manifest , that the prosecution would come to nothing ; for whatever might be the law on the question , whether the party would be obliged to refund the money , which had been unfairly gained , if it was money belonging to the public , ( and the learned gent . inclined to the affirmative of that proposition ) , yet as the prosecution by the attorney general calling on the party to refund , was in the nature of a civil action , it was clearly the opinion of the learned gent . that if the money so unfairly made use of for private emolument , should be held not to be in strictness the money of the public , but the money of the individuals who claimed , its restitution to the public could not be ordered by a court of justice , because the money was not deemed to be the money of the public . The prosecution therefore for restitution to the public , would in this event fail ; and he could not help connecting this idea with what he heard on the 8th of this month in the house , from whom he could not recollect , although there was an impression on his mind that it came from the most respectable authority in the house , which was , that the money in question did not belong to the public , but must be considered as the property of individuals ; and if so , the prosecution by the attorney general must fail , as far as regarded the recovery of the money . Besides , if the case were not so , and the prosecution was instituted , it would be so easy for Mr. Trotter to transfer to my Lord Melville , or my Lord Melville to transfer to Mr. 423 Trotter , as the case might suit them , so as to elude all justice . But although this part of the case appeared very important in the views of some person , it was comparatively trivial in the view he took of it altogether . His great anxiety was for the honour and character of the house . It had been said that the house ought never to come to any decision against its judgment , on account of any supposed impression made on the public , that their constituents had no right to bind the house to vote against what appeared just to the house . It was true the public had no right to insist on the judgment of the house being in any particular way on any given case , and that such was his opinion he had given proof in the earlier part of his life ; but although the public had no right to tell the house what should be the result of its enquiry , it had a right to say that the house should enquire ; that was a duty the house owed to the public ; and not only to enquire into any public abuse , but to enquire in the most efficient manner . Now , he had no hesitation in saying , that the most efficient manner appeared to him to be by a committee of the house , and if so , the public would have a right to say , if the house did not adopt that mode , it was guilty of a dereliction of its duty . It was true that neither Mr. Trotter nor my lord Melville , nor any of their agents , would be obliged to answer any thing before a committee of the house to criminate themselves , any more than they would be obliged to do before court of law ; but then it must be remembered , that if they refused to answer the committee any fair questions put to them , it would be in the