into the discussion . It seemed to be taken for granted by some gentlemen , that the house must make an option : that they were not at liberty to pursue the enquiry generally themselves and then refer the examination of parts of the subject to another tribunal . In this opinion he certainly could not concur , although he was not prepared to contradict it . For his part , he saw no reason why these two measures were incompatible . He could not see why such an union was inconsistent with our jurisprudence . If , however , the house must either give up the prosecution by the law officers , or the institution of a select committee , he certainly would not hesitate in recommending the former : compelling the delinquents to refund the public property which they had amassed , was an object of infinitely less consequence than that a full declaration of the judgment of the house of commons on them should be made . That which was the instant and immediate duty of the house should first be performed . He deprecated the possibility of their power slipping into hands which , as had been stated by a learned gentleman , might not be able to effect any beneficial purpose ; and there was then no return ; the house could not resume what it had rashly abandoned . Under these impressions , he should give his decided vote for the motion of his hon . friend . said , there were two questions before the house , and they involved two modes of enquiry . The one was , whether the committee should be invested with extensive powers ? the other , whether it would be eligible to limit those powers , and to assign a certain portion of the public duty to a court of law ? The latter appeared , to his mind , by far the most eligible ; for the natural answer of lord Melville and Mr. Trotter to the interrogatories of a committee , would be , that they could not reply , when their conduct was designed to undergo a future juridical examination . This evasion could not be resorted to in a court of law . His right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Pitt ) , did not intend , by the amendment he proposed , that the investigation should be avoided ; on the 414 contrary , he suggested the most successful means of promoting it , and if any gentleman would intimate any additional authority with which the commissioners might be clothed , not interfering with the legal branch of the subject , he had no doubt his right hon . friend would gladly join in conferring such farther power . argued the expediency of appointing a committee of enquiry , and on their report instituting any legal proceedings . He had no doubt that he differed from all parties in the house , when he expressed his wish , that the matter should be referred back to the commissioners of naval enquiry , arming them with fresh powers , that they might be enabled to prosecute their researches to the desired point . The hon . gent , expressed great doubt , whether the individuals accused could be compelled to refund the public money , asserting that considerable difference of opinion existed on the subject among several sages of the law , and observed , that in 1782 and 1783 , a similar circumstance had been debated in the house , the result of which was by no means favourable to the hopes of those who thought that such repayment could be compelled . Best preferred proceeding , in the business exclusively in the committee . The noble lord objected to that mode , because evasive answers would be given to the commissioners . Was the noble lord uninformed , that in a court of law the same expedient might be resorted to by the parties implicated ? There were many advantages in such an enquiry , possessed by a committee , from which a court of justice must be precluded