, and promoted the welfare of the public . The second day after the resolutions passed , he had moved an address to his majesty , that lord Melville should be . removed from his councils and presence , and deprived of all offices held by him under the crown . It appeared on that occasion to have been the sense of the house , that it would be better the resolutions should he carried to the foot of the throne ; but he was of opinion the consequence of that measure was not precisely what would have taken place if the house had gone up with the address . The consequences he had hoped for . had not taken place . He had resigned his office at the admiralty , but his name had not been struck out of the list of the privy council . The right hon . gent . who had just intimated that he had some 602 communication to make , had not only said on a former day that his name was not struck off the privy council book , but that he saw no reason for advising his majesty to erase it . Under these circumstances , a committee had been appointed to examine further into the matters of the tenth report , as exclusively as could be of the conduct of lord Melville , and a civil prosecution had been ordered against his lordship and Mr. Trotter . A right hon . gent . had proposed , that it should be turned into a criminal prosecution . In this situation the country stood—that the house had decided that lord Melville , not accidentally or once , but during the course of a long administration , had been guilty of a breach of his duty , and a gross violation of the law , and yet no punishment had been inflicted in consequence of this decision . He knew it had been contended that lord Melville had been punished , and appeals had been made to the house whether the punishment had not been sufficiently severe . He could not easily forget the impressive words of a right hon . gent . ( the master of the rolls ) over against him , or his feelings and countenance , compelling sympathy , when he asked whether lord Melville had not been sufficiently punished ? He wished he could borrow a little of that right hon . gent . 's accuracy of expression to call upon the house to perform what , if it did not perform , he should contend lord Melville would not be punished . if humiliation ; if voluntary degradation ; if the resignation of high employments under the crown , such as lord Melville thought himself capable of filling ; if the feelings of a man who had held great official situations for many years ; if a broken and contrite heart , hœ flammœ hœ fnsce—if these were to be considered a punishment , then it was possible lord Melville might have been punished sufficiently . In that case , his punishment was as far superior to any the house could inflict , as the hand that inflicted it was above the power of mortals . It was the duty of the house to take care that others were not betrayed into the same errors , and that men in the situaation of lord Melville should know , that if they acted as he had done they would subject themselves to degradation . It was also incumbent on the house to take care that equal justice was done to all , and that when others were writhing under punishment , delinquents of greater magnitude were not spared . The sensations of shame were not confined to men in high stations ; but a 603 common clerk , detected in a fraudulent act , felt equally with the highest peer : his feelings , too , were accompanied with the loss of character , and the loss of character was attended with , the loss of bread . With regard to such a person , it highly probable that