between the civil action and the criminal prosecution , he should give his vote for the latter . observed , that every thing on which a civil suit could proceed had been already settled by the vote of the house . What were the reasons urged by gentlemen on the other side of the house for the adoption of the resolutions of the 8th instant , in opposition to the wish of his right hon . friend , that the whole business should be referred to a committee ? Because they asserted nothing could be done in the committee . It was impossible to change their opinion of the transaction , as it was impossible to do away the effects of lord Melville 's confession of an infringement of the law , and the proofs of Mr. Trotter 's . speculating with the public money . If so , if this were true ; how could a committee find out better grounds for Prosecution than what existed ? If parts of the subject were referred to a court of law , it would be highly improper that the same topics at the same time should be under the consideration of a committee of the house . It would be better to postpone a reference to law without abandoning it altogether . An hon . gent . had proposed an amendment to the original motion for a civil suit , in which he had moved for a criminal prosecution ! and that to ascertain whether or not lord Melville received any profits from the use of the public money . If he did , they ought to be the object of a civil suit . Besides there was no better chance of obtaining that information in a criminal court than in a civil one Evidence must he produced in both , and evidence would prove it in either . The resolutions of the house , contained a censure on lord Melville 's conduct . His resignation which was in consequence of those resolutions , was in fact a substantial punishment inflicted by the house . After these grave resolutions , it would be hazardous to send the affair into a court of law . The conviction could not be answered for , nor the sentence on conviction . It would be impossible , he believed , to prove any actual participation in pecuniary advantages , and the legal punishment might not accord exactly with the idea the houses entertained of the heinousness of the offence . contended , that the resolutions of the house only went to one 500 branch of the charge , namely , the violation of the law , which had been admitted , and would not preclude an enquiry into the participation in the peculation , which was punishable , both us a civil and criminal point of view . expressed his preference of a committee with extensive powers , to committee with limited powers , and contended that such a committee should make general enquiry and refer certain points for prosecution . As however this was not to be done , he certainly preferred a criminal prosecution to a civil one . In his estimation , the satisfaction of public justice was of infinitely more consequence than the regaining of a paltry sum of money . said he thought that if the shameful conduct of this great delinquent were screened , men would , soon become ashamed of speaking against corruption . He severely censured the conduct of then last administration of the right hon . gent . opposite , and spoke with much warmth in favour of a criminal proceeding . said , he had but a word or two to offer on the present question . Gentlemen had alluded to several modes of proceeding , in order to meet the intentions of the house , and the expectations of the country . Some , it appeared , were fora civil , others , for a criminal prosecution : others again , would prefer the mode of impeachment . His object was , to see lord Melville prosecuted and punished one way or the other