epithets with which he then honoured them , with the evidence his own measures have given in his favour , whether in convivial meeting or in political consultations , they must feel a considerable pleasure , and even a degree of exultation . His chief objection to the present bill was , that it was part of that patchwork , temporizing , and unsystematic mode which characterized all the military measures of the right hon . gent and from which experience taught us to expect nothing . said , that the observations which were so confidently 174 made on the inefficacy of the additional Force bill , were wholly without foundation . The recruiting , under the sanction of that bill , Was proceeding with every prospect of advantage , and by these means , from 180 to 200 men per week were added to the service in G , Britain and Ireland . Was it to be said , that a measure productive , at the rate of 10,000 men per annum , was idle and nugatory ? What was advanced with respect to the injustice of the bill now under consideration , was equally inapplicable ; the intention was not to force the men from the militia regiments , but merely to receive those under a competent reward , who were anxious to join the regular establishment . rose to explain , that the bill could properly be denominated inefficient , because it was professedly to raise 27,000 men immediately , and it had wholly disappointed this design . affirmed , in reply , that , from its effects hitherto , there was every reason to conclude that it was already producing at the rate of 10,000 men annually . insisted , that it had , at least , totally failed of effecting what was promised from it . begged to observe , in explanation , that he did not say that the act of last session had not produced a single man to our general force , but that it had not added a single man to the British infantry , which by the returns on the table was considerably less in number that in the last year . commented upon the curious definition of success given by the Secretary at War . The success he , however , apprehended ought to have been in proportion to the promise . If 27,000 men were promised , and only 2 or 3,000 were produced , it could not be said that this wait any great success . If a man were to , promise to walk to York in four days , and had stopped the greater part of the time at Stamford , it might be said , to him `` Why do n't you get on ? you will not be able to perform your promise , '' He might answer to this , `` Pray have patience a little , I am tired , and must stop for some time , but never fear , I shall make out my journey in good time to save my credit . '' Now , this might be very well as a promise , although certainly it would not be A very promising undertaking.—We were first told , `` give it a trial , and then it , will succeed . '' 175 But now the matter was carried much farther , for we were told that it actually had succeeded . But it certainly could not be said with truth , with regard to the past time , and , fortunately for the right hon . gent . who made the assertion , there were no other documents for any other time . He said that 180 or 200 men were procured weekly . This might be the case at present , but a very different result might be given at the conclusion . A very small difference in the centre made a very wide one in the circumference . He denied that this was an increase to our force , and , dwelt upon the impolicy of making the militia officers discontented . He contended ,