not only to have been a wise but a prosperous measure . At that time 500 men from the regiment in which he served joined the army , and most of them entered the 20th regiment , which had been peculiarly distinguished for the services they have rendered their country . So much he would say for feeling , and he would add , that any thing that would hurt the generous sensibilities of the officers of the militia , he should himself be the last man to endure . He could not but lament , as much as any one , if officers of merit and courage were to leave the ranks in disgust on account of this bill ; but it was what he could not believe they would do , until he had the misfortune to know it from his own observation . He held in his hand a circular letter , signed by 32 field officers of militia regiments , expressive of their disapprobation of the bill before the house . Much as he respected them , he could not help observing , that of this number 18 were distinguished for their opposition to government , and he could not avoid thinking , that if certain arrange- 116 ments had taken place which were once expected , if what was called a broad comprehensive administration had been formed , most of these gentlemen would have been of a very different opinion . He trusted , therefore , that as their objections were not purely sentimental , but mixed with political feelings , tho effects produced by the bill would not be so considerable as had been predicted.—He did not think this plan would impose any burthen upon the landed proprietors ; he thought , at least , if any were endured , it would be relieved by the provisions of the Additional Force bill , the contents of which , however , he would not affect very accurately to comprehend . One benefit , however , to the counties , was perfectly clear ; they would be exonerated from maintaining , the families of those men who abandoned the militia service . On the Additional Force bill he , might be permitted to say , that as far as he understood it , it was unreasonable and impolitic ; he thought so before , and he continued in the same sentiment ; but the expedient having been resorted to , he judged it prudent to give it a fair trial . But whatever objection he might have to the general tendency of that bill , he had no difficulty in concurring with that part of it which respected the reduction of the militia ; not because this force was too great , but because the relative proportions between the temporary and permanent establishments were not duly preserved . The opposition to this bill was the more unaccountable , because parliament had already decided , that the disposable force ought to be increased , and the most easy and natural means was to carry over the surplus of the militia to the regular force . Having advanced various other arguments in favour of the bill , he said , he heartily hoped it would succeed ; he should give it the best support he could . He disapproved of that clause which allowed the commanding officer to cut his regiment in halves , and say , government should have one half , while he kept the other . The probability in such case was , the commander of the militia regiment would take the grenadiers and light infantry , and give government the remainder . Possibly the grenadiers and light infantry , impelled by their valour and the desire of gaining renown , might be anxious to join the regulars , in order to go to Paris to pull down the emperor of France and king of Italy . The commanding officer would , by the operation of the 117 clause to which he referred , have it in his power to repress their ardour , and forbid their enlisting . He hoped the house would not