be justified by the failure of his agents , as there was nothing to prevent him from obtaining securities from them , previously to their appointment . In the case of an individual , the house would naturally be inclined to a liberality of conduct ; but in matters of account , they could not do justice to the public , without , on their part , acting in the same manner which every man would do , in the management of his private affairs . Instead of 40,000l . had the treasury called on the securities , they would , by this time , have had the whole . The increase of the crown lands had been boasted 60 of ; that increase was owing , however to wise acts of parliament , and the falling in of old leases granted by the James 's and the Charles's.—The right hon . gent . had held out splendid promises to the house , of the repayment of what Mr. F. owed to the public ; but there was no reasonable prospect of their being realized . After the report of the Finance Committee in 1797 , the public were led to believe , that before this time the incumbrances of Mr. F. would have been removed . The fact was , however , that after the lapse of eight years , the debt was as considerable as when the report he had alluded to had been formed . Conceiving , then , that this was a subject highly fit for the interference of the house , he felt himself called on to support the motion of his hon : friend . however , on understanding that the chancellor of the exchequer would himself move for the information on the subject , consented in the mean time to withdraw his motion . —The Irish Excise Duty bill , the Irish Stamp Duty bill , the Irish Postage Duty bill , the Irish Malt and Spirit Duty bill , and the Irish Customs Duty bill , went through a committee.—In the committee on the last , consented , from respect to the opinion of so many Irish members , to discontinue the 6 per cent . duty on Irish retail imports . He believed , however , and expected , that on a revision of the English duties , it would be found proper to impose something of this kind in Ireland . The other tax that was objected to , the tax on timber , he thought so unexceptionably fair , that he would persevere in it . repeated his former objection to this tax , which he thought was calculated to discourage the growth of timber in Ireland , and to defeat the produce of the tax itself , by diminishing the import . The produce on the tax on windows and auctions would so far exceed the estimate , that the tax on timber would not he wanted . He therefore moved `` that this tax should be struck out . '' thought the duty just and well considered ; its merits had been fully discussed , and the propriety of the tax established by a vote of the house the very night before , and he felt it rather hard that at that hour of the day , he should have nothing offered him to eat but his own words , an aliment he certainly did not relish , and therefore , if it came to a discus- 61 sion , he should persevere in his former conduct.—The question being put , there appeared for sir J. Newport 's motion 34 , against it 80.—Majority 55 . The other items in the schedule were then read and agreed to—Adjourned . —The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages ; among these , the Marine Mutiny bill went through a committee , and was afterwards reported ; and lord Thynne 's Indemnity bill was read a 2nd time.—The bishop of Oxford presented a bill to repeal so much of the act of the 9th Geo . 2d as restrained certain colleges in the universities of Oxford