cotemporary historians and annalists . And here , sir , terminates all , for which Dr . Troy and Mr. Plowden , were dragged before this house as witnesses to prove that the doctrines of their church are unchanged and unchangeable . You have heard already , Mr. Speaker , how large a portion of the cannons sanctioned by this council was occupied in points of mere discipline . They are , many of them , standing authorities in our own church ; indeed , having been confirmed afterwards in a provincial constitution of Stephen Langton , arch bishop of Canterbury , they are at this moment a part of the law of the land , The learned member , as an ecclesiastical judge ( for he is at the head of that jurisdiction in his native country ) must be intimately acquainted with them . They enter into the matter of his professional duty , and may be a ground of his judicial decrees almost every day in the * He is called by different authorities Amalricus , Almaricus , and Amorricus : by Dupin , Amaury 987 week . I can not therefore but pay a compliment to his dextrous management in concealing the knowledge of them . He appears perfectly to understand his own sort of prudence and expediency . For he was aware that if he had ingenuously informed us what they contained , there would have ended at once all his hopes of working our alarms to his purposes . Had he told us , that they forbade the institution of new orders of friars and nuns , and the veneration of new relics ; promoted learning by ordering grammar schools to be every where kept for the instruction of poor scholars out of the revenues of the churches , and protected learning by threatening with punishment all bishops who should ordain ignorant priests ; provided for the purity of elections by chapters and other ecclesiastical bodies ; discountenanced vexatious appeals from the inferior spiritual courts ; prohibited the spiritual judges from encroaching on the temporal jurisdictions , and directed , that no sentence of excommunication should pass , till after admonition in the presence of witnesses , and for a public and reasonable cause : above all , had he suffered it to escape him , that they strictly enjoined the clergy to be always gravely and plainly dressed ; not to keep horses and hounds ; not to go hunting and hawking ; not to play at games of chance ; not to frequent theatres or taverns ; nor to engage in any secular trade or employment : ( Mr. Wilberforce and the attorney-general cried hear ! hear ! ) and finally that the decrees of this council of Lateran are a main support of our canon law of this day against a plurality of benefices ; some of the gentlemen who sit near him , and who now will probably vote with him , instead of being scared by this terrible council of Lateran ; would have called aloud for it , and have gladly embraced it at the risk of all the brute fulminations against heretics with which it may blaze . It is not my wish however , to dissemble , that there is one canon of great and excessive severity , to which alone all the obloquy which the learned gentleman has levelled at the whole seventy in a mass , is , I believe , intended to apply . But before we can decide upon it , we must see by what authority besides that of the pope , and for what purpose it was made . That council , in consequence of Constantinople being then in the hands of the crusaders , was not only perhaps the largest assembly of prelates and dignitaries of the church that ever met , but was attended by the emperors , 988 both of the East and the West , as well as by the kings of all the principal kingdoms in Europe , either in person or by their ambassadors . They consented to the proceedings ; they alone gave