, it was impossible to decide upon that fact . The house should look into those accounts which were loose and difficult , before it could pronounce whether any advances from the public money had been made to his lordship . If the investigation should be proceeded with , he was convinced , that many sums stated to have been paid in the name of lord Melville , would appear to have been applied to official purposes ; how far that was the case it was not for him to anticipate then , before the inquiry should be instituted . The house would determine for itself when the investigation should take place . Before they could judge whether any sums of pub- 288 lic money had been so advanced , they should see the credit account of lord Melville , they should also see the different sums paid in by Mr. Trotter for lord Melville , on account of his salary as treasurer of the Navy , as also on account of his unappropriated salary as keeper of the signet in Scotland , and for dividends in the funds . Would gentlemen under these circumstances give way to surmises ? Would they think it strange that lord Melville , knowing that he had no contract with Mr. Trotter , no participation with , and knowing also the unfortunate way in which Mr. Trotter kept his accounts , had declined answering until he had ascertained the state of these accounts ? And if it should appear even that a few thousands had been , by inadvertence so advanced , could any , gent . suppose that that would have been any object to a noble , lord in a high and distinguished office of trust and honour ? He would not think it possible for a liberal and enlightened , mind , for even common sense , to entertain such an opinion . If so , then he contended , that the materials before the house were insufficient to form a final judgment , and that a further investigation was absolutely necessary , and that such investigation could not be conducted in the house , but in a select committee , which could be managed without much delay . With these sentiments , he felt it unnecessary and improper to say more on the subject . He should therefore move , as an amendment , `` that the Tenth Report of the commissioners of Naval Enquiry be referred to a select committee of this house , to examine the matter thereof , and report the same to the house . '' expressed a wish that the right hon . gent . had moved the previous question , rather than the amendment he now proposed . If this amendment were carried , the original motion would not appear on the Journals of the house , whereas if the previous question had been carried would stilt appear . had no wish to prevent the motion from appearing on the journals , and should therefore consent , instead of the amendment he had proposed , to move the previous question , it being it being however understood , that should that be carried , he should then move for the committee he had mentioned.—The speaker then proceeded to put the previous question . Upon which , rose and said , that although he trusted that others , more able to follow the right hon . gent . than himself , would reply to the speech they had just now heard , he was desirous of taking this early opportunity of stating the reasons for which he should vote for the original motion , in preference to the mode recommended by the right hon . gent . ; but he must , in the first place , observe , that if he objected to the proposition of the right hon . gent . for a select committee , it was not because he thought such an inquiry unnecessary , but because he thought it would be better timed after the resolutions of his hon . friend had been carried : after the opinion of the