this comparison , as he , together with all the friends of earl St. Vincent , had ever spoken and thought in the highest manner of the purity and zeal of earl Spencer 's administration . proposed an amendment , for bringing the account to the latest period , which would include the administration of viscount Melville . renewed his former objection to the multiplication of enquiries at this late period of the session . said , that , to do away the invidious distinction between the administration of earls Spencer and St. Vincent , he should propose as an amendment to the motion , that it should begin at the year 1793 , instead of 1795 , which would include also the administration of the earl of Chatham . said , that , as the object was to shew that earl St. Vincent employed a greater number of officers than any of his predecessors , it would be right to shew the reason of the promotions which were made at the end of the late war , for the reward of naval services , and to amend the motion , by going back to a comparative estimate with the promotions made under the administration of earl Sandwich , at the close of the American war . However , as he did not wish to crowd the table of the house with too many papers , he should not persist in the amendment.—The amended motion was then agreed to , commencing with the year 1793. called the attention of the house to the numerous petitions against the corn law of the last session . He argued that the 740 great advance in the price of grain since the introduction of that measure into the house , was in a great degree attributable to it . He complained particularly that Irish grain , when warehoused here , might be exported as foreign , and he believed that much of this Irish grain had in this manner found its way to enemies ports . He concluded with moving , that a committee be appointed to enquire into the matter of the petitions . represented the extent of the complaints against the bill , in the manufacturing parts of Lancashire . observed , that the petitioners acted upon misapprehension or misrepresentation , as , in fact , the bill never came into operation . As to the injurious effect upon Scotland , it was to be ascribed to the alteration in the usual average , proposed by the noble lord himself , and to obviate which , he was now suing for redress . ( of Norfolk ) was against the bill going into a committee , or any further discussion being had upon it . It had produced the most beneficial effects already , by encouraging the importation of wheat , which now throughout England kept down the price of the markets . was against all discussion of the subject , now when corn , was ever , where falling in price , on account of the great quantities imported , from the contemplation of what might have been the effects of the late act . Its provisions had not yet taken effect ; and the ports had never been shut by it , as the prices were not low enough to produce that consequence . Even in Scotland , as well as Ireland , the surplus produce was , this year , so great , that large quantities of wheat were imported from these countries into England . Even in Lanarkshire , the petitions from which were so much rested upon , the average prices were lower than on the corn exchange in London ; and , he believed , upon the whole , lower than the average prices of England . When the bill was passed the price of corn was 1Os . a quarter dearer than if was now throughout the country . It was a great object to throw off the dependance which Great Britain heretofore was under , for its supplies to foreign countries , which in the present state of Europe , might , without any