, that the placing a few persons in offices would have the effect of calming the minds of the people of Ireland . I Well know that much must be done ; and my opinion is , that many provisions and regulations must necessarily accompany the granting the prayer of your it petitioners . But , I know of no manner in which it can be done so effectually , as by making this committee the ground work of those proceedings . One noble lord told us , that there had been no county meetings , nothing to convince us that the measure proposed is loudly called by the majority of the people . Surely , my lords , it is much to the credit of the petitioners , that there has been no clamour on this occasion . The pride of the petitioners has been , that they have exerted themselves to prevent that clamour , and to bring their petition before your lordships in that decent and respectful manner , which I conceive they have done.—Another objection , is , that it has been brought forward in a time of war . My lords , if there be danger , let us look that danger in the face . If this measure is ultimately right to be adopted , what time can be more proper than the present moment , when we are encompassed by dangers on every side , and when you are obliged to give up a part of your militia for the sake of increasing your disposeable force ? I , therefore , call upon your lordships to lay aside all vain pretence , and if it be a good thing to do , do it in that moment when , of all others , it will be most serviceable to the country , and most welcome to your petitioners.—To those who think that the measure is so radically bad , that it never can be adopted , I would just say a few words . They talk of the bill of rights , the reformation , the title of the crown , and all that . But does any man living believe , that if we were to adopt the proposal of suffering Irish catholics to sit in parliament , it would in any shape whatever tend to destroy the reformed religion of this country ? Surely , there must be great want of argument , when you are obliged to resort to such sophisms as this against the proposed measure ! No blessing can light upon counsels conducted upon such principles.—Now , my lords , I come to the question , is it safe to give the catholics that which they ask ? 841 And , what is the danger that could possibly arise from so doing ? We are told that the catholics differ from all other sects . You may endure dissenters , you may endure men of no religion , but you may not endure the catholics , because they do not acknowledge the king 's supremacy . Great stress has been laid upon the objection on the part of the petitioners to take this oath ; and this very circumstance , did no other consideration apply , would abundantly and clearly expose the falsity , inconsistency , and absurdity of the assertion , that the petitioners hold as an article of their creed , `` that no faith is to be kept with heretics . '' Nothing now , it has been observed , in the course of this debate , remains to exclude the catholics from a full participation of the benefits of the constitution , but their sanctimonious regard for the dictates of an oath ! And yet , up to this very hour , we have been told , that catholics consider themselves as not obliged to keep faith with heretics , and , consequently , pay no regard to the oaths they take with them . But this is not all . Let your lordships consider what this much talked of oath is in reality and in fact . Perhaps , many who talk so