and then as to the throne , each successive regulation being adopted from conviction that it was a necessary addition to the then existing regulations . To annul all those regulations would be a Most hazardous experiment . Are Roman catholics to be admitted into the English share of representation ? If not , upon what principle can they be excluded from thence , if not also excluded from the Irish Share ? Are any other sectaries to be excluded , though they do not uphold a foreign dominion , and nevertheless Irish Roman catholics , who maintain the supreme jurisdiction of a foreign spiritual authority , to be admitted . In Roman catholic countries the general tenor of the laws is conformable to the Roman catholic religion . The power of the government is somewhat despotic ; to support that there is a strict alliance between the church and state there can be no such alliance between a protestant government and a Roman ca- 764 tholic clergy . Their notions as to the power of legislation are directly opposed to each other , and here the most efficient part of the legislature is popular , and elective ; hence a way might be opened by admitting Roman catholics into parliament , and the great offices of the state , towards investing them with a dangerous influence . The possession of inferior offices gives some influence , but does not transfer the sovereignty of the state . It is true that Scotch presbyterians sit in parliament , but they take the same oaths , and sign the same declaration as protestants ; they give the same tests of fidelity and allegiance , and submission to the supreme authority of the state , as protestants of the established church . As to the Scotch noblemen and gentlemen who in the course of the debate have been described as having held some of the great offices of the state with honour to themselves and benefit to the public , they were protestants , and had taken the usual oaths , signed the declaration , and received the sacrament according to the usage of the church of England . The adoption of the innovation now proposed would new-model the constitution , would violate the principles of the reformation , the revolution , the act of settlement of the crown , and the two acts of union ; might substitute the pope 's supremacy in the place of his majesty 's , might discontent the loyal protestants , who have preserved and strengthened the connexion between Great Britain and Ireland , without Contenting the Roman catholics ; might unsettle the lay and ecclesiastical property of Ireland , might revive all those , mischiefs which the revolution was calculated to redress , and might destroy the present establishment in church and state —My lords : in the course of this debate , the catholic hierarchy , the priests , the Catholic religion , have been treated with the most unqualified censure , and with an asperity which I little expected to find in this enlightened assembly . It is one of the misfortunes of the catholic cause , that , composing as they do the great mass of the indigent population of Ireland , they are liable to every misrepresentation ; the crime of the individual becomes the offence of the sect ; the highest man in the community is made answerable for the conduct of the lowest : the religion itself is censured for the commission of those very acts which it reprobates and condemns—Many allusions have been made to the late Whatever that rebellion might have been , it 765 certainly was not in its origin a catholic war ; the principal leaders were not catholics , Whose object it was to depress one religion , in order to elevate another . On the contrary , they aimed to destroy . every thing that had been established , every thing that had been held sacred . They declared themselves to be alike enemies to the purity of the protestant worship , and to what they called the superstition of the catholic faith ;