this proposal is to strengthen the church establishment , to produce the tranquillity of Ireland , and secure the settlement of union ; but I must look not at the professions of the proposer , but at the tendency of the project ; and as i am convinced that its discussion at this improper and unfitting period will , instead of strengthening , shake the establishment of the church ; instead of tranquillizing , will convulse the kingdom of Ireland , and instead of cementing the union , will risk the separation ; I must beg the noble lords not at such a moment to hazard the horrors and the miseries of religious contests . —My lords , in delivering my sentiments upon this subject , I hope I shall be able to maintain that temper of cool discussion , which a question affecting so numerous and so respectable a de- 795 scription of his majesty 's subjects , a question so important and momentous in its bearings and consequences , demands.—My lords , it I should feel it to be my duty to resist the prayer of this petition , my vote will not be founded upon any uncharitable sentiments , entertained by me , of that branch of the christian family , which holds communion with the church of Rome . I shall easily find credit with your lordships for this assertion ; I shall easily find credit for it with the country ; I shall easily find credit for it with the Roman catholics themselves . For of every measure that has been brought forward ; during the time that I have had a seat in this house , for the relief of the Roman catholics from the old penal laws , it is well known I have been a strenuous supporter ; some measures of a contrary tendency , I have strenuously and successfully resisted.—My lords , I do not hold , that there is anything in the Roman catholic religion at variance with the principles of loyalty . I impute not actual disloyalty , far from it , to the Roman catholics of this kingdom at the present day . I do not believe that any Roman catholic of this country at the present day , thinks himself at liberty hot to keep faith With heretics , nor bound by his oaths to a protestant government , or that the pope can release him from the obligation of his oath of allegiance to his sovereign . The questions upon these points , which were some years since proposed to foreign universities , and to the faculties of divinity abroad , and the answers that were returned , which a noble earl this evening read in his place , were no news to me . I had a perfect knowledge of the questions proposed , and the answers returned ; in which these abominable principles were most explicitly and unanimously reprobated by the learned bodies to which the questions were propounded . And I am persuaded , that the Roman catholics of this country are sincere in their disavowal and abjuration of those pernicious maxims . I hold , that the Roman catholics of this country are dutiful and loyal subjects of his majesty , and I think them as well entitled to every thing that can be properly called toleration , and to every indulgence which can be extended to them with safety to the principles of our constitution , as many of those who do us the honour to tall themselves our protestant brethren ; the Roman catholics indeed differing less from us , in essential points of doctrine and in church discipline , than many of them . But my mind is so unfashionably constructed that it can not quit 796 hold of the distinction between to toleration and admission to political power and authority in the state . The object of toleration is conscientious scruples . I conceive that the Roman catholics already enjoy a perfect toleration . The statutes , which exclude them from offices of high trust and authority in the state , are not penal . Such exclusion are