those of your constitution , and have secured an uniformity of action by creating an identity of interest ; thus will you have simplified the imperial and constitutional motions to the one and the same principle of action , moving you in your home and in your imperial orbit , informing the body of your laws , and vivifying the mass of your empire.—The petition of the county of Oxford states the catholics have been ever enemies to freedom , just as the controversialists have said the catholics must be enemies to the king . The revolution , from whose benefits you are to exclude the catholics , was founded on a model formed and moulded by catholics , the declaration of right being almost entirely declaratory of rights and privileges secured by your catholic ancestors . One of your great merits at the revolution was not to have exceeded that models , but on the contrary you restrained popular victory , and restored establishments , and with them kindled a modest spirit , which has outlasted the French conflagration , a vital heat , which then cheered you , which now should cheer the catholic , and , giving light and life to both , I hope will be eternal—The great objects , church , state , and property , I adopt With the controversialist , and beg to rescue them from his wisdom , and to give them for their support the physical force of the catholic body , inasmuch as our danger does not arise from the possible abuse of his constitutional power , but from the possible abuse of his physical thoughts to obtain that constitutional power . In all this debate you will observe we argue as if we had but one enemy , the catholic , and we forget the French : and here what I said to the Irish parliament , on the catholic question , I will repeat to you . I said to them , `` the post you take is unfavourable , —in dependency of the British parliament , exclusion of the Irish catholics , a post to be kept against the power of one country , and the freedom of the other . '' I now say to you , the post you would take is unfavourable , a position that would keep France in check and Ireland in thraldom , to be held against the power of one country and the freedom of the other . There are 934 three systems for Ireland : one such as primate Boulton has disclosed , a system to set the people at variance on account of religion , that the government might be strong and the country weak ; a system , such an one as prevailed when I broke her chain , which made the minister too strong for the constitution and the country , too weak for the enemy ; a system which one of its advocates has described , when he said the protestants of Ireland were a garrison in an enemy 's country , and which another gentleman has described when he considered Inland as a caput mortuum . This system has failed ; it ought to have failed ; it was a party government and a party god.—There is another , extermination , that will not do—the extermination of three millions of , men would be no easy task in execution , no every charitable measure in conception . The justices of 1641 had dreamed of it , Cromwell had attempted , Harrington had talked of it . I hold the extermination of the people , and even of their hierarchy , to be such experiment as will not be proposed by any gentleman who is perfectly in his senses . Extermination , , then , will not do ; what is left ? The partial adoption of the catholics has failed , the eradication of the catholics can not be attempted , the absolute incorporation remains alone ; there is no other ; or did you think it necessary to unite with the Irish parliament , and do hesitate to identify with the people ?