and therefore it is not sufficient to refute his arguments , 't is necessary to controvert his facts . The catholics of Ireland , he says , hate the protestants , hate the English , and hate the 922 king . I must protest against the truth of this position ; the laws , virulent as they were , and mitigated as for the last seventeen years they have been , the people better than the laws , never could have produced that mischief ; against such a position I appeal to the conscious persuasion of every Irishman . We will put it to an issue : the present chief governor of Ireland is both an Englishman and the representative of English government ; I will ask the hon . gentleman whether the Irish hate him ? If I could believe this position , what could I think of the protestant ascendancy , and what must I think of the British connection and government , who have been for six hundred years in possession of the country with no other effect , according to this logic , than to make its inhabitants abhor you and your generation ? But this position contains something more than a departure from fact ; it says , `` strike France ; strike , Spain ; the great body of the Irish are with you : '' it does much more , it attempts to give them a provocation ; it teaches you to hate them , and them to think so ; and thus falsehood takes its chance of generating into fatal and treasonable truth . The hon . gentleman having misrepresented the present generation , mistates the conduct of their ancestors , and sets forth the past rebellions as proceeding entirely from religion . I will follow him to those rebellions , and shew , beyond his power of contradiction , that religion was not , and that proscription was , the leading cause of those rebellions . The rebellion of 1641 , or let me be controverted by any historian of authority , did not proceed from religion ; it did proceed from the extermination of the inhabitants of eight countries in Ulster , and from the foreign and bigoted education of the catholic clergy , and not from religion . The rebellion of the pale ( for it was totally distinct in period or cause from the other ) did not proceed from religion ; loss of the graces ; they resembled your petition of right , except that they embraced articles for the security of property ; disarmament of the catholics , expulsion of them in that disarmed state from Dublin ; many other causes , —order for the execution of certain priests . You will not forget there was an order to banish their priests in James the First 's time , and to shut up their chapels in Charles the First 's . These were the causes . There was another cause : you were in rebellion , Scotland was in rebellion ! These was another cause , the Irish government was in rebellion ; they had taken their part with the republicans , and wished to 923 draw into treason the Irish freeholders , that with the forfeiture of another 's rebellion they might supply their own . I go back with concern to those times : I see much blood , no glory ; but I have the consolation to find that the causes are not lodged in the religion or the soil , and that all of them but the proscriptive cause have vanished . I follow the member to another rebellion , the which should properly be called a civil war , not a rebellion ; it proceeded from a combination of causes which exist no longer , and one of those causes was the abdicating king at the head of the catholics , and another cause was the violent proscription carried on against the catholics by the opposite and then prevailing party . These causes are now no more ; or will the member say there is now an abdicating prince , or