service in the present state of the country ? He was of opinion , that the preparing the accounts would be attended with manifest inconvenience , and would answer no good purpose whatever . considered the observations of the hon . baronet premature , as he could not know whether the accounts would lead to enquiry or not . He would not contend , if any thing criminal occurred in the administration of lord St. Vincent , it should be passed over , and that an enquiry into his conduct ought not to be instituted . He declared , on his honour , that he did not act through party motives , he was an unconnected individual , not belonging to any man or set of men ; his conduct arose from his feelings for the situation of the country , and his knowledge where the faults were imputable , with respect to the administration of earl St. Vincent . The reduced state of the navy he attributed to the noble lord , and if enquiry was to be dispensed with the present session , he knew the difficulty of obtaining enquiry hereafter . He knew he had undertaken an herculean task in the first instance , but he had cogent , ample , and sufficient reasons for bringing the measure before the house . He trusted that no member would object to his motions , that parliament might decide whether enquiry was or was not necessary . He moreover trusted that no gentleman would be against the production of the papers , until they knew what they contained . They were neither as voluminous nor as intricate as some members might imagine ; and he pledged himself that they could be produced in a week or ten days , without giving any extraordinary trouble to the lords of the admiralty in perusing their contents . He thought them absolutely necessary to be produced as he would take upon him to prove , that lord St. Vincent had disgraced the British navy , and was the greatest enemy to the country and the navy of Great-Britain that the country ever knew . said , he was far from opposing the motion now before the house , especially as the hon . gent . had put it out of his power 733 to do so , by declaring that the noble and gallant earl had disgraced the British navy , and was the greatest enemy to the country that the country that the country ever knew . If the hon . gent . said all this from his own suggestion , it was a pity that he was not a lord of the admiralty , by which he might have obtained greater information than he probably now possessed . The lights , however , which he professed to have obtained , and the decisive line of conduct he had adopted , were rather strange in an independent country gentleman , professing himself to be unconnected with any party . It was equally strange too , that no attack whatever had been made against earl St. Vincent until he adopted measures which tended to attack others . The proceedings of this day were certainly a good warning to any man to be very careful how he ventured to attack abuses . If the hon . gent . had indeed been a party man , instead of an unconnected gentleman , as he described himself , he might have been suspected of having taken a very dexterous way to divert the attention of the house from the other enquiries already going forward ; but he could not consider it altogether fair in this unconnected man to assert that he could prove earl St. Vincent to have disgraced the navy , and have been an enemy to his country . After he had heard the minister himself object to some of those pipers which might turn out to be the most necessary for the noble earl 's defence ; let the fair and full enquiry be granted ; and if any of the papers required should appear of too delicate a nature to be