gent . pursuing this error , says , as a reason for farther time , and inquiry , it is difficult to decide upon complex and intricate accounts , meaning thereby the accounts of Mr. Trotter Sir , these accounts have nothing to do with the charge which I have stated . I ask the house , will they , after 10 years of consideration and examination , enable you to say , that lord Melville did not connive at Mr. Trotter , his paymaster , taking money out of the bank , and applying it to the purposes of , private emolument ? You know they will not ; and , therefore , as to this charge , no delay is necessary . But it has been said , that the accounts are not correct ; as it will appear that the sums transferred to the bank of Messrs. Coutts were only 7 or 8 millions , and not 15 , as therein stated . But how will this , admitting the fact to be so , acquit that noble personage of corrupt connivance at the breach of the law ? Is he innocent , because he only connived at the misapplication of 7 millions of the public money ? The next objection urged is , that the charge against the noble lord and Mr. Trotter is supported only by ex parte evidence . Why , this is indeed curious objection . The gentlemen chuse favorite terms for themselves , and then they quarrel with their own phrase . It is indeed ex parte evidence , but of what party ? Is it of the accuser ? no . It is the evidence of the 305 party accused stating every thing he thinks proper in his own defence and justification . But it has been said , that these parties have been hardly dealt with ; they have been taken by surprise , and have had no notice of what was going forward . What ! I thought that commission issued for the purpose of inquiring into abuses , with a view to correction and amendment . Have I been mistaken , and was it then for the purpose of inquiring into the transcendant merits and virtues of the treasurer and paymaster of the navy , and to ascertain what farther honours and rewards they deserved for their distinguished services ? These worthy parties , it now seems , were most cruelly deceived . They attended the commissioners , never once dreaming that abuses could have crept into their office , which the commissioners wished to investigate , but fancying it was to be only an examination , to ascertain the degree of their merits and virtues , and confidently anticipating a brilliant reward . Now , to come to this ex parte evidence , as it is called : lord Melville being asked , did you permit Mr. Trotter to draw the money from the Bank of England , and place it in his private banker 's hands ? his lordship answers , `` I never gave him a direct authority , but I knew he did it . '' Now , surely , it would have been more manly in his lordship to have said at once `` I did , '' than to admit that he knew what was going on , and did not prevent it . It was skulling from his duty . It was as much as saying to Mr. Trotter , make money of your office as you can , and I will protect you . And who is this Mr. Trotter , with whom lord Melville can not be presumed to have any fellow-feeling ? Why , the general agent of lord Melville . Why , knowing him to be acting in this illegal way , did he continue him in the practice ? Can any man believe it was exclusively for Mr. Trotter 's sole benefit ? But even though it were , lord Melville would not be the less responsible ; as principal , he was as corrupt as if the act of his agent had been done personally