held in his hand a declaration , signed by sir Francis Burdett , which the house , he had no doubt , would receive , agreeably to the act of the 28th of the king , for the regulation of controverted elections . The act being read pro formâ by the clerk , the hon . gent . observed , that , according to its provisions , any member , in case of a contested election , might withdraw himself from the contest , by signing a written declaration to that effect , which the house was bound to receive . called the attention of the house to the present proceeding . He observed , it was certainly competent for a member to withdraw himself by signing a written declaration , but he must relinquish prosecuting the business totally , but not partially . The question was , whether the declaration was so defined , that the hon . member withdrew himself out of one or several parts of the charges contained hi the petition . was of opinion that the declaration Which he held in his hand 380 came within the act . It declared , that it was not the intention of the hon . baronet to defend the petition , as far as related to the majority , or the right of voting , but he wished to defend himself against the charge of bribery and corruption . He thought the latter words superfluous , but did not imagine they vitiated the declaration . argued , on the contrary , that , unless the declaration was final , it could not be received . was of opinion that the declaration came within the spirit and the letter of the act , as it was impossible for the hon . baronet to proceed further ; and as the charge of perjury goes to civil penalties , the declaration , if not worded as it was at present , may be brought against him . observed , that with the indulgence of the house , he would withdraw the declaration , for the purpose of amending it ; and as the hon . baronet was indisposed in the country , he would present another , signed by him , to-morrow or next day.—After a few words from Mr. Rose and Mr. Grey , the declaration was accordingly withdrawn . adverted to the present rules prescribed by law , for the issue of small bank notes in Ireland , by which it was enjoined , that no private banks should be allowed to issue notes under three guineas value in that country . The effect of such a measure must obviously be highly detrimental to trade in general . The farmer could not , on account of the scarcity of specie , sell a small quantity of corn there , to the amount of 20s . or 30s . unless he could , which was very rarely the case , give change for a 3-guinea note , and the same difficulty was felt in every other branch of dealing . This was not felt in England , or Scotland , where the private bankers can get small notes from the Bank of England ; but the national Bank of Ireland was restrained , so as not to extend its issues . He saw no reason for this distinction in the case of Irish private banks , as they must always have in their possession national notes , in proportion to their own issues , and were therefore perfectly secure . He would leave it to any gent. , conversant with business , to reflect on the extreme inconveniencies that must ensue ever here , if , while the restriction on the bank continues , there 381 should be no smaller than 3 guinea notes in circulation . In Ireland , the measure had a most desireable tendency , as the tradesman there had seldom any other way of getting his note exchanged , but of repairing to the public house , and spending a great part of the money . He then moved for leave `` to bring in a