I do not see any occasion for any part of the detail being transmitted to the navy board . '' —I beg to know whether I have stated the direct contrary of the true representation on these letters ? I have not dune so , as far at least as my understanding goes . I say , it was stated originally in my lord Hobart 's letter , that the funds were , in the first instance , to be supplied from the navy , but that they were ultimately to come from the treasury , and that my lord St. Vincent was aware of this . I should he glad to know what he has to say against that ? —My lord St. Vincent states , that the whole expenditure is to be defrayed by the treasury . He protests against the application of any naval motley for that purpose . I have my lord St. Vincent 's authority to state , that he would have quitted altogether ; or to use 478 his own emphatical expression , put his hand in the fire , rather than he would have consented to the issue of any naval money for that purpose . —I did not mean to say any thing in contradiction to what the noble earl has thought fit to communicate to the hon . member as to what he would have assented to : I am stating only what appears on the face of the papers . —I say the papers completely prove that which my lord St. Vincent said to me . lamented that he had had the misfortune not to be in the house when this discussion had commenced , and that , therefore , he could but imperfectly reply to all that had been said . But he was clear that the expedition was perfectly known to lord St. Vincent , and he thought it but justice to all parties to say , that he was perfectly acquainted with the whole transaction . Lord St. Vincent resided at that time chiefly in the country , and , therefore , the communications with him were entirely by notes . His ( Mr. Sullivan 's ) letter to sir Andrew Snape Hamond was dated 9th Feb. On the 10th , lord Hobart wrote to lord St. Vincent , that for security , and expedition sir A. Hamond was to take charge of the whole of the preparations , and to advance the funds which were to be afterwards replaced . Sir A. Hamond proposed to raise the money by an issue of navy bills , which were to be paid off when the money for the expedition was issued from the treasury . The funds thus created were paid into Messrs. Hammersley 's bank . He did believe in the beginning , that lord St. Vincent was acquainted with the whole of this arrangement . But he acceded to the declaration of partial knowledge , because he was sure that the noble lord would not say that which was hot true . But till he knew that his lordship had declared himself so entirely ignorant of those particulars , he did believe that he was perfectly aware of them . He did believe the hon . gent . opposite , when he stated that lord St. Vincent declared he would have sooner put his hand in the fire than have countenanced this application of the navy money . But certainly lord St. Vincent did not shew any , such aversion to it at the time , he supposed from what had been said , because his lordship did not know it was to be done . thought he could throw some light on this transaction , by statics 479 what he knew of it from his official situation at the time . Great difficulty arose from the unwillingness of lord St. Vincent to apply the navy money to this expedition ; and there being at that time no vote of credit , the only resource that remained was , that the comptroller of the navy should provide the funds in the first instance , and that