merely because James II was a papist that he was driven from the throne , the pride which the country felt in that event ought to he much diminished . Surely , however , it was the arbitrary principles of that monarch , as well as his religious bigotry , which provoked the indignation of this nation , and led to the revolution . It was their civil rights as well as their religious liberties which the nation rose to assert . It was stated , too , that if the laws against the catholics were repealed , that body would acquire great and dangerous power ; nay , it was said , that they would become the state itself . Now , if there was any thing in the noble baron 's opening speech more particularly unanswerable , it was that on which he demonstrated that , on the most exaggerated view of the increase of the catholics , it was impossible that , by the circumstance of their restoration to political rights , they could be a majority in that house . In fact , it was exceedingly probable that the number of them in the house would always be exceedingly small . Could there then he any ground for the fears of the insecurity of property , and the resumption of ancient forfeitures , which were result from this visionary future catholic ascendancy ? Besides , was it to be expected that the catholics would always act with such steadiness and uniformity in a body , as that none of them would be subject to influences , and to the temptation of a place ? At the time of the union with Scotland , dangers to the state were apprehended from the circumstance of the religion of that country being popular in its nature , that the representatives of that country would be apt to fall into the extremes of popular liberty . It had seldom occurred , however that there had been any pretence to accuse he gentlemen from the north , of being inclined to run after theories of popular liberty , or stepping forward as tribunes of the people . In the most troublesome times , in the moments when the revolution of France had the greatest influence on the minds of men , our northern neighbours never distinguished themselves by falling into popular courses . In the same manner there seemed very little reason to apprehend that the catholics , from any supposed tendency of their religious opinions , would ever come to be formidable , either to church or state . What was said too , that if this were granted , something more would be asked , was an argument that 705 might be equally applied every other species of appeal for redress of grievances . But instead of refusing what the catholics now ask , it was a policy imposed on us by necessity , to conciliate them by a measure that would unite so large a portion of the empire zealously in its defence . It was stated against the petitioners , however , that they wished to be relieved from a test which only bound them to declare they were not traitors . But , surely , to call upon people to say so of themselves , was no very great compliment to them . On the contrary , it must be something very painful to their feelings , especially if such a test was imposed on them as a particular class . If all were equally obliged to such a test it would not be felt as a degradation by the catholics . As to the question of the time , it was stated , that there was no chance of the measure being carried at this moment . Upon what ground the noble lord made that assertion , he was at a loss to know . It surely could not be forgotten , that the same right hon . gent . who had retired from office , because , he could note carry the catholic question , and who had stated that he never would return