. We have wavered between war militias ; volunteers of shopkeepers , who can not quit their shops ; armies for limited service , to be afterwards tempted to volunteer into unlimited service ; new fangled , antiquated , and unpracticable prerogatives , dragged out of the charnel house of rotten and decayed usurpation , to bolster up a modern system of unconstitutional defence , more odious and alarming than the invasion which it was intended to meet . The constitutional principle of a regular army , with the consent of an existing parliament , so jealously asserted and preserved at the revolution in the declaration of rights , and re-echoed annually in . the preamble of the mutiny act , has been trampled under foot by an incomprehensible act , known by the name of the parish act , which , without raising the men for present use , ( in which it has failed ) , has inflicted a fatal wound on the constitution by enabling the king , without the future consent of parliament , to raise 57,880 men , or 201. per man to raise them by . At the hopeless treaty of Amiens , called by its negotiators and panegyrists an experimental peace , and by Spain , in its late negotiations , a continuation of the war ; 201 at this peace , which according to all opinions , gave no hopes of its continuation , or removed the fear of war to a great distance , and of a vigorous , not a languid war , which is a contradiction in terms , after the full experience of the preceding war in which every trick had been practised upon , and every shape given to the militia ; the practice of recruiting the army from the militia was , on the fullest investigation , considered as an error , and solemnly renounced by govt . before an assenting parliament ; and they considered it as essential to the defence of the country and to the . vigorous disposition of the regular force , that the war establishment of the militia should be unalienably increased 20,000 men . On these assurances of govt . and pledges from parliament , the land occupier acquiesced without a murmur , and the abated zeal of the patrons of the militia and its officers revived , and the discipline of the militia was again restored . If this bill should pass , the faith of ministers and of parliament is for ever blasted ; it will be obvious that pledges are put forward to carry , a point on public credulity , and not to be kept : their present justification can not save the then administration from the imputation of the grossest fraud . It is in vain to say , that it was just and equitable to hold out an unalienable defensive militia , to be augmented at the expence of the land occupiers , from the prospect of war ; occupiers , was just , and equitable to raise such force at their expence on the breaking force the war , and immediately to seduce them from that service for general service of the public purse , leaving the and occupiers with the expence of that home of which he is to be plundered This is a gross fraud and injustice , and has no termination , for if a change public affairs can in so short a time justify such a change in our defence in as short a time it may justify return to the contrary system , another augmentation may , with equal fitness and propriety , be raised at the renewed expence of the land occupier . Govt has the audacity to propose to parliament , and to do themselves in parliament what no individual would venture to do singly , out of parliament , in the private intercourse of life ; or if he practised such iniquities , he would not be endured in society . Such conduct must raise universal indignation and a feeling of criminality to ministers , who have sacri- 202 ficed the constitution of the country