it ( for many neither know nor care about it ) will give you their own conjectures of whatever claim , debt , or demand , public or private , they wish to he freed from : scarce any believe it to be what it really is , a struggle for a few offices of political influence , or seats in parliament , which the lower ranks can not enjoy , and feel no interest in . These lower ranks do not , and can not , urge what they neither want nor comprehend . It is not , therefore , they who call for this measure . And now let us see how the argument stands as to the superior orders of the catholics.—Do the gentlemen tell you the measure is necessary to secure their loyalty , or to procure their strength in this hour of peril ? They pay them a bad compliment indeed , if they represent this boon , or any boon , as necessary to make or keep them loyal ; a compliment which I should be ashamed to offer , and which I could not concur in with truth ; for I know personally many of those gentlemen who have signed this petition , and I think I can answer for them they would spurn such an idea . Those Of them whom I have either the honour or pleasure of being able to speak of from personal acquaintance , are as loyal men , as good subjects , and have acted With as much zeal and energy to uphold the state against the rebel and against the invader , as any individuals in the kingdom.—I will not then believe that the upper orders of the catholics are only-conditionally loyal , or that they would qualify their attachment to the empire by resting it on claims to be conceded , or stipulations to be bargained for ; but if I could believe it , it would form with me an insurmountable bar to giving them that political power which is the acknowleged object of their petition ; and it ought to decide us all unanimously and instantly to reject a demand so made . This argument of conciliation , therefore , so far as respects the loyalty or accession of the lower orders to the national strength , is confuted by the facts which the gentle- 1002 men who offer it have themselves urged , and the upper orders can not admit it without acknowleging a qualified and temporising loyalty only , which their conduct disavows . But to proceed with this favourite argument of conciliation , and it is almost the only one offered . If it is still urged that this measure will give content , and that the catholics will rest satisfied , you are totally mistaken . Let us judge of their future by looking at their past conduct . In 1778 , the Irish parliament removed some of the then existing restraints : content was to be the consequence ; but they were not satisfied . In 1782 greater indulgence was granted ; in 1792 they petitioned for further favours ; and , in 1798 , much more was given to them than even they asked . I did not agree in that gift : I did not think that political wisdom justified our going so far ; but a contrary opinion prevailed ; the measure was carried , and I wish it to be at rest for ever . I feared at the time that it would lead to new and further inadmissible demands ; and that fear was too well founded ; for two years did not elapse in 1795 , they again came forward with the same object as they do now : and do you think that if you now acquiesce , they will rest here ? I am sorry to say the nature of man Will not allow us to indulge such a hope while his pursuit is power . No , they will not stop on this concession . We all know they look with jealousy to their tithe being paid to the