purpose , or it never have been adopted . It was designed for the protection of those who , though conscious of no moral delinquency , might , under particular circumstances , have been guilty of a legal crime . Such was exactly the situation in which Wilson stood in the whole of this business . Looking to the transaction a moral view , looking to him as not deriving the slightest advantage from misapplication of the public money , he had no more to do with it than the pen which he used , than the very ink which he used for those drafts by which the transfer was effected . Let me remind the house too , that the clause was not introduced into the bill on light authority . I contended for it strenuously here , but my exertions were not crowned 386 with success . In the other house of parliament , however , it was introduced on the suggestion of the lord chancellor , and when I have said this , I have surely said enough to shew that the clause was not meant to be an idle , unmeaning provision ; but an active , positive regulation , on which every individual appearing before the commissioners had a fair right to act . Wilson did take advantage of the clause , and in so doing , only did what almost any man would have done under such circumstances . Though only himself an instrument , he was sensible that his answers might bring him into an unpleasant situation , which therefore he prudently avoided . In such conduct there was no criminality , since , while the individual exercised a right which the law allowed him , the public sustained no loss . This , sir , is the view which the best consideration of the subject has suggested , and , acting on these principles , I have not thought it my duty to dismiss Mr. Wilson from the situation which he holds in my office . This house has hitherto decided nothing on the case of Wilson , and , therefore , I have not felt it my duty to dismiss him from his present employment . When the house does express such a determination , it will undoubtedly be my duty to bow to it with all suitable respect ; but , till that opinion is expressed , I shall continue to follow that line of conduct which appears to me alike consistent with justice and humanity . I am sensible , that in following this course , I subject myself to a great deal of odium and abuse . My conduct is ascribed to the most dishonourable motives ; my refusal to dismiss Wilson is branded with the opprobrious epithet of protection of convicted guilt . Seeing the matter , however , as I now see it , I shall endure all this odium and reproach . When this house shall declare their opinion fairly , it will be my duty to submit to it ; till that period arrives , Wilson shall not , in the absence of any proof of his guilt , be dismissed from his situation . I shall never , either by my voice or by my conduct , patronize the tyrannical , despotic principle of punishment previous to conviction . Having said so much in answer to the hon . member opposite , I have only to say , that I shall not oppose the motion . in explanation , maintained that the right hon . gent . had totally misrepresented his argument . He had not asserted that the conduct of the right hon . gent . as treasurer of the navy , was any 387 aggravation of the particular libel in question , but he insisted that the particular circumstances in which the house were placed , rendered it highly necessary to watch over the dignity and honour of their proceedings , and not permit them wantonly either to be opposed or insulted . In alluding to the case of Wilson , he had meant clearly to explain to the house his