system must continue to produce consequences of the most disastrous nature . Abuses must , from the very nature of things , spring out of this excessive lost for power . Abuses must arise from the remoteness of our possessions , so little liable to investigation or punishment . But it was fit that the house should bear in mind . that evils which originated in India would not confine themselves to that country . Even at this moment , some of those evils were already felt , and many more would follow in their track . India , under its present government , afforded us no revenue . It was on the contrary there that our resources were consumed in ruinous conquests , that the flower of our troops were cut off , fighting unnecessary battles , India , under a wise system of policy , might be at once a source of revenue and a fund of the most beneficial commerce . Before these effects took place , however , the present system of apathy , with regard to our Indian affairs , must be abandoned for a system of jealousy , of justice , and of moderation . From the conduct of parliament now , with regard to India , it appeared as if her authority to legislate fro that part of 226 the empire , were absolutely abdicated . From a deep conviction that this system could not long be persisted in , he had risen to call the attention of the house to the subject , as he had felt it his duty to do on many former occasions . Since he had last submitted the consideration of our affairs in India generally to parliament , the constitution of the house had been so much changed , as well as the individuals who composed it , that it became necessary for him to take a short view of our Indian policy , from the time of our first settling there down to the present day , describing briefly the principles which parliament had at different periods laid down for the regulation of our government . In the first place , he had to state the reasons which induced him so often to take up this office ; this thankless office , as he had often experienced it . It was in 1773 that his first connection with India originated , when he was sent out by the government or that period to be a member of the supreme council . During a residence of six years in India , his conduct had ever received the strongest marks of approbation ; and on his return in 1781 it had undergone the most rigid examination . A committee of the house had examined every act and every opinion which he had delivered while a member of the supreme council ; and he was proud in the recollection that the report of that committee was as favourable as even his most sanguine wishes could have desired . It was a report of the most unqualified approbation . Other committees had made similar reports , and after all the inquiry which did take place , he had a right to say , that though not formally tried , he was much on his trial as even Mr. Hastings was , when he was formally arraigned before the highest tribunal in this country . To himself , who had received so little solid advantage from the attention he had bestowed on Indian affairs , it was a consolation to know , that his conduct , and the policy which he had ever recommended , had received the most flattering testmonies.—Having said so much respecting the origin of his connection with India , be proceeded to the direct consideration of the question , in doing which he assured gentlemen that they had no occasion to be alarmed by any apprehension of long , dry details . All that he had in contemplation was a bird's-eye view of the business , for that would be fully sufficient for the object he had proposed on the present oc- 227 casion . There was