state of the possessions of the church as a source of taxation ; contemplate the effects of an union of these bodies acting systematically , forming subscriptions ; recollect that parties may be in this country who would go all lengths to attain and maintain power , and nobody can calmly say very serious attacks might not be made on the establishment of the church . We are told this is not a time to exclude men from the service of the state for religious opinions . In the first place , in Ireland the catholics are not generally excluded ; and secondly , it is not on account of religious opinion , but because they will not acknowledge the supremacy of the king , and come , in a general way of considering the subject , within the provisions of the 24th of Henry the Eighth . We are likewise told , that the fears of the pope and pretender are gone by ; of the latter certainly , except by arguments there seem some attempts to set up his title . But the pope has no power . It is not the power of the pope , but the power of those over whom the pope has influence , that is to be considered ; and if that unfortunate person , having disgraced his reverend hand by anointing an usurper , is a prisoner in his capital , and under his authority has a communication with Ireland , and spiritual mixed with civil authority appointing the hierarchy of the country , who can deny this is a solecism in politics , and can not be contemplated without apprehension ? —But what I most disapprove is the manner in which this question is brought forward . Whoever proposes a change of so important a nature as this is , whoever proposes to alter laws , ought to explain the whole plan and the whole project.—It was said that , in consideration of restrictive laws , all that excluded persons from equal power , the onus lay upon those to shew cause who 794 wished for their continuance . Is it so ? I know not how the people of England will like to hear that they are to shew cause for the protection of the corporations and their franchises against universal suffrage of freeholders against copyholders ; but for one , I am ready to take the onus . `` What , have you gained by the war ? '' was frequently asked ; what was the noble lord 's answer ? `` that I have survived the shock under which other nations have sunk , '' quod spéro tuum est . I listened with considerable attention to hear what was to be proposed . The first noble lord was all general , and seemed to profess only a compliance with the petition in aid of this favoured sect , forgetting all others upon equal claims , though his argument went to the full extent to them ; but not guard , no declaration of what was to be put in the place . I attended with great anxiety to the next , in the blue ribbon ; fully convinced , by his mature judgment and discretion , that he had some distinct plan to produce , which , whilst it gave liberty in one instance , would set up some substitute and guard on the other . Not a word.—As to the third noble lord , from the extent of his arguments , I heard at least nothing in favour of any religious establishment . We ought to see the whole plan and the whole project , that we may be sure , when we come into this committee , any two of the proposers any agree upon what they would wish to have done . I shall be glad to see this new work of Vauban , and to know if I can not proceed against it by sap or storm with more prospect of success than against this ancient castle , which has been fortified at every point where danger has threatened.—We have been told that