opinion of men in power , or likely to be in power , or whose authority or interest is looked up to with confidence , is favourable to the cause to which the vote of the right hon . gent . is adverse . I wish we could have had his vote , but I thank him for his argument ; and this brings me to another part of his conduct . The right hon . gent . says , that he finds not only now , but that three or four years past , the public opinion was contrary to mine . If he had brought forward this question when he was out of office , he might have stated some grounds which would have made it less dangerous to be encouraged than at the present moment . If he had stated that fact , and the public had seen that most of the considerable men in parliament were of one opinion , though his opinion would have done much , yet the argument Would have done more , and the public opinion would not , perhaps , have taken that turn , he tells us it has : whether it has taken that turn , or not , I doubt ; I own I see no symptom of it . There are unquestionably very respectable bodies of men , some of whom have given their opinion contrary to the Opinion I profess : but that there is a generally prevailing opinion adverse to mine , I can not suspect ; I can not think , that , among rational men , the advantages which present themselves on the one hand , and the dangers which menace on the other , can be overlooked . The claims of the catholics are not only consistent with the principles of the constitution , but Consonant to its vial spirit , and I hope and trust the public opinion will ultimately be led by reason to that point , to which , if it is not led , I am sorry to say , we shall not have the full , and effective force , and physical strength of the united empire . If ever there was a time when it was necessary we should have its entire exertion , it is the present . This is a period when all our energies are called into action . `` Toto certandum est corpore regni . '' But who can say the country has the effectual advantage of the corpus regni , while 1054 one-fifth of its inhabitants are deprived of those privileges they ought to enjoy , and without which , to them , the country is nothing ? But the argument is taken two ways : first , you say you have no fears from the catholics ; that if you trusted them they would be loyal ; and that , therefore , what danger is to be apprehended from them ? I would answer , `` give to them , then , what they claim , as the reward of their loyalty . '' Are we to argue without reference to the general principles of human nature ? The proper way to weigh the justice of an argument is by the scale of common sense , and the feelings of mankind upon the subject ; but if the argument drawn from the loyalty of the Roman catholics is to be used against them , to their prejudice , I can only say , that it is more disgraceful to the public , than even to the speaker . They say these gentlemen , I mean the Roman catholics , are loyal ; I truly believe they are so ; nay , I believe that if you refuse their claims , many in their zeal , public spirit , and loyalty , will go far beyond what they can fairly be called upon for ; but can I expect as much from the generality of the catholics ? Do we not say , that out country being under the freest constitution in the world , the subject enjoys the greatest degree