not considered by foreigners as that part of our constitution which is most deserving of admiration . The two heads of restrictions are quite distinct . Suppose I proceed to consider , first , that with respect to offices ; the restrictions under this head go either to limit the prerogative of the crown or the choice of the people . We restrain the prerogative of the crown in appointing the catholics to certain offices : let us examine on what ground . Originally the test act was for the purpose of excluding the catholics from the service of Charles II , to prevent catholics being appointed by Charles II . to executive offices : and here a very whimsical but strong 843 * observation occurs . One of the most popular arguments in favour of the test , with a view to the restraint on the prerogative , and I have heard it frequently used , was , that it was necessary to make the constitution agreeable to analogy ; and that when it was insisted that the king should be of the church of England , it was necessary all his officers should be of the same persuasion . What beautiful uniformity there is in this , I own I can not see . I apprehend that our ancestors reasoned in a very different manner . I apprehend it was not because we forced the king to be a protestant , that we found it necessary to have his officers of the same religion , but because we doubted whether the king was in reality a protestant or not , and because we suspected him of a design to overturn the constitution of the county , as in the case of James II . If we suspected him of being a catholic , it Was right we should not suffer any officers to be near him who might assist him in an infraction of the constitution . But it is the most strange reasoning I ever heard , that because the king being a protestant , and therefore not liable to suspicion , you are to prevent him from having the assistance of his catholic subjects . This test passed in the reign of Charles II. , and with the approbation of a very great man ( Mr. Locke ) , who observed , that it might have been a necessary measure . The next reign was that James II. , who was a professed Catholic . If there was any virtue in other days—God knows there was little enough in his : if he had repealed the test act , it would have been for the purpose of obtaining the Means of acting against the liberty of the subject . Then how came the laws to be continued ? The continuation of the test laws after the revolution , was because the dissenters being included in the test act , it was the object of the high church party to hold the dissenters to a law which they had favoured . It was a kind of compromise , on enacting it against the Roman catholics , to say , we will retain it against you . In this control of the parliament , it ought to be observed how the question stands . The test does not prevent the king from appointing a catholic to any office , civil or military ; it only makes it necessary , after a certain time , for the person appointed to do certain act . With respect to the catholic dissenters , you have given it up in a great number of points , and you have maintained it in others . We come now to the distinction of those cases in which you have given 844 * up the restraint . You have given it regard to all subordinate offices in the army and navy , and in the profession of the law , but you refuse it with respect to the higher offices . Then you say to the catholics , `` we have kept nothing from you as a body ; you do not all expect to