prosecute individuals . But : at the same time I must say , that the gentlemen on the other side have not been remarkable for their forbearance in any case where government has been concerned . I do not , therefore , see why the house of commons should be the only part of the constitutional body that is to be libelled with impunity . I widely differ from my hon , friend , when he says that such a paragraph as this appears almost every day , Undoubtedly I am not in the habit of reading the newspapers so much as he does , but I certainly have scarcely ever seen any thing like this . I defy any gentleman to shew me any such paragraph , There are , indeed , often attacks on individuals , that , strictly speaking , are whol- 439 ly unjustifiable , but I say , that if such an imputation as this had been thrown on any of the proceedings of the house of commons , when the majority was in favour of administration , it would not be tolerated . No one would dare to do such a thing . I certainly do think this , therefore , an extraordinary case ; but at the same time , on the general principle , that the freedom of discussion , either in or out of doors , should not be discouraged , I am free to confess , that I am not of opinion that the punishment ought to be severe . —Nothing , sir , in my opinion , can be more serious than a libel directed against an individual . It very often does him incalculable injury , because it goes into a thousand places where it is absolutely impossible for him to follow it . But , sir , I really think that a libel on the house of commons stands upon very different grounds ; paragraphs of this sort , when they are not in unison with the public feeling , are of little importance . This libel , sir , is certainly out of all unison with the public feeling , and therefore , in my opinion , it is perfectly harmless . This is certainly not the case when a libel is published on the conduct of a member of the house , and this , therefore , ought to be a more serious consideration . We ought to be more careful of protecting individuals from such attacks , because when the house , in a collective sense , acts with the public , all libels on their conduct can be attended with no mischievous effects , even though they should be more gross , if any thing can be more gross , than the libel in question . I do not , therefore , think , that it was material to notice it ; but whether any proceedings should be had upon it , after it has been noticed , is another question entirely . I am rather disposed to agree with the right hon . gent . on the other side , that something should certainly be done by way of marking the displeasure of the house . But I must advert to one thing . We are here accused of haste , intemperance , & c. Now , sir , how did we proceed ? You gave the vote that decided the matter , and therefore this is more particularly a libel upon you—you whom we all respect , and whom certainly it becomes us all to protect from any improper imputations . This case , therefore , does undoubtedly differ from 'any other very materially . Can it be supposed , sir , that you were actuated by intemperance , or gave your vote in haste , after you had 440 listened to the arguments on both sides ? Certainly this can not be said . This may be a reason for taking notice of the libel , but at the same time it must be confessed , it is an additional proof that it could be attended with no harm whatever