sooner or later had better be done now : what will assuredly be granted , had better be given with the best possible grace , I am sure it is necessary to repeal those laws in order to lay the basis of the future tranquillity of Ireland . After so many ages of wretchedness , confusion and blood , of degradation without , and smothered war within , a final settlement and peace is required ; a real , solid , founded , substantial peace , not an empty , hollow , treacherous truce , a settlement which would give security at home , and respectability abroad , which would be the commencement of a new æra in Ireland , when every man might forget the prejudices of a sectarian , and recollect the duties of a citizen . All the power , all energy , all the exertion of a happy and united people might be brought to the assistance of your threatened empire . That which constitutes your present weakness , would become your future strength ; 770 where you are now vulnerable you would hereafter be invincible , Six centuries have elapsed since the English first appeared in Ireland . Whether that country was or was not conquered , I shall not stop to enquire ; to be informed , it is not necessary to open the page of history . All the rugged shapeless features of conquest are too visible everywhere . A mile from a great town every shape and semblance of England vanishes . Religion , language , manners , habits , not only distinct , but opposite ; the great charter of liberty suspended ; the law inoperative party violence tearing asunder every Christian charity , every endearing connexion the protestant in his wrath seeking for his lately emancipated slave ; and too many of the lower class of men , in their despair , willing to trample on their allegiance : such is the faint outline of a most disgusting picture , such the state of a country inhabited by a brave , active , intelligent race of men , blessed with some of the power , population , wealth , and strength , amidst the bitterness of religious acrimony , popular delusion , and lurking rebellion . No stronger proof can be given of the natural and inherent energies of a country which has still flourished and prospered , notwithstanding the miserable system which has been pursued , and the vicious administration of the government . Ireland is the only country in the world , where it was thought necessary to proscribe by law a great majority of the inhabitants , where the parliament legislated not for the people , but against the people . I voted for the union with a firm conviction , with an assured hope , that it would forif the connexion between Great Britain and Ireland , heal the wounds of a distracted country , and ensure the future adoption of the catholic body . I voted with that doubt , hesitation , and reluctance , which every man must experience , who , in the triumph of duties over affections , ventures to shock the feelings , the passions , the honest prejudices of his country . I know that I adopted a hazardous experiment . I know that I differed from some of the best and wisest men in Ireland . I am sure , at the time , it was my honest , genuine , unbiassed sentiment . Possibly I might have despaired too soon ; oppressed by a sense of present evil , I fondly , perhaps vainly imagined , that nothing would tend so much to stifle jealousies , to allay the restless , ferocious , sanguinary spirit of intolerance , to subdue the fears or the loyal , and the hopes of the disaffected . I may have been mistaken ; if such has been 771 my misfortune , I have much to lament , and something to atone for ; but the act is done I was one of those who surrendered for ever the legislative independence of my