Should , on Monday next , move to have the Order relative to the house resolving into a committee on the motion of any noble peer , taken into consideration . To this he was principally induced , by what took place last night ; and , on account of the constructions which were put upon the order in question , in the course of the debate . Such an order was , he thought , inconsistent with the dignity of their lordships ' proceedings , and might be productive of the highest inconvenience , admitting it to empower any lord at his pleasure , thereby to constitute himself a majority of the house ; and , even when the most important public business might be regularly under Consideration , to oblige the house to go into a committee . An order construed so as to operate in that way , was so objectionable in every point of view , that it should not be suffered to remain a moment longer than was necessary . He concluded by moving that the lords be summoned for Monday next . observed , that though the noble secretary had not stated the nature of his intended , motion , yet it might , in some degree , be conjectured . As to the degree of inconvenience which that or any other standing order might induce , he should not then offer an opinion . He , however , could not avoid remarking , that the noble lord 's idea , that `` under the operation , of the order alluded to , any peer might constitute himself , in effect , a majority of the house , '' would be an argu- 179 ment for the abrogation of every standing order in the book . acknowledged , he had not been sufficiently explicit in terms , as to the nature of his intended motion ; but , when he had expressed his disapprobation of the order , in so marked a manner , he thought no doubt could arise as to his intention . However , he should now give a specific notice , that it was his intention to move , on Monday next , that the order in question be expunged . made some observations in support of what fell from his noble friend , relative to the effects and consequences of the order adverted to . He was adverse from its being considered as a standing order ; its import and wording being different from all others of that description . In the way in which it was construed by some noble lords last night , it was the most inconsistent thing imaginable ; for , in the event of the usual notice being given for its suspension , on any particular occasion , how could they know but any noble lord might , on the very day it was appointed to be considered , move the house to resolve into a committee ? a proceeding which might be urged any moment while the order existed . An additional objection against the order was its general impracticability ; because , were the order literally and fully enforced , their lordships , while in such committee , were required to sit , each in their proper places , according to their ranks and degrees ; a proceeding which , in that new house , their lordships would find it rather difficult to carry into effect . observed that , circumstanced as their lordships were at present , the proceeding adverted to would be totally impracticable . He recollected , that some time since , a commitee had been appointed to settle and arrange the proper seats for the respective orders of the peerage in that house ; but no report had yet been made upon the subject ; that committee should be referred to . In the house in which they formerly sat , the respective places were regularly arranged ; every peer knew his proper place when it was necessary he should sit in it ; but ; in the present house , that being not yet settled , such