adjournment . The extent of the adjournment had usually been from Thursday to Monday se'nnight ; but he should propose that , in this instance , it might be from Thursday to Thursday fortnight . Best gave notice , that on an early day after the recess , he should submit a motion to the house founded on the 11th report of the commissioners of naval equiry—Adjourned The royal assent was given by commission to the Irish Militia Enlisting bill , the Irish Spirits Permit bill , the Bread Assize , and Boyer 's Lottery bill . —The Lord Chancellor stated , that very shortly after the recess , he should move to appoint particular days for the delivery of judgment upon such causes as stood over for ultimate decision.— , The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages . —Adjourned to Thursday the 25th inst . The Speaker came down to the house at three o'clock , and after at- 372 tending in the house of peers , pursuant to a summons by the Black Rod , on his return , informed the house that the royal assent had been given by commission to the Irish Militia Volunteer bill , the Irish Spirit Permit bill , the London Bread Assize bill , Boyer 's Lottery bill , and several private bills.—Lord Stopford informed the house from the bar that his majesty had been waited on with the address of last night , and had been graciously pleased to appoint 4 o'clock this day to be waited on therewith . —A new writ was ordered for the borough of Malton , in the room of the hon . C. L. Dundas , who since his election had accepted the stewardship of his majesty 's Chiltern Hundreds . —The Prize Courts bill , and the Property Duty bill , passed through a committee pro formâ , were then reported , ordered to be printed as amended , and the reports to be severally taken into further consideration on the 30th instant . prefaced his motion for leave to bring in a bill to amend the 23d of the king , as far as it relates to the regulation of the office of paymaster of his majesty 's forces , by stating briefly the objects he had in view in bringing forward this measure . He had looked into the reports of the commissioners of accounts , and found that no accounts had been passed from the office of the paymaster previous to the passing of that bill ; the provisions of that bill were sufficient to secure the passing of the accounts ; but they gave to the public no means of compelling the production of vouchers , or of enforcing the payment of arrears that might accumulate in the hands of the paymasters ; in consequence of which , considerable risk was incurred by the public , from the length of time that often elapsed before the accounts were audited . One of his objects , therefore , was , to enforce the production of vouchers to the pay-office , and to give process to the public for the recovery of any arrears that may remain in the hands of the paymasters . Another was , to separate the acting from the retired or removed paymasters . There were many provisions in the existing hill which were found inconvenient or unnecessary . Another object consequently was , by omitting these parts , to accommodate the provisions of the bill to the practice of the office , under improved regulations , adopted since the passing of the bill . The measure he proposed he had prepared 373 during the summer , and had since submitted to the consideration of the auditors of the public accounts , and to the war department of his majesty 's government . It had received the approbation of both , and he was sure it was now in a state in which he could confidently present it to the house , the end proposed in it being precisely the same as the hon . framer of the former bill had in view ,