the public purse , and I shall certainly support my hon . friend in all his motions for carrying through this glorious work of reform . While I shall support the motions for calling lord Melville and Mr. Trotter to a strict account , I shall be equally a friend to any investigation of the control exercised by the treasury over the inferior offices . It is the duty of the treasury to see that negligence and waste do not exist in the inferior departments . I do not impute corrupt practices to the right hon . gent . at the head of the treasury , for I do not like to impute corruption to any one without strong evidence ; but I do see from the report , that the superintendance of the treasury has , in many instances , been criminally relaxed . The rank of the commissioners is not to screen them from inquiry ; and I trust the future proceedings of the house will fully prove the truth of this opinion . Though I am a representative for another part of the kingdom , I shall feel no hesitation in saying that I consider myself as much a representative for Great Britain as for Ireland , and on all occasions shall endeavour to act on this liberal principle . If the motion is persisted in , it certainly shall have my cordial vote . explained , and stated that lord Melville was as effectually excluded from his majesty 's councils , by what had already taken place , as he could be by any resolution of the house to that effect . rose , in consequence of the allusion made this night and on a preceding one , to the evidence of an experienced and meritorious officer of the bank before the commissioners of naval enquiry . That officer ( Mr. Newland ) had there intimated that the drafts passed by the treasurer had not always expressed the service on which they were drawn , conformably to the provisions of the act of parliament . If this were the case , the bank were certainly to blame , as he held in his hand a copy of the power under which the paymaster had passed his drafts from the year 1786 until the resignation of lord Melville ; this power stated in express words , `` that he should be particularly careful to specify in each and every draft the service for which the money was drawn . '' The fact was , that Mr. Newland , though at the head of the cashier 's department of the bank , was not the officer under whose inspection the detail of this branch of business was carried on , and therefore had only delivered a matter of opinion . The officer who paid the drafts from the 350 navy office had assured the hon . member , that after every research in his power , and to the best of his recollection , no draft had ever been paid without specifying the service . Since August , 1803 , the mode of conducting the business had been varied , and sums were written off at once by the bank from the treasurer 's account to that of the sub-paymasters of the navy , which accounts were kept also with that corporation.—The hon . gent . mentioned that allusions had been made to certain communications in which he was reported to be a party : but herein he begged to set the house right , and , as far as respected him , he could assure them they were founded in mistake . What might have passed with any other gentlemen they could themselves best explain . With respect to Mr. Trotter and Mr. Wilson , every apprehension that they could any longer abuse the confidence of their employer , or misapply the public money , were at an end . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had sent an order this morning to the bank , prohibiting any money being given to any person connected with the navel department , without a draft