in the mind of his sight hon . friend against those amendments should be removed . If the objections prevailing against those amendments , which objections he himself felt strongly , should not be done away by future discussion , the house , if the amendment now proposed were acceded to , might be placed in the dilemma of having prefixed a title to a bill , with which the bill itself may prove to be inconsistent . It was manifest to him that it would be much better to postpone the adoption of a title to the bill , which would imply an alteration of the existing act , until that change itself should be determined on . supported the amendment , and observed , that although he agreed with the right hon . gent . that this was not the 490 proper stage for going into detail or discussion upon the nature of such amendments as might be necessary , yet he agreed with his hon . friend , that some amendments for the purpose of enlarging the powers of the board of naval enquiry were necessary , from the embarrassing impediments those commissioners had already experienced in the course of their proceedings . The right hon . gent . 's leading objections were directed against the suggestions of his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , for enabling the board to enforce answers to such interrogatories as they should deem necessary , from the witnesses brought before them , without having the objects of their enquiry defeated by pretences that those persons were not bound to answer interrogatories , tending to their own crimination . His hon . friend never meant , he was confident , to expose any man to the severity of criminal proceedings , in consequence of any testimony extorted from him by the authority of the commissioners ; and the law of the land would protect him in such a case . The house , certainly , in appointing the board of commissioners for the purpose of naval enquiry , did not surrender any of its own privileges ; neither did he conceive the house to have warranted any individual to direct his censures against the conduct of those commissioners which it had so highly approved : and before the right hon . gent . proceeded to direct such heavy censures against that board , it was incumbent upon him to have pointed out those parts of their conduct which called for his reprobation . He had himself given notice of an intention to move for the thanks of that house to the commissioners of naval enquiry , for that conduct which had already excited the universal gratitude of the country without doors ; and when he should have the honour of bringing that motion forward in a day or two , he should hope , if not for the concurrence of the right hon . gent. , at least for some explanation of those parts of the conduct of the commissioners , which he had taken so untimely and unqualified an occasion to censure . The commissioners of enquiry had complained that their powers were defective , inasmuch as they had no power to enforce the answers to which his hon . friend alluded ; and the right hon . gent . was all alarm , lest public officers should be placed in the liability of criminating their conduct , by telling the truth . It did not appear however , from 491 the existing state of things , that self-crimination was much the order of the day But he would beg leave to ask the right hon . gent . if he was always so much alive to constitutional feelings on this point or whether he had forgotten the bill introduced by himself into that house in 1785. for the express purpose of enquiring into abuses which had obtained in the fees of the public offices of government , by which bill , the commissioners appointed under it were invested with such powers as completely stripped all persons brought before them of those rights now so warmly and pertinaciously contended