rather more specific in the account he should call for , because he was anxious that the English timber should be distinguished from that which was to proceed from any contracts that had been made , to import from Holstein , or elsewhere.—His next notion would be for `` An account shewing the number of months which the hemp , and spars for masts and topmasts , in store in the 15th of May 1804 , would last , according to the average consumption , during the late war ; and also how many months that which is due on the contracts would last . '' It would appear from this account , he could assert , from the best authority , that there wads nearly 18 months consumption in store , and that a quantity equal to the consumption of 12 months had been contracted for.—He would next move for `` A copy of the order from the admiralty to the navy board , dated in January 1776 , for keeping a three year 's stock of timber in the dock-yards . '' rose to order , and suggested whether it would not be proper for the noble lord to have the sense of the house taken on his first proposition , before he should proceed to read and comment upon the long series of motions which he intended submitting to their lordships . thought it would save their lordships much trouble , if he should proceed to read them , instead of having the question put upon every one of them , which he should find himself under the necessity of doing , if he were prevented from following that course which he had adopted , as likely to least delay their lordships . thought it would be best to let his lordship proceed , and explain at once the purport of all his motions , as he hoped to be able to satisfy the house , that there was no real necessity for acceding to any of them . then moved for `` A copy of that part of the report made by the commissioners of the navy who inspected Chatham dock-yard in 1785 , which has reference to the supplies of timber sent into that yard , and into the yards of Deptford and Woolwich . '' In that report it would , he believed , appear , that the building of ships of war by contract , impeded considerably the service of the king 's yards , as it prevented supplies of timber from being offered to them.—His next motion would be for `` Copies of the reports made by the purveyors of Sherwood Forest , dated 18th Nov. 1797 , and 4th Dec. 1802 ; also an account , shewing the number of trees which have been felled in that forest , for the use of the navy , since the period fast mentioned ; specifying when the navy board made application to the treasury for the fall of the said trees . '' This would establish the fact , that the whole forest had been suffered to rot , notwithstanding the report of the purveyors , till the year 1803 , when a fall of 8000 trees was made ; and during that time the very ships building in the king 's yards were rotting for want of timber to complete them.—He would next move for `` A copy of the letter from the navy board to their purveyor of Sherwood Forest dated 20th Nov. 1797 , declining the offer of timber made by Mr. Shaw , of Trowel . '' In this letter he understood they declared they would be in no want of timber for the following year.—His next motion was `` For an account shewing the lowest 149 meetings , and size of oak timber , allowed to be received into his majesty 's dock-yards , on the established contracts since 1776 , and the lowest meetings , and size of timber which is applicable to the building of frigates and sloops of war . '' This would shew the shameful prodigality which had taken place in the employment of