for by the right hon . gent. ? Did the right hon . gent . on that occasion plead Magna Charta in support of his arguments , when he gave the most decided resistance to the admission of a clause moved by him ( Mr. Sheridan ) , for the protection of persons aginst the extortion of answers tending to their own crimination ? Did the right hon , gent . forget that the identical Mr. Trotter , of whose rights he was now so jealous , was , under the former bill , compelled to answer interrogatories similar to those which he had refused answering to the commissioners of naval enquiry ? which circumstance is alluded to in the appendix to the tenth report . So far , however , from agreeing with the unqualified censures thrown by the right hon . gent . upon the commissioners of naval enquiry , he thought the house was bound to them by every sentiment of the most unlimited gratitude ; and when he should have the honour of calling for the expression of that gratitude , by a motion of thanks , he should frame his motion , so as either to make it impossible for the right hon . gent . to dissent from him , or compel him to shew some reasonable cause for his dissent . He agreed with the right hon . and learned gent . that there was no very great likelihood of frequent or confidential intercourse between his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , and , the right hon . gent . who introduced the original motion . If , however , the right hon . gent . wished to have any suggestion as to the amendments which were deemed necessary in the bill , as by courtesy of the house he had the nomination of the committee to prepare and bring it in , perhaps he would act wisely in nominating on that committee his hon . friend . and some of those near him . perfectly coincided with the motives . of his right hon . friend , in opposing the amendment ; though he had been a 492 decided friend to enquiries , of this kind , ever since be had the honour of a seat in parliament— [ a laugh ] . Gentlemen might laugh if they pleased , but he would boldly look them in the face , and say , without fear of refutation , that there was not amongst them one who was more disposed than he had ever been to the strietest economy in every branch of the public expenditure . He well remembered the bill alluded to , and how warmly it was opposed , as well by an hon . member unfortunately no more , as by the last and preceding hon . members who spoke , but who were this night such strenuous advocates for opposite principles . It was felt on that occasion , that it would be necessary to examine many public officers long in the habit of taking large sums of the public money , and who would never be induced to answer interrogatories , if not compelled to it . It was then objected from the other side of the house , that it 'was unconstitutional to force men to answers that would criminate themselves , and expose them to prosecutions , and that a particular clause was necessary to guard against such consequences ; but the introduction of such a clause was resisted by his right hon . friend , upon the ground that the law of the land gave ample protection in such cases , and rendered such a clause wholly needless . supported the amendment , because it was obvious , from the complaints of the naval commissioners , that their powers were defective , and their enquiries , therefore , in many instances , inefficient ; but this defect might not arise from any imperfection in the act itself , or in its construction by the commissioners , If , upon due investigation in the proper stage of discussing the bill , an amendment