, and on the 22d he wrote to the admiralty . The documents were in the regular form of documents from one board to another , and numbered from 1 to 10 , being letters from the secretary of state , and from the earl St. Vincent , and if the secretary of the admiralty did not produce them with the proper titles , it was not his fault . The reading the papers would not take up ten minutes , he should therefore vote for the motion . should not have risen , if it had not been for a personal allusion to himself . Previous to the motion which had teen observed upon , he had presented a petition from Mr , Tucker explaining the natured his grievance and the motion . 466 The papers were then read by the clerk , and are as follows : `` Copy of a letter from the comptroller of the navy to the lords commissioners of the admiralty , dated the 22d of April 1805 , on the subject of the evidence printed in the eleventh report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry : —together with copies of sundry papers therein referred to . Navy office , 22d April 1805.—My lords , having read the eleventh report of the commissioners of naval enquiry ; and thinking the evidence given by the earl of St. Vincent as stated in the appendix to that report , was incorrect , and likely to lead the public into an opinion prejudicial to my official character , that I kept his lordship in ignorance of material transactions in my office . I was desirous of being again examined , and for that purpose I wrote to the commissioners the following letter on the 1st April ; `` gentlemen , having read your eleventh report to the house of commons , and observing from the concluding part of the appendix to that report , that the earl St. Vincent declared before you , that he had no knowledge of the transaction therein alluded to , in respect to which , the sums of money therein mentioned were severally issued ; I beg leave to be again examined before you upon that subject , in order that the testimony I propose to give , may be made a supplementary report . I have in my possession such proofs as will convince that his lordship was acquainted with those transactions ; these proofs in justice to myself , I desire that I may be allowed to lay before you . `` —I attended with the letter myself on the day it bears date , and having delivered it , I retired into the next room to wait their pleasure upon the subject of it ; after waiting a short time , I was informed that they would send me an answer , and I received in consequence , the following answer , dated the 17th instant . `` Sir , we have received your letter of the 1st instant , respecting the evidence given by the earl of St. Vincent , entered in the appendix to our eleventh report ; and proposing to us to re-examine the matters to which that evidence relates . We have very lately had occasion to decline resuming an enquiry after having submitted our report upon the subject of it to the three branches of the legislature ; and we do not any thing in the circumstances commu- 467 nicated by you , which requires us to adopt a different line of conduct . `` —Feeling much disappointed at not having the opportunity of giving the explanation which I wished to the commissioners , and being desirous that your lordships should not remain in ignorance on this subject , I take the liberty of submitting to your lordships the following statement and declaration , which I should at any time be ready to verify upon my oath before the commissioners , or in any other manner in which it might be thought desirable that I should swear to it . I have the honour to be , my lords , & c. & c.