justice to their cause , and because they thought I would do my utmost to be instrumental in bringing it to a successful issue . Is it to be said , because we are not sanguine in our hoped of success , that therefore we ought not to promote enquiry and investigation upon any subject ? Is no man to be justified in moving a question of public concern and importance , merely because he does not conceive it will be carried ? I beg leave to say , that I am decidedly of a different opinion . I think the house will judge as members of a British parliament ought to judge , that it is their duty to pursue a question of this kind in spite of every temporary obstacle . I am of opinion , that whatever may be , or may have been in another place , the decision upon this question , the discussion will be productive of the greatest good to the country . The complete refutation of the number of false facts which have been advanced , must , and will be attended with the best effects . I am confident that the arguments we have heard , whatever effect they may have upon this house , will have their due weight with the public , and that every man of common sense will see on which side the weight of the argument lies . I am confident , upon another ground of policy , expediency , and justice , that this discussion will be productive of the utmost benefit , because 1051 I am convinced , that if I had refused to present the petition of the catholics , and the impression had gone over to Ireland , that there was not a member to be found in the British house of commons willing to present their petition , it would have produced a state of despondency and despair in the mind of the people of that country , which would have been fatal to the best interests of the whole empire . They would rightly , but fatally , as to the probable consequences , have judged that there was not only no party , but no individual in England , to whom they could look up with a confident hope of redress . Is it , can it be necessary for me to state to this enlightened house , that a more fatal event can not happen , or is more to be deprecated , than that three-fourths of the population of Ireland should be justified in the dreadful reflection , that there is not a man in England who sympathises with their sufferings , or who is inclined to exert himself in order to obtain the redress of them ? Although such a reflection may be turned to the extreme disadvantage of the empire , I do trust that the people of Ireland will not reason in this manner . I hope they will not say , `` we have no friends in England , and therefore we must look elsewhere . '' Yet the time has been , when such an inference might have been stated with more probability than perhaps at rhe present moment . It has been said , `` let us finish the question for ever . '' When , I would ask , was it known that such a question could be finished for ever ? `` Man and for ever ! '' history shews us , that the most visionary notion ever entertained never went the length of implying that a question of this nature could be finished for ever . Will not the catholics look back to the parliament of their own country—refer to the period of the year 1791 ? That was a period when no member of parliament could be found to present a petition in their favour . In the year 1792 , their petition was presented , and it was rejected by a very large majority ; the minority consisting , as nearly as I can recollect , of no more than fourteen or fifteen members . It