do essential benefit ; and , lastly , that have a plan to establish , for that you mean to take away . Now , what are the reasons assigned for this measure ? —that it will tend to the settlement and tranquillity of Ireland . Serious as I consider many other parts of the subject , if I thought it would have that effect , I would enter into a consideration of it : but it is because I am if a diametrically opposite opinion ; because I am convinced that , at this period , it would plunge that country into confusion , I am decidedly against it . I should be glad to ask , if it is likely to tend to the tranquillity of a country composed of two descriptions of inhabitants , the one possessed of the property and the magistracy , few in number , contending and protecting themselves against the more numerous class , to open every situation as a scene of contest ? I consider the first operation of this measure to be , to make this country a scene of confusion , corruption , and riot , not only for parliament , but for magistracy , and situations in all the towns , as described by Lucan , Lethe lisque ambitus urbis Annua venali referens certainina campo . The priest at the head of his flock , leading them to every outrage , and religious bigotry carried to the utmost extent . The power of the protestant landlords would have no effect against a religious combination—Next , what are the causes of the discontents in Ireland ? high rents , heavy taxes , tithes , the property possessed by persons speaking a different language , of different manners and habits from the peasantry , a double clergy , the protestant clergy in affluence , the catholic in poverty . May i ask , which of the grievances will this act touch ? will it lower rents or taxes ? will it alter the state of property ? will it teach the landlords Irish , or the peasants English ? will it lower tithes ? will it make the protestant clergy low , and raise the catholic priest ? perhaps it may , and here is the difficulty . If this operates lightly and gently , as possibly it may , it would not affect the mass of the country ; if it operates to affect the mass , it may operate to an extent that may be fatal to the British connexion . I have long entertained an opinion , that the discontents of Ireland have arisen from other causes , and not from religious disabilities . Let us examine history ; i shall not go into the discarded code , except to ask if so much was 790 said upon it for the sake of tranquillity ? First , I look to the year 1782 ; then all the grievances of the nation were brought forth by the patriots of that period , various , — simple repeal , independent parliament , free trade ; not a word of religious grievances . I proceed to 1789 ; grievances enough , wrongs enough of a noble marquis , wrongs that will never be forgiven by those who wished to risk the separation of the countries for the sake of party , nor forgotten by those who know that , by his ability and firmness , he preserved that kingdom to his sovereign , and the connexion between the countries . The parties in parliament , and the Whig Club , stating all the grievances ; not a word of religious grievances . It is to be believed , that the great patriots of the day should not have mentioned religious grievances , if any such oppressed the people ? I proceed farther to the year 1791 ; relaxation was given to the catholics in England ; the Irish catholics naturally applied ; what happened ? the Irish house of commons would not grant the claims ; no— they threw the petition off the table , twenty-three only objecting.—Now i argue not