years , instead of for life . Many military characters of the first estimation thought it would be attended with consequences highly injurious to the service . They also thought it impracticable during war . He did not now argue the point , but merely mentioned it , as a matter of great and serious difficulty at any time , and so doubtful in policy , that he should feel himself under the necessity of opposing such a measure whenever brought forward . No analogy could be drawn from the practice of foreign countries ; none of them were under circumstances similar to this . said , that as to its being a measure which could not be adopted in time of war , nothing was more easy than to include in it a provision that none of the men should be discharged during war ; and indeed this very thing was done in one of the bills brought in last war by the right hon . gent . himself ; but that was of little importance , for the right hon . gent . had no respect for his own bills . observed , that in the clause he had offered , he copied the very words to be found in one of the bills of the chancellor of the exchequer last war ; but , however , he should follow the advice of his hon . friend , and withdraw the clause . proposed a clause , subjecting every person , who shall unfairly enlist any man out of the militia , to a penalty of 20l . or in default of payment , to imprisonment , not exceeding three months , nor less than six weeks . opposed it on the ground that it might give birth to hardships upon serjeants , and other recruiting officers , for having offered money to a man in a public house , & c. which 142 would be injurious to the service , and no advantage to the public . Government would take care , that as few abuses as possible should take place in the practice of enlisting . thought there ought to be some security against the recruiting serjeants tampering with men . said , the best security against that was , that both the labour and the money would be lost , if any thing of that nature took place , because unless he was fairly enlisted , he could never be attested . said , that without such a clause as this in the act of parliament , there could be no security whatever against mal-practices in this respect . They could not depend on the orders of the executive government in such cases.—The militia ought to be protected against that most dangerous animal , a recruiting serjeant . expressed an intention to offer a material amendment in the bill in another , stage.—The committee went through the bill , and the house being resumed , the report was received immediately , and was ordered to be taken into further consideration to-morrow , and the bill with the amendments , was ordered to be printed.—Adjourned . The order being read for their lordships going into a committee on the bill , to repeal so much of the act of the 9th of Geo . II . as went to restrain colleges in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing the advowson of livings ; rose to oppose the proceedings . He thought adequate reasons should be given to induce the legislature to depart from a regulation which the wisdom of their ancestors thought a salutary provision . Their lordships would recollect that the act which the present bill went to repeal , in one of its most important provisions , took place principally at the instance of that great and good magistrate and minister , lord Hardwicke . If the measure was a wise and salutary provision then , why , he would ask , was it now unwise and injurious ? contended generally for the injurious tendency of the restraint , under the circumstances in which 143 the members of the universities now stood