the two last lines . explained also , observing , that he did not mean to say the whole of the paragraph to which he objected when he saw the petition was in it now ; but part of that paragraph was retained , and to that part he objected . observed , that when he first called the attention of the house to this matter , and submitted the propriety of passing it over rather than prosecute the author , he did not so much as know the name of that gentleman . He was still unacquainted with him . He gave his opinion freely , and he was upon reflection confirmed in the propriety of that opinion . He thought the house ought not to consume 560 more time on this occasion , but to proceed to other important business which remained to be heard . said he had no wish to procrastinate this debate , but he could not help taking notice of what had been said by some gentlemen to-night of the necessity of the house availing itself of the power of punishing its accuser , and insisting that the petition ought to be withdrawn , and that the petitioner should present another . He was astonished at a good deal of what he had heard on this occasion . He thought that this power of the house ought to be reserved till great occasions called for it , where the offence to the house was serious and deliberate , and not as in this case the effect of haste and mere inadvertence . He had observed some gentlemen very forward in calling themselves the advocates of the liberty of the press , but in their actions they had added to the restraint of it . He alluded to the case of Mr. Reeves , when a certain publication of his had been charged to be a libel upon the constitution of the country , and it was referred to the consideration of a committee of the house of commons ; that committee examined a great deal of evidence on the subject , and admitted much under the head of evidence which a court of justice would not have received ; and afterwards the hon . gent . made a motion for punishing the author by the authority of the house itself—thus blending two characters , which ought to be united as seldom as possible , that of accuser and judge . Not that he meant that such a thing should never take place , for there might be circumstances in which even that would be unavoidable , but he was sure it ought to be rarely done . This author , however , was sent with his book to a court of justice , where he was tried and acquitted by a jury of his country , and the hon . gent . opposite to him , who had so repeatedly boasted of his attachment to the trial by jury as well as the liberty of the press , had quoted this case on a former night , as a reason for not sending such cases to be tried by jury . With none of these principles did he agree . He was so far from thinking that the power the house possessed of being both accuser and judge was a reason why they should themselves punish any one who offended it , that he thought it a reason of itself why the house should be extremely tender of adopting that course . Gentlemen had opposed the bringing of this petitioner to the bar on this occasion , and had been pleased to say that he should 561 be at liberty to present another petition . This , he confessed , appeared to him to spewing very indifferent attachment to one of the best principles of our constitution , perfect and tender regard to that sacred right of the subject on which the redress o the so materially depended , he mean the right of petitioning . He knew of no constitution principle by which that house should reject any petition which was not worded