be a bishop , and yet it follows not of necessity that he is bishop of a diocese . The two powers , that of order and that of jurisdiction , are quite distinct , and of distinct origin . The power of order is properly a capacity of exercising the power of jurisdiction conferred by a competent authority . And this power of order is conveyed through the hierarchy itself , and no other authority but that of the hierarchy can give it . The only competent authority to give the power of episcopal jurisdiction , in this kingdom , is the crown . It is true , that , in this part of the united kingdom , that power may seem in some degree to flow from the hierarchy ; because we have the form of an election of a person to be a bishop of a vacant see , by the clergy of the cathedral . But this is a mere form—the chapter can not proceed to elect , without the king 's licence . The king 's licence to elect , is always accompanied with his majesty 's letter missive , recommending a fit person to their choice ; and it always to falls out , that the chapter agree with the king in their opinion of the fitness of the person . In substance , therefore , the collation of the diocesan jurisdiction is from the crown . In Ireland , the collation of the power of jurisdiction is , both in form and in substance , from the crown solely ; for the prelates of that part of the kingdom are appointed to their respective sees without any congé d élire , or any form of an election by letters patent under the great seal . In neither part therefore of this kingdom can there be any legitimate power of jurisdiction , but what is conferred by the crown ; and the claim of such a power , independent of the crown , is a most outrageous violation of the very first principles of our ancient constitu- 801 tion.—But , my lords , unwarrantable as this claim of the Roman catholic prelates in Ireland appears to be , I am still more alarmed by the manner , in which , as we have been informed by the noble and learned lord , they exercise , their spiritual authority . When the noble and learned lord entered upon this topic , with a remark , that we here in England have no idea what excommunication is in Ireland—that it is really a dreadful thing—and seemed to make this the ground of some charge he had to bring against the Roman catholic clergy of Ireland ; my mind , I confess , was all puzzle and amazement . I could not imagine , what this might be ; and surmises arose the very contrary of that which I now understand to be the case . Excommunication in Ireland a dreadful thing ! why , I said to myself , to a christian , to one who really believes , how should excommunication , in the true meaning of the word , in Ireland , or any where else , not be a dreadful thing ? Excommunication , in the true meaning of the word , is the separation of a christian , leading a disorderly life , disgracing his profession , from the christian congregation ; a banishment of him from the church . And this separation every christian must consider as a state of great danger and peril : for as the promises of the Gospel are all made to the church in its corporate capacity , and extend to the individual only as a member of that elect society , ( none but fanatics hold the contrary , ) to be severed from that society , is to be excluded from all share in the blessings and promises of christianity . This is excommunication , and this is certainly a dreadful thing . Excommunication , as it is practised here in England , I know very well in itself is no dreadful thing .