majesty 's august house , the king is as much bound to be a member of the church of England as established by law , to the exclusion of all other protestant churches , as he is forbidden to hold communion with the see or church of Rome . The consequences therefore , which follow from those fundamental laws of the state must operate equally 971 against one description of dissenters as against another , against protestant and papist alike . My right hon . and learned friend must push his argument of proscription to the same length against both ( and he has not attempted it ; he could not attempt it ) , or the argument is good for nothing against either.—As an authority of the greatest weight in support of his position , my right hon . and learned friend has had recourse to a celebrated work of an illustrious friend of mine , now no more ; whose memory will ever be cherished next my heart ; whose virtues as well as talents will ever live in my fondest regard and most reverential admiration ; a political philosopher , no less enlightened than eloquent , as my right hon . and learned friend has truly described him ; a statesman , whose loss his country has every day more and more reason to deplore , as a public calamity . In these feelings I know that my right hon . and learned friend fully participates . He assents to the observation . I would , sir , that I could have had the gratification of tracing what he now avows , in the use , which he has just made , of the beautiful passage extracted from `` The Reflexions on the French Revolution . '' For how is it applied in the context , where it stands ? In any I way , that bears upon the present question ? No , sir ; not in the most remote degree . It merely asserts the close and intimate connexion of a religious national establishment with the civil constitution of the state , in the system of polity derived to us from our ancestors ; holding up the example of this country in contrast to the conduct of the demagogues in the national assembly of France , who were systematically plundering , defrauding , vilifying , degrading , and persecuting the ministers of the very religion , Which they at the same time professed to acknowledge as the national church . It has no immediate reference to the peculiar and distinctive character of our religious establishments . But my right hon . and learned friend has violently torn it from its place , to make it the foundation of his objections to the present measure of relief ; a measure Which the great authority himself , to whom he appeals , never ceased from his first entrance into public life to the moment of his death , to recommend and to urge as the surest means of improving and consolidating the prosperity and strength of the empire . Nearly half a volume in the collection of Mr. Burke 's works is occupied with the discussion of the very subject , on which we are how engaged . My right hon . 972 and learned friend must have known this . He is too sincere an admirer and too diligent a reader of the compositions of his deceased friend ( for such he was ) to have overlooked so large a portion of his labours . But in truth , sir , he has only manifested his accustomed judgement and discretion in not directing your attention to that quarter . For there you will find the whole speech of my right hon . and learned friend , anticipated , and will he allow me to say ? triumphantly confuted : there , while it is again admitted to be a fundamental law of the constitution , that the church of England should be united and even identified with it , yet a just and solid distinction is drawn between fundamental laws themselves , and laws of regulation