says the hon . attorney general , `` and they will not then be satisfied ; why then risk any thing unless you are determined to go to the full length of establishing their church and clergy ? '' Perhaps , sir , to grant even this in some degree , might not be unwise ; it certainly would not be inconsistent , since a college has already been endowed for their education : at any rate , I should think that the additional power they would gain by our acceding to their present request , would not afford them the slightest chance of forcing from us what farther we might think it unsafe to grant ; while , in the mean-time , they would assuredly be better satisfied , more amalgamated into the same mass , more disposed cordially to co-operate in every measure for the common defence , in every thing tending to promote the general welfare . In a word , by such a compliance with their wishes , love and gratitude would be substituted for aversion and fear . By introducing some Irish catholics into this house , misconceptions would be mutually removed , asperities would be gradually softened down . We should come to know each other better , and might expect to reap , at a much earlier period , the advantages of a substantial union , intimate and complete—In maintaining this cause , sir , I can not be supposed to be actuated by any predilection for catholics or catholicism as such : I am a protestant dissenter , and possibly at the very farthest distance from them in religious sentiment , both as to discipline and doctrine ; but , firmly persuaded that every man has a right to enjoy and profess his respective opinions , without being therefore subjected either to reproach or disabilities , I undoubtedly must sympathize with them . Beyond this , I 957 trust , that I have for them a more liberal feeling , as for persons much misrepresented and unjustly calumniated . My personal acquaintance among their body has not been extensive , but in those I have known , .never should I have been able to detect their religion by any immorality in their practice beyond the common frailties of man ; and in candour I would desire of their most strenuous adversaries to say , if they have found their catholic acquaintance deficient in the performance of the relative duties , faithless in the daily intercourses of life , men not to be trusted on their words , or even their oaths . Who , sir , will disgrace himself by throwing out such an accusation ? —If then , sir , the objections which have been alleged have no more force than I imagine them to possess ; if the spectres which have been conjured up to affright us have no real existence ; if the petitioners be men of like passions and affections with ourselves ; if refusal will embitter , and compliance will soften and attach their minds ; and if at the present moment it be of peculiar importance to bind to us by every tie so large a mass of our fellow subjects ; let us endeavour to overcome what may remain of prejudice in ourselves or in others , and , by proceeding to the farther consideration of this most important subject with a temperate and prudent liberality , do our utmost to secure to the empire that union of every hand and every heart , on which our quiet , our prosperity , and perhaps our very existence may depend . —The question now under consideration appears , sir , to me , to be the gravest and most important that ever was debated within the walls of parliament . It naturally arises out of the act of union , and should have been maturely considered before that measure was adopted . I will not assert , that while that plan was in agitation , this concession to the catholics was expressly stipulated ; but I never heard it denied , that there was at least