even if the law was not followed up , that his wife , children , relatives , and dependants , would be reduced to a state of misery . Such an accumulation of distress was of itself punishment enough ; but justice and the law must have their victim . He therefore , in the name of minor delinquents , in the name of the public , in the name of the representative body of England , and in the name of the former vote of the house , called for that which was but bare simple justice on lord Melville . He deprecated the injury the character of the parliament of 1805 would sustain , if , after the detection of lord Melville 's guilt , it should appear that parliament had stopped in its punishment , and that he had been suffered to remain a privy counsellor , particularly after the proofs against him had been so complete ; when instead of any denial of the charge by lord Melville , habemus confitentem reum , he had given evidence against himself . He proceeded to infer the odium it would cast on the ministers of the day if it should appear they had endeavoured to protect such a delinquent . He highly censured that advice which had dictated the answer of his majesty . to the sheriff of London , when they waited upon his majesty with the address of the common council . After a few further observation , he moved , that his majesty 's answer should be taken into consideration ; observing , that he meant afterwards to move an address to his majesty , praying him to order the name of lord Melville to be erased from the privy council , and to dismiss him I from his presence for ever . —Before , sir , the motion is put from the chair , I think it necessary for me to make a very few observations , which appear to me of such a nature as will supersede the necessity of agitating the question at greater length , on the present occasion . When I interrupted the hon . gent . it was for the purpose of saying , that I had a communication to make to the house , which might probably render his motion unnecessary ; that communication is , sir , that the object which the hon . gent . has in view , is already accomplished . I have felt it my duty to advise the erasure pt lord Melville 's name from the list of his 604 majesty 's privy counsellors , his majesty has acceded to this advice , and that erasure will , on the first day that a council is held , take place . Having said thus much , I shall , with the permission of the House , say a few words on the circumstances under which I formerly resisted this proposition , and those under which I have felt myself bound to yield to it . The hon . gent . has thought proper to allude to the discussion which took place on the day previous to the recess ; and he says , that on that occasion , I declared that nothing then appeared to me which called for my advising his majesty to erase the name of lord Melville from the list of privy counsellors . I believe , sir , it is in the recollection of the house , that a motion similar to that now brought forward , was produced by the hon . gent . on the day to which he has alluded . On that occasion I did state that the motion appeared to me altogether unnecessary , since lord Melville had resigned his official situation , and all prospect or hope of his return to office was extinct , as long as the resolutions of the 8th of April remained in full force . Unless the house varied their decision , that determination was an insuperable bar to the noble lord 's return to power . At that time it did not appear to me to