home . In the instructions to marquis Wellesley his lordship was directed not to pursue policy to a war ; and as the Peshwa was driven from his ; country , that was the most likely moment to conclude a general peace in India . The hon . gent . had mentioned the treaty of Bassein , as act of aggression ; but he did not shew on What grounds it was so . The native princes , so far from remonstrating against it , fully acquiesced in the terms , and as far as general intentions would go , marquis Wellesley took up the principle not to force-that treaty upon the power of that prince ; had marquis Wellesley acted in any other manner , he would have abandoned the interest of his employers and , throughout the whole , there was a sincere disposition upon his part to accomplish his purpose without war , and he managed it in such a way as to give the benefit of the Mahratta connection to this country ; this view he had taken of it in all his pacific negociations.—The more extended question of arrangement therefore was , whether we were involved in war upon just and fair grounds ? That the Near was successful , more than even the councils of this country would allow , was certain . His lordship trusted , that the hon . gent . would not expect him to go more into the question : under the present existing circumstances , his lordship thought he should not be justifiable in doing so ; it , however , appeared clearly , that the subject matter in question could be traced to the general policy of France , to shake our power in India . His lordship observed , that he had omitted to make one observation respecting the war with Holkar in its proper place : the hon . gent . he said , had not justified his impeachment of that war , it was not the materials furnished , but the bostile intentions of Holkar which produced it ; and there was nothing whatever censurable in the governor general 's conduct ; and there was reason to anticipate the supposition that the war was commenced on just grounds . His lordship admitted the governor-general should have 240 transmitted documents upon this subject , in order to see the grounds and origin of the commencement of hostilities , but this was easily accounted for from the short period which has since elapsed . In conclusion , his lordship said , that the , hon . .gent . had not made any case which could induce parliament to come to any decision upon the subject . If he had stated the particular point on which he meant to rely ; if he had brought forward his propositions before the house one by one , and not in an accumulated mass of general matter and general censure , the house would then have been able to come to some certain decision upon the question : but , he conceived the hon . gent . had discharged himself but ill in this business ; he considered it a mere personal motion , for the satisfaction of the hon . gent . 's own mind , and could only be brought forward for the purpose of general censure . For these reasons he should think himself justified in moving `` that the other orders of the day be now read . admitted , that there had been a line of policy marked out for India by act of Parliament which ought to he adhered to . If it had not been adhered to , he would certainly ageee with the motion of his hon . friend . But in his opinion the principle had never been lost sight of . If his hon . friend had attacked the character of the governor-general , he would have strongly objected to that part of his motion particularly , but he had disclaimed any thing of that sort . His hon . friend had begun with our establishment in India , its origin