it his duty to bring forward this motion , that he was therefore divested of the liberty of speech , or that he was to be held out to the odium of that house or the country , because he had thought proper to animadvert upon the conduct of the naval commissioners . He certainly did think that those commissioners had in certain instances executed their powers in a very unbecoming manner . But still he was ready to say that their services were productive of public utility , and in consequence of that opinion he brought forward the motion before the house . With regard to the new provisions recommended by the hon . gent. , he did not conceive that 487 there were grounds for their adoption . They were at all events of such a nature as to require much deliberation , and therefore he should oppose their introduction into the original frame of the bill . If , however , they should appear upon future consideration to he necessary , it would be competent to the hon . gent . to propose them in a future stage , when there would be a better opportunity for discussing them , than on the present occasion ; namely , in the shape of a motion for an instruction to the committee to receive such clause . Into the merits of these amendments he would for the present decline to enter at any length . But as to the last point respecting the 5th clause of the act as it stood , he would say , that it would appear to him a breach of common equity , and a most dangerous innovation upon the old constitutional practice , to oblige a man to criminate himself . It was such a proposition as he trusted the house would feel to be at least deserving of too much serious consideration , at once to give a sort of opinion by the adoption of the honourable gentleman 's motion that such an amendment was necessary . entirely concurred with his hon . friend in thinking the insinuation thrown out against the naval commissioners by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , a most extraordinary circumstance indeed , particularly when the time at which the right hon . gent . expressed his disapprobation was taken into view . If the ground of this disapprobation was of a serious and important nature , it was highly inconsistent in him to bring forward the motion before the house . For if the commissioners were deserving of such censure , how could the right hon . gent . reconcile it with a just sense of public duty , to propose the continuance of their power ? But if , on the contrary , the grounds of the right hon . gent . 's disapprobation were of a trifling or comparatively unimportant nature , how strange was the opportunity chosen for declaring , it ! There was something peculiarly remarkable in the conduct of the right hon . gent . respecting this commission . At such a time , what could he mean by alluding to trivial errors— Just hint a fault and hesitate dislike , Anxious to wound , and yet afraid to strike . Those two lines appeared to be quite appropriate to express the disposition of the right hon . gent. , they seemed to be made for him . With respect to the proposition 488 of his hon . friend , gentlemen would consider that the adoption of it would not go to bind the house to any subsidiary amendments that might be hereafter submitted . He merely proposed that as an amendment was obviously necessary in this act , that the original title of the bill should correspond with the desired object . If the amendments recommended by his hon . friend were calculated to entrench on the great and fundamental principles of common law , he would not , from any degree of regard or gratitude to the commissioners of naval enquiry , and no man respected them more than he did , be induced