to , with a view to show that this , as well as any other general principle , may be liable to error . I Will not detain the house long upon this point ; but it is necessary I should call its attention to a topic , which may be considered more an object of theory than any thing else . I shall trouble the house tint shortly , and only explain my opinion , that , whatever difference of sentiment and feeling may exist , that difference is purely theoretical—the question , in point of practical application , is precisely the same . What some call rights , and what others call indulgences , are precisely and exactly the same . The differences are rather differences between words than things.— There are two modes of considering this question ; 1st , as it regards the rights of the subject and 2dly , as it affects the rights of the right of crown . That which was most in fashion at different periods of the last century , was the latter mode of viewing it . For my own part , I do consider the rights of the people 836 * governed to be the prominent rights . I consider , that those who compose the society of a state have a complete and unquestionable right to equality of law ; but I do at the same time admit , that this principle is not to be taken generally . I admit the force of the other general maxim , that salus populi suprema est lex , and ought with propriety to be considered as an exception , Not only very able men , but men of practical knowledge , have in their closets considered it in that light . A most respectable modern writer of our own country , now living , ( Dr. Paley ) has stated , that the general right of government is to do whatever may be necessary for the advantage of the people : but he , and every man of sense , will tell you , that although this is undoubtedly the general right , yet whenever it is exercised by restrictions with regard to one class of the people , such exercise becomes ail abuse ; or , in other words , the people have a right not to he restricted in any thing that is not adverse to the safety of the country . The people have a right to be exempted generally from unequal restriction ; but when the safety of the country demands it , and history shows us that such instances are numerous , they are exceptions to the rule , and have always been so considered.—In the way in which different persons consider this subject , a difference of opinion has been produced , but the conclusion is the same . Some say they would give the catholics what they require , as a matter of favour , and a matter of policy ; but not as a matter of right . Now , I say , I would give it to them as a matter of right : but we , however , shall not differ , if the practical consequence of our reasoning come to the same thing . I would give it as a right , because it is the general right of the people , and because there is no exception which ought to operate against the catholics of Ireland . Though government has a right to impose restrictions ; yet , if there be no necessity for them , then comes the right of the people to enjoy the benefit of every law , provided such enjoyment is not mischievous in its consequences to the country . It was therefore , sir , I wished to say these few words , because it is so important a part of the subject , and one which , from the nature of it , can not be a question to-day , but may recur and become a question for future consideration . I should wish that all should understand each other , and