F. B. including therein the votes of the before-mentioned 10 persons who had no right whatever to vote at the said election , and whose titles to vote were examined into , and to whom the freeholder 's oath and the bribery oath were administered , and whose votes were placed upon and added to the poll after 3 o'clock on the 15th day of the said election ; and that the said sheriff did admit on the poll for the petitioner 2832 votes , thereby giving to the said sir F. B. an apparent and colourable majority of one vote on the poll over the petitioner ; by means whereof the said sir F. B. is now wrongfully returned to serve in this present parliament as a knight of the shire for the said county of Middlesex , whereas the petitioner had and hath on the said poll a large majority of legal votes of the real freeholders of the said county over the said sir F. B. and was therefore duly elected a knight of the shire to represent the said county of Middlesex in this present parliament , and ought to have been returned , and ought now to be declared duly elected instead of the said sir F. B. and the return of sir F. B. ordered to be accordingly amended and altered ; and the peti- 5 tioners further state , that the said sir F. B. by himself , his agents , friends , managers , partizans , and others on his behalf , previous to and at the said election , was guilty of gross and notorious bribery and corruption : and that at and during the said election , and previous thereto , the said sir F. B. by himself , his agents , friends , managers , partizans , and others on his behalf , by gifts and rewards , and promises , agreements , and securities for gifts and rewards , did corrupt and procure divers persons , as well those who were qualified to vote as those who claimed or pretended to have a right to vote at the said election , in their own names , or in the names of others , or for the freeholds of others , to give their votes for him the said sir F. B. ; and did also by gifts and rewards , and promises , agreements , and securities for gifts and rewards , corrupt and procure divers other persons , being qualified to vote at the said election , to refuse and forbear to give their votes at the same for the petitioner , contrary to the law and custom of parliament , and the laws and statutes of the realm enacted for the prevention of bribery and corruption ; and the petitioners further state , that the said sir F. B. by himself , his agents , friends , managers , partizans , and others on his behalf and at his charge , after the teste of the writ for the said election , and at and during the said election , and before the election of the said sir F. B. to serve in parliament for the said county of Middlesex , did give , present , and allow to divers persons who had votes , or claimed or pretended to have right to vote at such election , money , meat , drink , entertainment , and provision , and make presents , gifts , rewards , and entertainments , and make promises , agreements , obligations , and engagements to give and allow money , meat , drink , provision , presents , rewards , and entertainments , to and for such persons having or claiming or pretending to have right to vote in the said election , and to and for the use , advantage , benefit , emolument , profit , and preferment of such person and persons , in order to his the said sir F . B . 's being elected , and that the said sir F. B. might be elected to serve in this present parliament for the said