was any particular religious bigotry that led to the restrictions with regard to the catholics . As far as one can learn of the character of Queen Elizabeth , her faith was not so repugnant to the catholic religion as that of many protestant ministers , who were principally concerned in the restrictions . She managed the question with a degree of prudence which proved her one of the most consummate princes of the age . She seemed to be engaged in a general war with several great catholic powers , and particularly with the King of Spain . From the connexion which the King of Spain had with catholics by the league with France , she was necessarily involved in disputes with France , as well as other powers of the continent ; therefore they were political circumstances which occasioned those harsh and severe laws against the catholics which passed in her reign . Whatever other pretences might have been resorted to , it is plain the catholics were not considered as the loyal subjects of Queen Elizabeth . But I am speaking of old times , and the circumstances them do not relate to the present . Even in the reigns that followed , very few restrictions by penal law were enacted , very restrictions of disabilities took place till a much later period . This may be accounted for from the circumstance that there was no suspicion of the catholics ; but afterwards , in the time of the Stuarts , and Charles I and II , suspicions had taken possession of the minds of people of this country , which made those restrictions necessary , many of which have been done away , and 839 * some are now under consideration . When we come to the revolution , it is impossible not to see that all the laws of the Catholics were political laws . It was not a catholic , but a Jacobite , you wished to restrain . When King James was driven from the country ; when his enormous tyranny became so mixed with bigotry , that many persons professed to be able to unravel his conduct , and tell what to attribute to religion , what to bigotry , and what to tyranny , it was easy to suppose that the catholics should be actuated by an attachment for a king who had lost his throne in consequence of his partiality for their faith . Ireland at this time was the seat of civil war . Undoubtedly it was natural , after that war was settled by conquest , to prevent the conquered from enjoying the privileges of the conquerors . It was not against the religious faith of those who adored the Virgin Mary , or believed in the doctrine transubstantiation.—King William was unquestionably a great man ; I may say the greatest that ever filled the throne of this or any other country ; but whoever would wish to raise his character , by representing him as a persecutor of heresy and idolatry , materially mistake the character of that prince . I am persuaded , that be most reluctantly consented to harsh measures against the catholics of Ireland , and only did so , because it was represented to him by his ministers , that they Were absolutely necessary . That King William would have acted wiser , if he had made those restrictions less harsh , it is not now our business to consider . King William , in conceding his own to the opinion of others , acquiesced , on the ground of the difference of opinion among the Roman catholics as to the right of succession to the crown , and in conformity to that advice which his ministers gave him . The years that followed the revolution were most of them years of war ; and those that were not years of war , were , with reference to the catholics , years of a suspicious nature . Endeavours were made to bring about a religious war , in which it was impossible for the enemy not to have looked with confidence to the