mob , and the indigent part of the population of a state ( as the romanists of Ireland ) , ought not to be gratified at the expense of the ruin of the loyal , opulent , and respectable part of the state . If the contrary conduct shall be pursued , agrarian laws and the system of equality must be adopted in every state ; because the indigent in every state compose the bulk of the population , and are desirous of degrading and plundering the great and rich in every state , as well as in Ireland.—To sum up the arguments against this measure , the laws enjoining the taking the oath of supremacy are not restrictive nor exclusive laws , in respect to any class of people in the community except to traitors , because it is merely an oath of allegiance to the state . No subject , refusing it , should be admitted to the functions of a legislator , or or to any place of trust and power in the state . To use the words of a great minister of state , ( Mr , Pitt ) in debate in 1790 , on-the attempt to repeal the test and corporation acts , `` persons professing modes of belief which endanger the welfare of the society of which they are members , should be excluded from possessing the authority of the state ; and here such line of exclusion should be drawn . '' The romanists in the British empire ( but particularly in Ireland ) enjoy a complete toleration and liberty of conscience . To use the . words of the same great minister again on the same occasion ; `` Toleration consists in a free exercise of religion according to the tenets of the professors of that religion , and in the enjoyment of the protection of the laws ; not in a communication of an equality of political power . '' And in combating the arguments made use of on that occasion he used the ; e following expressions : `` even papists , acknowledging the supremacy of a foreign ecclesiastical prince , must , by such arguments , be admitted to offices of power and trust . '' Indeed every argument he made use of that occasion , can be used with signal strength and effect against the present measure—The present measure , if 917 adopted , would directly lead to the subversion of the constitution in church and state , and let in an universal deluge of atheism , infidelity , democracy , and anarchy . The repeal of the laws enjoining the taking the oath of supremacy , will be a constructive admission of the justice of the claim of the supremacy of the pope.—The adoption of this measure would be a violation of the conditions of the two unions of England and Scotland , and of two unions of England and Scotland , and of Great-Britain and Ireland , and a notorious breach of the public faith.—The adoption of the measure would tend to a violation of the coronation oath ; it can not therefore be supposed that his majesty will ever agree to it : the tendering a bill to him for the royal assent , to carry this measure into effect , would be an insult to him.—For all reasons I shall give my hearty negative to the motion . rose and spoke as follows : —Sir , in offering to the house my sentiments upon this most important subject , I shall endeavour to avoid the example set me by the learned member who has just sat down . I shall deprecate all animosity on the one side or on the other . As the causes have ceased , I think all animosity arising out of those causes should also cease ; and instead , therefore , of calumniating either party , I rise to defend both . I do not wish to revive in detail the memory of those rebellions to which the learned member has alluded.—The past troubles of Ireland , the rebellion or 1641 , and the wars which followed ,