cause , and of the eminent statesman who advised him on these occasions , I see a deliberate system of wise and generous policy.— Will will now , sir , with your permission , turn to the other main branch of the argument ; it can not detain us long : — I mean , sir , the exclusion of catholics from the principal offices of state . This was early done by the oath of supremacy enacted in the first year of Elizabeth . But do we discover there the slightest vestige of the high and solemn principle , which my right hon . and learned friend supposed to be recognized in it ? Is that oath declared to be required , because in our limited monarchy , almost the whole actual authority of the king , and the `` entire responsibility , may be delegated to his ministers ? '' Alas ! sir , in that statute , justice and mayors ate thought of sufficient importance to be particularized , but not a word is there of the great officers of state : they are huddled among the menial servants of the palace , in the general description of `` persons having the king 's fee or wages . '' The oath , however , at its original formation , was consistent with its professed object . It had a positive as well as a negative clause . It directly asserted the supremacy of the king , as well as as a negative clause . It directly asserted the supremacy of the king , as well as as abjured the supremacy of the pope . It was calculated to exclude the protestant as well as the papist dissenter . But at the settlement of the revolution , in the charter , whence my right hon . and learned friend concludes that all these immediate representatives of majesty as well as all the members of every branch of the legislature ought to be if the same religious persuasion with the sovereign on the throne , this very oath was new-modelled in compliance with the wished of the protestant dissenters , to make it a simple renunciation of obedience to the pope.—You have already seen , sir , how little importance William the IIId attached to this oath , when in the projected settlement of Ireland on the capitulation of Limerick , he would have exempted his catholic subjects from that test . But Providence has preserved to us a much more perfect and authentic monument of the full scope of his benevolent disposition towards them , than any which has yet been named . It is a paper drawn up from the verbal communications of the king himself , revised 976 by lord Somers , and approved by the united wisdom of the great statesmen , who were his colleagues . It was prepared with the view of being laid before the congress of ministers from all the principal courts of Europe assembled at Ryswick , and it is worthy of its authors , worthy of the dignity of the occasion for which it was designed , worthy of being had in remembrance and veneration in all time to come , as containing the best , the clearest , the soundest , the most accurate , the most convincing exposition , that ever has been written , of the fundamental principles of our happy revolution . Other parts of it , if I mistake not , I have formerly brought to the notice of the house ; but my present business is with that only which relates to the subject of this night 's debate . Hear then , sir , the leading maxim , which , in this respect , was the guide of William 's counsels . `` The king ( says he ) has at all times professed , that it was his fixed principle , that men 's consciences ought not to be forced in matters of religion ; but that these ought to be left to God . He has always acted pursuant to this rule ; because he thinks it just in itself