those countries , and of the mass of the people . For what purpose ? To uproot every thing which has been deemed solemnly sanctified and settled ; to unsettle the church , the influence and property of the protestants , and to elevate the members of the Roman catholic persuasion upon the depression of those of the protestant . It is supposed , by some persons , that the length of time Which has elapsed since making the grants of the forfeited estates , imposes insuperable difficulties in the way of Roman catholics establishing their titles ; and that since the relaxing laws of 1778 and 1781 , Roman catholics have acquired so much property under the titles to the forfeited estates , that , in maintaining their own rights , they must defend the titles to the forfeited estates , and that the Roman catholics have solemnly disclaimed all title to the forfeited estates . The repeal of the Irish acts of settlement and explanation , and of the English acts of William III . and Anne , relating to forfeited estates , would annul all the protestant titles founded on them , and expose the possessors to all the hazard , uncertainty , litigation , and expense which might be brought upon them by opposite claims , whether maintained by true or by false evidence . Dispossession and ruin would be the consequence to individuals ; to the public , the result would be unsettling the property and power of the country . he estates of inheritance acquired by Roman catholics since the relaxing laws are as yet inconsiderable . The religious zeal of Roman catholics holding leases under the forfeited titles , would induce them to think that if the inheritances were restored to the families of the ancient proprietors , Roman catholic tenants , assuming the merit of having aided the restitution , might be Sure of having their leases confirmed by landlords of their own persuasion . Thus neither the inheritance nor the derivative interests would protect the protestant titles against the various them . The present laws , aided by a protestant government and protestant constitution , do protect them . Any other protection would be ineffectual . Of what avail would the disclaiming of Roman catholics be if they acquired power to enforce their claims , when they have already , since their supposed disclaimer , though not yet possessed of sufficient power to establish their de- 757 mands , revived their claims to the forfeited estates ? How have their stating specific objects , as exclusive of all others , in various transactions of the year 1792 , prevented unqualified demands in 1794 , and down to the present period ? If the Roman catholics were to obtain restitution of the forfeited estates , the country would be ruined . If they failed as to that their main object , conciliation would not be the result of concession . This country never can , consistently with any principle of policy or common sense , give way to the claim of restitution . That is a great object looked at as the result of power . Separation then of Ireland from Great-Britain would , whilst any expectation was entertained of procuring restitution , be the only means of obtaining an object otherwise unattainable . That expectation must be repressed by a prompt and decided resistance , demonstrating the determination of the state to direct the whole of its force in opposition to the attempt . It has been said that `` the measure , if adopted , would secure the country against future rebellions , conciliate the Roman catholics , and inseparably unite them and the protestants . '' To judge of this reasoning it is necessary to advert to the objects which the rebellion of 1798 , and its off-shoot , that of 1803 , looked at . And here , my lords , I shall briefly take a review of some leading facts , and of the motives which led to the rebellion of 1798 , as they have been disclosed by those who best knew them , the leaders