over Irish Roman catholics is now as great as it ever was , and the government of France guides its direction . The Roman catholic bishops oath is , `` to defend the royalties of St. Peter , and to maintain , promote , and augment the authority of the see of Rome . '' It embraces the supremacy of the pope 's jurisdiction over all spiritual matters , and over all temporal consequences flowing from that spiritual authority , and Calls for unceasing efforts to increase the power of the see of Rome . The Roman catholic bishops are bound to influence all persons who are under their superintendence to assist in fulfilling their oath . The Roman catholics hold that the state can not bind them over to passive obedience in spiritual affairs , and that the sole power of making and interpreting laws respecting spiritual affairs is vested in the pope or their church , consequently ( as they think ) our laws can not bind them , as to temporal matters inseparably connected with spiritual matters.—Their opinion on this subject derives additional weight from their considering Ireland as a fief derived under a grant from the pope . Dr . Troy 's pastoral letter , published only thirteen years ago , strongly supports those positions . It distinctly asserts the pope 's supremacy , even in matters of appeal , treats that of the king as an usurpation , and inveighs not very decorously against the legislature for having declared the king supreme head of the church . In Ireland , the Roman Catholics hold regular ecclesiastical courts , whose decisions are completely enforced by ecclesiastical influence , lay submission , and the all-powerful effect of excommunication , prohibiting all intercourse with persons excommunicated . Their spiritual jurisdiction draws to it temporal power and influence ; it involves dispensations , licenses to marry , legitimacy , and the right of succession , as dependent on the validity of marriage ; pre-contract , former Marriage ; affinity and consanguinity , as incapacities ; maintenance and liability to debts as consequences resulting from marriage , divorces as dissolving the bond of marriage , and the validity of wills of personal estate . In all those instances the exercise of spiritual authority , influences temporal rights . The extent of that influence is liable to be greatly increased , as Roman catholic ecclesiastics claim the right of deciding what are spiritual matters within their cognizance , and by an undue exercise of that claim of power , they may greatly extend their influence over temporal 754 objects . Were Roman catholics possessed of temporal power , they must ( acting conformably with the principles of their sect ) use it to legally enforce Roman catholic ecclesiastical decrees ; to give increased importance to their religion ; to depress the protestant religion ; to legalize a foreign supremacy , that of the pope , with all its claimed temporal consequences ; to overthrow the constitutional supremacy of his majesty , with all its now enjoyed temporal consequences ; and to obstruct the execution or procure the repeal of all our laws which relate to spiritual affairs , howsoever extensively affecting temporal rights . It would be highly dangerous to afford the means of futurely weakening in effect that supremacy of the king which is already openly denied in theory . A participation of equal power must take all pre-eminence from the established religion ; in such case how is the king 's supremacy to be maintained ? What is to become of those acts of parliament which render it penal to deny that supremacy ? Is every attempt to invade it to be rendered legal ? Is a right to be conferred of denying it without control , and of obstructing it with impunity , and perhaps success ? The ulterior views of the Irish Roman catholics may be strongly collected from the caution used in framing their oath , in the 13th and 14th of George III . cap . 35. in which they have adopted the expressions , `` the succession of the crown in his majesty 's