it , that there could be no doubt that the public feeling was warmly in their favour , too much so indeed to afford any thing like a gracious reception to the right hon . gent . 's remarks . Those commissioners , in his judgment , and he believed there were very few who really differed from him , had discharged their duty with peculiar moderation and justice . If the right hon . gent . thought that they had in any instance deviated from that duty , or made an improper exercise of the power intrusted to them , it was incumbent on him to have stated it , and not to have dealt in loose insinuation . Persuaded of the merits of this commission , and that where the results of its enquiry were in any case imperfect , that imperfection did not proceed from any want of diligence or capacity on their part , but from a deficiency in the powers with which they were invested , he should move an amendment , the object of which would be to remove that deficiency . The first point upon which he would propose to extend the power of the commissioners , would be to compel public officers to furnish them with accounts or documents in such form as they might think proper to specify . Thus , no treasurer of the navy , or other public officer , or deputy , would be permitted to thwart or delay the proceedings of this meritorious commission . The next amendment he would submit would go to repeal or new-model the 5th clause , which appeared to have been so improperly made use of to prevent the full disclosure of public delinquency , and to protect delinquents . These effects , which were notorious , and which occasioned general regret , must impress the mind of every man who was really anxious for the success of this enquiry , with a strong conviction of the necessity for this amendment . No objection could be made to a further extension of the pow- 486 ers of those commissioners from any apprehension that that power was likely to be abused ; for against such an apprehension the discreet and moderate manner in which they had heretofore acted must afford sufficient security . According to the act , as it now stands , every person had , it seems , a right to decline to answer any question which he chose to think might tend to criminate himself . This afforded such a latitude as was calculated completely to defeat all enquiry , and he would appeal to the learned gent . on the other side ( the attorney general ) , whether any man would be permitted in a court of law to decline answering a question merely upon his own conception that the answer might tend to criminate him . The practice , on the contrary , was , he apprehended , that if a man declined , upon such an allegation , to give an answer , the court was competent to say , that it did not appear likely the answer would produce such an effect , and that therefore the witness must answer . If , however , the answer should tend to criminate the witness , the common law would protect him against the consequences . Now , it was his wish to invest the naval commissioners with a discretion of the same nature as that possessed by the judges—that they should have the power of compelling reluctant witnesses to answer —that such witnesses should be protected by this act , not against the answer , but against the consequences of such answer . With this view the hon . gent . moved an amendment to the motion—that the word `` amend '' should be inserted after the word continued . observed upon the allusions which the hon . gent . had made to what he thought proper to call a slur thrown out by him upon the conduct of the naval commissioners . Surely the hon . gent . could not suppose that because he felt