of those things which lead to atheism , what would be said of it ? Some of the best of men have come from that university . None more so than the right hon . and learned gent ; but I do beg , to use a plain homely phrase , that they will not throw stones whose windows are made of glass I do not advise the high church party to look so narrowly into the history of the catholics , and into all the violence of their decrees , in order to disqualify them from being amalgamated and reconciled to the constitution of this country . It has been said by an hon . and learned gent. , that the Roman catholics wish to overturn the established religion of this country . To this I answer , that there are good subjects of all sects and persuasions , in all countries , who dissenting from the established religion , yet pay obedience to the opin- 1059 ion of the majority . I am surprised it should have been said by an hon . and learned gent. , ( the attorney general ) that if he was a catholic in a country where the protestant church was established , and he had the power , he would exercise it to weaken the established religious government . I have too good an opinion to think so of him . If every man was to conceive himself at liberty , because he differed from the established religion of a country , to attempt to overturn it , the general tendency of such a principle would be to destroy all peace in the world . I do not believe any good catholic would so act ; I am sure no good subject , who loves his country , ought so to act . The question is this . Here are persons who apply to you , not for exclusive privileges , but simply to be placed on a footing with all the other of his majesty 's subjects . It is a claim of justice . If you refuse it , the burthen of proof lies on you , to shew the inconvenience or danger of granting their claim . Nothing of the sort has been proved ; you have argued it only by referring to old times , differing from the present . The question comes to this , whether , in the state in which we are , it can be the conduct of a wise and prudent government to separate from itself so large a proportion of the population of the country as the people of Ireland ? No statesman , no man Who can judge of the affairs of the world , will think so . I should . hope that those who wish well to the country , will support my motion . If it should however unfortunately fail , we shall all have done our duty in arguing the question , with a view to induce those to adopt our opinion , who are at present under a fatal delusion with regard to this momentous subject . I should notice one thing ; it is , that you have raised this question , and not the petition . The petition has nothing of the seeds of turbulence in it . You will , I trust , draw the hopes Of Ireland to this country , make the people of Ireland look to us as their best reliance , and prevent their recurring to any criminal measures.—I should now sit down , but for the observation of an hon . baronet ( sir W. Dolben ) . He says , why should you give all this to the catholics of Ireland , and not grant the same to the catholics of Eng- 1060 land ? In the first place , the catholics of England have not petitioned . I have no doubt as to the propriety of putting the catholics of England on the same footing . I have no doubt they would finally obtain the same privileges . Those who know the .catholics of England ,