respectful to the house ? but , whether it was wise , just , or expedient to comply with the prayer of that petition ? 784 It was said also , that the petition was on behalf of four millions of his Majesty 's catholic subjects ; but it was not the numbers who signed a petition , but the object of the petition itself , and the reasonableness and justice of complying with that object , that should rule the consideration of the house . The noble lord then , at very considerable length , and with this wonted ability , went over the whole ground of principle upon which the subject had been already debated , and contended that every thing which religious toleration demanded , had been already conceded to the catholics ; and that they had now no political grievances whatever to complain of , that do not equally affect most other descriptions of his Majesty 's protestant subjects . The constitution demands oaths , tests , and qualifications from those who are to be entrusted with parliamentary representation or official power : our liberties were sustained by a system of checks . The elective franchise was limited ; the representative must prove the qualification of his required ; the dissenter must conform to the oaths presented for the protestant . The eldest sons of the peers of Scotland could not be returned as representatives in parliament for that part of the Kingdom ; and , in short , no prohibition now remained upon Roman catholics that did not attach equally upon many other descriptions of his Majesty 's protestant subjects . Nay , the Roman catholics of Ireland had more license in the oath they were required to take than protestant dissenters in England ; for the former were only required to swear allegiance to the king and his family ; but in England the oath was to the king and his family—being protestants . The basis of the British constitution was not founded upon the principle of equal rights to all men indiscriminately ; but to all men conforming and complying with the tests which the constitution demanded for its security . The noble and learned lord argued at much length the danger that must arise to the act of settlement and the bill of rights , if a protestant king in this country were to have a catholic cabinet ; and he quoted the expressions of the celebrated lord Sommers on the 11th and 12th of William and Mary , containing the coronation oath , that ought to be reverenced as the Magna Charta of the British constitution . The noble and learned lord alluded , in the course of his speech , to the observations made by lord Redesdale upon the contumacious conduct of the Irish catholic bishops , in not only assuming , contrary to law , the high titular dignities , but 785 all the ecclesiastical functions attached to that rank in the established church ; and said it would have belonged to the character and firmness of his noble and learned friend the moment he discovered those men assuming the titular dignities of the established episcopacy , or discharging their functions in ecclesiastical polity , in open rebellion against the laws , to have directly conveyed a formal complaint to his Majesty , and to have commenced legal proceedings against them . could not agree that it was a fir moment to agitate the question , l if their lordships were not prepared to think it a fit moment to concede what was asked . —My lords , having been one of his majesty 's servants at the time the union was framed , having been in some degree alluded to in the course of the debate , and the importance of the measure , will be my excuse , however ably the subject has been debated , for stating the grounds of the vote I shall give this night . Having , whilst I had the honour of serving his majesty in Ireland , twice given his majesty 's sanction to important favours to the Roman catholics of