be endured , that an editor of a newspaper should tell the house of commons that he had sat in judgment upon them and their proceedings , and pronounced his applause or his censure on the different parties in parliament as he thought fit ? This set-off stated , that lord Melville had been an old and faithful servant of the crown . It had , however , been proved , that for more than 16 years of the time he was in office , he had been an unfaithful servant ; and that the principal object of him and his colleagues was to cling to office as long as they could . As to the party heats which prevailed at those times , they were in a great measure gone and obliterated from the page of history , The right hon . gent . himself ( Mr. Pitt ) had , if there was any faith in man , proposed and recommended his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) as a fit person to hold a high office in the government of the country ; and , therefore , he could not have supposed that he deserved those scandalous libels which had been thrown out against his character . Without wishing for any severity of punishment to be inflicted on the present occasion , 553 he should be very glad that the hon . baronet would see this petition in the same light that it appeared to him in , and consent to withdraw it for the purpose of preparing another that would be more decent and seemly . The expressions in the first part of it would be sufficient to obtain the object , and the remainder had much better be omitted . He then appealed to the hon . baronet , whether it would not be better to withdraw his petition ? answered , that he had heard nothing in the latter part of the discussion which altered in any manner the opinion he had before formed . thought that the topics objected to had been very fairly and naturally introduced into the petition , and if the house was to consent to have the petition withdrawn upon these grounds , he thought it would convey a severe reflection and libel on the conduct of that government to whom the country had been so much indebted . Although he by no means wished to revive party animosities , yet he considered that the petitioner had a right , when the question came in his way , to state , in extenuation , the reasons for which he felt so much zeal in the cause of lord Melville ; and , for his part , although he was not at all personally acquainted with his lordship , he should not hesitate to say , that whatever offences he may have committed , he had rendered great and important services to his country . Newport wished to give an hon . member ( Mr. Canning ) an opportunity of explaining what he meant by saying lord Melville had fallen a victim to the anger of that House ? did not recollect having used the expression : he thought he had said the displeasure of the house , and that even that phrase he had given with a qualification . thought the origina llibel was much aggravated by the stile of the petition . He did not think that the house should take notice of every sentiment that was put in writing by a blockhead . He could not bring himself to think that a man was worth notice , who would not take advice even for his own relief . The hurry of the press was given in excuse for the original paragraph ; but , it should be recollected that the circumstance upon which that writer had thought fit to comment , took place before the recess , and it was not right to admit any thing which was untrue as an extenuation . He had received good advice , and had not availed himself of it , but had acted in oppo- 554 sition to it