. expressed his thanks to their lordships for having so readily deferred the recommitment of the bill from Monday until that day , in consequence of his inability to attend ; however , it was not his intention then to trouble the committee with the discussion of the clause he intended to propose , as he believed many of their lordships , who had so recently retired , withdrew upon an understanding that what he meant to bring forward would not be discussed that night . He therefore should not press it ; not that he intended , after what passed , to interrupt the progress of the bill , but to take the opportunity of a future stage , to propose what he intended , possibly on the consideration of the report , the third reading , or , if such may be deemed more convenient , as to a certain extent , it would be more regular to discuss his intended propositions in a committee , and with that view to recommit the bill . was anxious to shew that he never opposed any procrastination of the bill , as far as such procrasti- 635 nation might be expected to throw fuller light upon the question ; but in acceding to the proposition of the noble lord , who had an essential amendment to propose , he trusted that no further impediment would be thrown in the way of the subsequent progress of the bill . The result was , that the report of the bill was ordered to be received to-morrow , and an apparent understanding , that on Monday , the bill should be read a third time . presented a bill , the principal effect of which was , to encourage the cultivation , planting , & c. of church , college , and hospital lands , and to provide regulations with respect to the growth , felling , & c. of timber on the same . All he should propose at present would be , the first reading , and printing of the bill ; intending it should lie over for consideration ; and , in the mean time , he should consult the opinions of the reverend personages opposite to him , and which he meant to take previous to his proposing any thing farther upon the bill . The bill was forth with read a first time , and ordered to be printed.—Adjourned . An account was ordered of the number of bushels of malt made from barley in Scotland from the 5th of July , 1803 , to the 5th of July , 1804 , with the duty thereon ; and from the 5th of July 1804 , to the 5th of April , 1805 . Also , of the number of bushels of malt made in Scotland from bere and bigg , with the duty thereon , within the same periods.—A person from the office of the chief secretary in Ireland presented at the bar an account of the expences incurred by state prosecutions in Ireland for the years 1801 , 2 , 3 , and 4 , respectively . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—The Irish First Fruits bill passed through a committee.—Sir W. Dolben presented a petition from the chancellor , masters , and scholars of the university of Oxford , against the prayer of the Catholic petition on the table of the house . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Lee brought up a bill for the more expeditious recovery of small debts in Ireland , which was read a first time.—Mr . F. Fane presented a petition from sir William Rawlins , knight , and Robert Albion Coxe , esq . late sheriffs of London and Middlesex , stating , `` that , owing to unfortunate advice , they 636 had been so unhappy as to draw upon them the displeasure of the house by their conduct at the election , for Middlesex , in 1802 , at which they had presided as , returning officers ; for which offence they had been committed to Newgate on the 11th of