bill to regulate the issue of small promissory notes and bills in Ireland , which was agreed to . '' The hon . gent . next observed upon the great difficulties existing in the recovery of small debts in Ireland , where creditors were often obliged to travel from 30 or 40 miles , to the quarter sessions , at an expence perhaps superior to the amount of their respective debts . The principal object of the bill he should propose , would be to give magistrates the summary power of debts under 5l . He then moved for leave `` to bring in a bill for the more expeditious recovering of small debts in Ireland ; '' which was granted . rose , and , after stating his reluctance to take any step at all inconsistent with the most perfect liberty of the press , called the attention of the house to one of the most indecent libels on the procedings of that house , which it had ever been his province to notice . It was , indeed , a libel of so gross a nature , that the house , in consistency with its own dignity , could not suffer it to pass over , without at strong expression of indignation against such an attack on a solemn decision of the legislature . The hon . member then read the following paragraph from `` the Oracle '' of yesterday . The article is prefaced by a statement that sir Charles Middleton was appointed first lord of the admiralty While we announce this arrangement as the proper reward of public and private virtue , we can not help sincerely regretting , that party rancour and popular clamour have at this time deprived our king and country of the great and powerful abilities of lord Melville . In no period of our political history can we find such an instance of the strong effects of prejudice . With all our profound respect for the motives which influenced the majority of the house of commons—with all our admiration of that spirit which arouses and animates the people in their expressions of indignation at the supposed malver- 382 sations of an Individual—with all our regard for town and country meetings when properly directed in supporting the cause of independence , freedom , and public virtue—we can not help again and again declaring , that lord Melville has fallen a victim to confidence misplaced ; to prejudice misjudged , and to indignation misapplied . He has been condemned without a trial . When an appeal has been offered to his intemperate judges—when a request has been made to put him on his defence—when it has been earnestly solicited to give him a fair and a candid hearing , and then to come to a decision on the merits of the case—a strong and presumtuous negative has been given , directed and enforced by the violence of the times . `` —The hon . gent . proceeded to move `` that the printer and publisher '' should be called to the bar of the house . '' The clerk taking up the paper in question , ascertained that the printer and publisher was Mr. Peter Stuart , of Fleet-street ; and on the suggestion of the speaker , the passage complained of was again read at the table.—As soon as Mr. Grey 's motion was put from the chair , rose , and spoke as follows : I certainly do allow , sir , that the passage now read is libellous and indecent ; but , if we are now to begin to turn our attention to every thing of a libellous and indecent tendency , which appears in the public newspapers , I hope at least we shall observe the strictest impartiality . It is not the first time that we have heard of libellous , licentious , and unwarrantable observations in newspapers , even on the proceedings of this house , and we have seen them altogether overlooked . If gentlemen have now , however , made up their minds that such licentiousness of the press is not to be tolerated