may be said to have been created during his present majesty 's reign . Lord Kenmare claimed a peerage under a patent of King James II . dated after the abdication of that unfortunate prince , at a time when he was no longer a king , and could not create nobility : his present majesty has been pleased to create him a peer : the ancestors of two others , the Lords Fingall and Gormanstown , were attainted for high treason and outlawries ; which attainders continued for four generations . His present majesty was graciously pleased to direct his attorney general in Ireland to confess error in these outlawries , on which confession the outlawries have been reversed , and these noblemen have been restored to the rank of their ancestors . Lord Southwell 's ancestors were protestants ; his father some time since went to France , and there became a Roman catholic , and educated his son in that profession . Thus it appears , that the whole Roman Catholic nobility of Ireland , a few years back , did not exceed one or two at the most . I speak not this out of any disrespect to the noble personages thus mentioned , but to shew what little cause of complaint there is for the alleged degradation of the Roman catholic nobility of Ireland . Of the three baronets subscribed to the petition two have been created by his present Majesty . Ireland is divided into thirty-two counties : out of nineteen of these counties there is not one subscriber , and out of four of the remaining thirteen counties there is but one each . There is not the name of one Romish ecclesiastic subscribed to this petition . How then does it appear that these petitioners are commissioned by the Roman catholics of Ireland , or those of England and Scotland , to petition on their 866 behalf , or to express their political or moral principles ? It is much to be suspected that they are self-commissioned , as well by what is already observed , as by the following circumstance : five of the subscribers have set themselves forth as delegated by the rest to procure the presentment of this petition to the two houses of parliament , and solicit its success : of these , one is Mr. Denys Scully , barrister at law , a gentleman with whose person I am totally unacquainted , but not so with his writings . He published in the year 1803 , a pamphlet in Dublin , entitled , `` An Irish Catholic 's Advice to his Brethren how to estimate their present Situation , and repel French Invasion , civil Wars , and Slavery . '' This pamphlet advises the Irish romanists , in the event of an invasion by the French , rather to join the King 's standard than that of Bonaparte , solely on the ground of such conduct being more for their advantage , and not at all on the ground of their allegiance due to their sovereign : and notwithstanding the specious title of the work , the whole tenour of it is , in my opinion , by the suggestions of ideal grievances , in the most horrid forms , to excite the Romish populace to the most furious acts of insurrection and revenge against their governors ; so that the advice to resist Bonaparte seems to be merely an artifice to protect the author from the legal punishment due to so malignant , vindictive , and atrocious an attack on the conduct of the protestant government of Ireland for two centuries past . The pamphlet overflows with gall it will be sufficient to read a passage or two out of it to give the house a just idea of its real purpose and tendency : `` It is one hundred and twelve years since the capitulation of Limerick to William III : it was the last place in Ireland or England that surrendered to him ; and never was any place more gallantly and obstinately defended than Limerick had been by our loyal ancestors ,