protestant to uphold his church . The interested feelings of their clergy , whose influence over the minds of their flock is peculiarly powerful in the catholic worship , will urge them to continual exertion for a restoration of those tithes . possessed of them , they would not rest ; equality in religion would not satisfy ; they would look to the weight of numbers , which , their advocates so often dwell on , that the religion of the greater number ought to be the religion of the state . In short , they would look in the end to raise the catholic church in Ireland on the ruins of the protestant . Such will be the natural result of giving them political power , and they would laugh hereafter at our folly , were we to make the concession . Power is and has been so prevalent in their views , that they have connected it in every attempt with every other object . Reform and emancipation have gone together in the whole of their progress . These -two watchwords of discontent were coupled together in all their proceedings , until the union accomplished one of them , 1003 the reform , which otherwise they might have pursued for ages without effect . I know that now tread on very delicate ground ; but I trust to the liberality of the house , that if I use any unguarded expression they will correct it , and allow me to explain.—Suppose then , for a moment , that they acquire a power of sitting in parliament by the Vote of this night , would it be a strange conjecture that they would soon feel that their small number , if it were fifty or sixty , or even the whole hundred , would be of little avail among six hundred and fifty-eight ; that the union had accomplished the reform they wished for by the destruction of boroughs ; and that two hundred seats , all belonging to protestants ( for protestants only received the compensation ) , had been annihilated ? Possessed , then , of this reform , and of their power of sitting , it might be natural for them to look to a restoration of the Irish legislature . They Would see the barriers , which the wisdom of ages had erected against their having political power , broken down by . this night 's decision . Their exertions would rise in proportion to their hopes of success , and it Would require only a revival of the Irish parliament to give them the consequence and superiority they long for . The hon . mover 's doctrine , that seats in parliament are their right , qualified by him , I acknowledge , with the exception of the salus populi suprema lex , would not weaken their endeavours of their prospects . They would consider it a right existing , but with-held from them at the time the union was discussed , and upon it they would endeavour at a dissolution of that measure . They would call for three hundred members to resume their functions in an Irish parliament ; and the two hundred seats added in the room of the one hundred protestant boroughs , which we have demolished , would all be filled by popular elections , where numbers , in which their strength consists , would decide . What would not a majority , so constituted , look to ? They would see their own aggrandisement , the maintenance and dignity of their clergy , and the consequent superiority of their church , all within their view . I will look no further into so tremendous a prospect . This result may be slow , and I firmly believe the day of its accomplishment would be distant ; but is it the less to be guarded against ? To me the reasoning seems so strong , that I can not shut my senses to it , nor to all the mischiefs which must attend the attempt , and the 1004 miseries which must follow it . The seeds of separation