too rapid a succession , or that through the operation of the bill , the patronage of the laity would be improperly trenched upon . observed , as the general sense of their lordships appeared to be for going into a committee , he should detain them very shortly . He was of opinion that it would be expedient to set some limitation to the acquisition of advowsons in such cases as the present . The house should consider that the corporations in question were as trustees who purchased for their own benefit ; that they were not only donors but donees ; there obviously therefore existed reasons for some restraint , which did not exist in other corporations . He must join with the noble lords and reverend prelates who reprobated that scandalous traffic in church preferments so forcibly alluded to . He was fully aware how greatly preferable it would be to see such patronage vested in the universities ; but even with reference to purchases , even from these quarters , he conceived , considering the possibility of abuse , that some degree of restraint would even then be necessary . They should endeavour to find some certain ratio for apportioning the number of livings to that of the fellows of the respective colleges , or rather of those who are capable of being beneficed , and therefore some words should be introduced to express that provision in the bill , as `` such persons as are elected , or are capable of being elected . '' in reply , observed , that no fears need be entertained of too great an accumulation of patronage on the part of the universities , even were that likely to take place , as parliament would always have it in their power to check the vicious excess ; nay , to check the evil in the bud . He entered into some calculations as to the number of livings vested in different bodies . Of these , we understood the reverend prelate to say , that a less number than 700 were at the disposal of the universities , and many of these of small value , out of an aggregate of upwards of ten thousand livings . said , that if the bill were agreed to by the committee , without some limitation or degree of restraint introduced , he would certainly oppose it in some future stage . He conceived that the same reasons continued to operate which induced the legislature , in its wisdom , in the year 1736 , to provide the re- 456 straint in question.—The house then , after negativing the proposition of lord Sidmouth , resolved into a committee on the bill , and lord Walsingham having taken the chair , the preamble was postponed , and the enacting clause entered into pro formâ . It being settled between their lordships across the table that progress should be reported , and leave asked to sit again ; which being done , the committee was directed to sit again on . Wednesday.—Adjourned . presented a petition from upwards of 1000 inhabitants of the parish of St. Pancras against the bill for the erection of a workhouse , and some parochial regulations in that place . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Williams , from the commissioners of naval enquiry , presented at the bar the correspondence with the treasurer of the navy , which was ordered on a preceding day . The papers were ordered to be laid on the table , and on the motion of sir R. Buxton , it was ordered that they should be printed.—Mr . Johnstone , from the office of the chief secretary of Ireland , presented copies of the contracts which had been entered into for the purchase of houses or ground for the scite of the Roman catholic seminary . Ordered to be laid on the table.—Mr . Parnell presented statements of the public expenditure in the Irish chancellor of the exchequer 's office , which were also ordered to be laid on the table.—Mr . H. Thornton gave notice that , in consequence of