that see : that he enjoys by divine right , a spiritual and ecclesiastical primacy , not only of honour and rank , but of real jurisdiction and authority in the uni- 874 versal church : that catholics can not conscientiously abjure the ecclesiastical authority of bishop of Rome : that Henry VIII . of England was the first christian prince that assumed ecclesiastical supremacy , and command an enslaved parliament to enact it as a law of the state , and that the catholics consider it as an usurpation . '' Pursuant to this doctrine , we , the catholics , will endeavour , by every means in our power , to free ourselves from that usurpation ; and pray , good protestant usurpers , assist us in dong so ! put us into a capacity of effecting it ! that is , of betraying our common country to dependance and slavery.—The patrons of this measure argue that the sentiments of romanists are changed for the better from what they were formerly . It is already shewn that if they have suffered any change since the reign of Henry VIII . the change has been for the worse , and that they now avow greater hostility to the constitutional independence of the nation ( justifying that hostility upon principle ) than they did at that period.—But to give a clear and explicit refutation of this argument , it will be necessary to exposed the avowed principles of the Romish religion in respect to temporal government ; to inquire whether they have been ever disavowed , and whether any material change has been effected in them at any , and what period—And first , it is necessary to state , that all Romish bishop , and among the rest his majesty 's subjects now resident in the British dominions , under denomination of titular archbishop and bishop ( who , in direct defiance of the laws , assume the titles of most revered and right reverend , being the titles of real archbishops bishops of the realm ) , at their respective consecration swear an oath of allegiance to the pope , which is utterly inconsistent with their duty to his majesty and the state . Among other clause ( all exceptionable ) are the following : `` that they will from that hour forward be faithful and obedient to St. Peter , and to the holy church of Rome , and to their lord the pope , and his successors , canonically entering : that the papacy of Rome , the rules of the holy fathers , and the regality of St. Peter , they will keep , maintain , and defend against all men . The rights , privileges , and authorities of the church of Rome , and of the pope , and his successors , they will cause to be conserved , defended , augmented and promoted . '' Another clause in the oath is , `` that heretics , schismatics , and rebels to the holy father and his successors , they will resist and 875 persecute to their power . '' This clause Dr . Troy states to be now omitted in the oath of Romish bishops , in countries not in communion with the Romish church , at the instance of the late Empress of Russia , who made that a condition of her permitting a Romish bishop to reside within her dominions . If such be the case , the oath is sufficiently hostile to a protestant government without it.—I shall next repeat an extract from the oath taken by all Romish priests at their ordination . `` Fifthly , the holy catholic , apostolic , and Roman church , I acknowledge to be the mother and mistress of all churches ; and to the Roman pontiff , successor of the blessed Peter , prince of the apostles , Vicar of Jesus Christ , I promise and swear true obedience . Sixthly , all doctrines delivered , defined , and declared by the sacred canons and by the general councils of Trent , without the smallest doubt I receive and profess ;