could assure him that he could produce as many complaining of the sailing of ships constructed in the king 's yards . As to the observations of officers respecting the fitness of ships for the service , they were , in his opinion , some of the worst criterions to judge by . If vessels were objected to , let them be surveyed by proper persons , and let not the capricious dislike of an officer be urged as an argument against , either taking into or continuing a ship in the service . He did not see the necessity of making out the long list the noble lord moved for of ships , some of which were built when lord Keppel was at the head of the admiralty . He had no objection to concede to all the motions of the noble lord , except the latter part of the second , and the whole of the fourth—The motions were then put , with the necessary exceptions , and granted.—Adjourned . A message from the lords announced , that they had agreed to the Pleasure Horse duty , and some private bills , Mr. J. Fitzgerald moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of the charges outstanding on the surplus of the consolidated fund of Ireland , and of the sums paid thereon , up to the 5th Jan. 1805 . He also moved for an account of the sums of money advanced by the commissioners of the navy in Ireland ; the amount of the unfunded debt of the navy ; a return of the balances of arrears , specifying the times of payment of the same ; and a return of the payments stated to be due , but not payable , till after the 5th Jan. 1805 ; all of which were agreed to . called the attention of the house to the subject of which he had given notice . It was for leave to bring in a bill to amend an act of the 35th of his majesty for regulating the election of persons to serve in parliament , so far as relates to freeholds of 20l . a year in Ireland . He declined entering into the detail . The object Was to regulate the mode in which the freeholder was to ob- 25 tain his certificate by which he was entitled to vote at an election for the county ; a subject liable to great and enormous abuses , according to the present practice . Having stated the outline of his plan , he concluded with moving , `` that leave be given to bring in a bill to amend the said act , so far as relates to freeholds under the value of 201.—Agreed , to . moved the order of the day , for taking into consideration the special report of the committee of the late election for the borough of Knaresborough , which being read , he moved , that the house do concur in the first resolution . He said there was no occasion for his making any comments upon facts , which were sufficiently proved in the evidence before the committee , and since submitted to the house . Upon mature consideration , it was his opinion , and that of the committee , that , as the delinquents had not been parties before them , and consequently had not been heard in their own defence , instead of bringing them to the bar of the house , and hearing the whole of the evidence de novo , it would be much more desirable to move , as he then did , `` that the following delinquents , viz . J. M. Allen R. Dewes , T. Abbott , W. Whitehead , Anne Howeton , W. Allison , and S. Henlock , be prosecuted by the Attorney General . '' expressed his perfect satisfaction in this procedure , and the more so , as , if the allegations against one of the delinquents , J. M. Allen , an attorney , were true , the noble lord who presided in the court