bill for the encouragement of seamen , and for the more effectual manning of his majesty 's ships . `` —The question was immediately put from the chair , and agreed to.—Adjourned . —The Duke of Athol spoke in support of the appellants , in the case , the Earl of Kinnoul and others v. Mr. Maule and others ; after which the Lord Chancellor delivered his opinion , and the decision of the Court of Session was affirmed.—The Exchequer Bills bill , the Sugar Drawback bill , the Irish Malt bill , the Irish Postage bill , the Irish Customs bill , the Irish Ex- 66 cise bill , the Irish Stamp Duty bill , the Irish Spirit Warehousing bill , arid several private bills , were brought from the Commons , and read a first time.—Mr . Alcock , from the custom-house , presented an Account of the Sums in the hands of the Collectors on the 5th of January last , so far as the same could be made up.—Adjourned . —Mr . Bully , from the Exchequer Office , presented an Account of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes , the progress made in the liquidation of the national debt , and the surplus amount of the Consolidated Fund ; which were ordered to be printed.—A message from the lords stated their having agreed to Lord J. Thynne 's Indemnity , the Marine Mutiny , and some Private bills.—The Irish Customs , Excise , Post Office , Stamps , and Malt Duty bills , were read a 3rd time and passed . rose to submit to the house the motion of which he had some time since given notice , for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the practice in Ireland with regard to the confinement of lunatics and idiots . By the 27th of his present majesty , the poor and the lunatics of Ireland were confined in the I same houses , a practice from which the most distressing inconveniencies had frequently resulted . He wished the appointment of distinct asylums for lunatics and idiots . The existing method of confinement Was only calculated for malefactors , but not for lunatics . Proper care can not be taken of lunatics without separate institutions . He had therefore to propose a bill for establishing an asylum for each of the four provinces to contain 250 patients . These asylums to be in the central towns of the principal counties . The provinces to bear the expence , which is to be imposed by assessment ; and a report to be made , from time to time , to the judges of assize , of the management , funds , and whole concerns and situation of the four asylums . He had bestowed much attention , for many years , on this subject , and was persuaded that the measure he was about to propose , was one which the situation of the public institutions in Ireland loudly demanded . Accordingly , he concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill for establishing Provincial Asylums for Lunatics and Idiots in Ireland . in seconding the mo- 67 tion , thanked the hon . baronet for the pains he had taken to examine into the subject in question . There was a necessity for the asylums . He went once to the gaol o Clonmell , to enquire respecting this subject ; from the bellowing and hideous noise of the lunatics there , the ordinary sick were prevented from taking their natural rest.—After a short conversation , in explanation o the mode of raising the funds for the Asylums , between Mr. Rose , Sir J. Newport Mr. Corry , and Mr. Foster , leave was giver to bring in the bill . pursuant to notice , rose to submit his motion on this subject to the house . In bringing forward the resolution which he should have the honour to propose , he was not actuated by any sentiment of hostility to the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr . Foster . ) When he had first called the attention