, yet , on this occasion , I certainly do not think that we ought to be too eager in taking notice of this paragraph . My hon . friend has said , that this has overstepped the boundaries 436 of all that licence that the house has ever allowed to discussions upon its proceedings out of doors : Sir , I have read this article , and I must certainly allow that it is a very severe libel . But when I say this , I must at the same time observe , that though in itself it is extremely improper , yet when compared with a vast variety of other articles that have appeared respecting the proceedings of the house , it is by no means so severe . Indeed , in this view , it may be said to be mere milk and water . But then , my hon . friend says , `` if we are to allow things of this sort to go on , where are we to stop ? Is the house of commons to sutler every sort of censure on its proceedings to pass Without any animadversion ? '' Why , sir , to this I reply , that if the house is about to adopt a new feeling , and to take notice of expressions of this sort , after they have so long slumbered , and allowed these things to pass unheeded , it ought to give warning that it has changed its sentiments , in order that people may be prepared , and that punishment may not fall on a particular individual , where so many are involved in the same sort of delinquency . I do not say that my hon . friend is not perfectly warranted in the mode of proceeding which he has adopted ; but it is but fair at the same time to observe , that time house has been long in the habit of tolerating such paragraphs as that of which complaint is now made . We are accustomed to connive at these things . We connive at reporting our debates , and very properly , because I should consider it as a great , if not a mortal blow to the liberties of this country , that the public should be kept in ignorance of the proceedings in parliament . Now , it ought to be recollected , that we use a great deal more freedom with our own characters than we think it just that other men should do . But when people are obliged to report , if they do report well , the severe things which we say of one another in this house , is it not natural that they should fall into an imitation of our style , and speak of us , in some measure , as we do of ourselves ? I do therefore think , that in these cases a great allowance ought to be made . I should be extremely sorry that any thing like a prosecution should take place in this instance . My first reason is , that I am a warm friend to the liberty of the press , and the second is , that I very well remember the usual result of such prosecutions . 437 I recollect , sir , that a certain libel was some time ago published on the house of commons , and I was one of a committee appointed to discover the author of that pamphlet . I certainly had no doubt that it was a libel ; however , when it came into a court of law , an hon . friend of mine had the ingenuity to persuade the jury , that it was no reflection whatever on the house of commons . If , therefore , the author of this paragraph makes an ample apology , which I have no doubt he will be ready to do , I can not think that the matter ought to be carried farther . It will be sufficient to have him reprimanded and discharged . —When this motion was first brought forward ,