has been liable to very serious abuses . When we consider the number of persons , respectable for their characters and for their property , who have been engaged : in this business , we need not be surprised that agents of that description have received abundant encouragement . The great question is , if , under the violation of private , right to which , in this mode of agency , in- 63 dividuals have been exposed , it would be eligible that public official men should interpose ; and in our consideration of this , we are naturally led to enquire into the principal matters which effect the interest ! of the parties . First ; the security of the property is the great object ; it is better that it should be forthcoming , however late , than that it should be wholly lost . While the decison is witheld , it is material that the fund should be accumulating , for the advantage of those who shall be declared entitled to it . Should the property be invested in real securities ? Certainly not ; because , from the nature of those securities , it would he liable to be empounded a considerable time posterior to the decision , when the parties might want to apply the property to advance their interests in their own private concerns . If it can not be invested in real securities , much less can it he dependant on the risk of personal security , or submitted to the hazards of trade ; even in its application to the public funds of the state , some respect is to be paid to private opinion and convenience , under the vicissitudes of national affairs . During one of the more atrocious periods of the-French Revolution , if any distinction may be made in the political profligacy of that republic , it was the practice to invest one of the officers on board every ship with the functions of a Judge of the Admiralty , and by this means , instantly that a capture was made , the prize was condemned , and an immediate distribution was made among the successful depredators.— We are not , however , here governed by the laws of Algerine piracy , or the institutions of revolutionized France . England must act with good faith to every individual wherever he resides ; documents must be procured , and all the parties must be heard . Delays have been complained of in our court , and in some respects , and to a certain extent , they are unavoidable . To give the parties an opportunity of .appeal is necessary , and this is one sourer ; of delay . It is well known , that the general law of Europe has assigned the interval of a year and a day to the appellant . To prevent procrastination , the term of appeal was for some time limited to three months , but . however good the intention might be in this regulation , the legislature found it necessary to trace back its own steps . Appellants in America , in Asia , or even in the remote parts of Europe , had not sufficient time to resist , the decision they thought inequitable , thy , former interval for appeals was 64 again conceded . The object then has been , during the delay , to make the effects speedily productive , and to attend to the accommodation of each party as much as possible . If security were the only object , the delivery of the property into the hands of a public officer under the mandate of the the court , would be sufficient . In any new regulation on the subject of this question , however prudently formed , we can not exclude all inconveniences . In considering the defects of the present system , we have the satisfaction to discern , that they are neither great nor numerous . The late act , which is the present law on the subject , contains many provisions ; some of which I shall shortly state