or one to infer punishment . It undoubtedly , however , was meant to go the length of grounding an address to his majesty for the dismissal of a judge for improper conduct in his judicial capacity , and such he contended could not originate in that house . He would wish the noble and learned lord to point out to them where the line was to be drawn , and what , if any thing short of murder , felony , or treason , was to be esteemed without the original cognizance of that house . As to the idea of the act of settlement subjecting the judges to a jurisdiction of which they were formerly independent , he saw nothing in the act which sanctioned such an idea , but the direct contrary . opposed the motion of lord Auckland , and contended that the proceedings of the house had been completely regular . In this opinion he was seconded by lord Redesdale . defended the positions laid down by lord Grenville , by recapitulating the arguments which he had formerly adduced in support of his motions . followed on the same side , and deprecated , in strong terms , the idea of subjecting the judges to a species of control from which every other subject of this country was exempt—thereby rendering them the tools of the minister of the day . Maintained the necessity of resorting to the opinion of the 165 judges as to the legality of their mode of proceeding . declared , that his own opinion was decidedly in favour of the proceeding by scirc facias , as the question would thereby have a legal investigation , and as the learned judge would then be tried by his peers . But , as the case now stands , their lordships had adopted another mode of proceeding . The law clearly said , that they may in certain cases proceed to address his majesty for the removal of a judge ; it was therefore evident , that they may make inquiry as to the facts upon which that address was to be founded . The words appeared to him to be so unambiguous , and the inference that their lordships had the legal power of proceeding as they had done was so plain and natural , that he had no hesitation in saying that there was no necessity for asking any opinion of the learned lords upon the case . supported the motion as the only means of ridding their lordships ' minds of any doubt upon the case.—The question was then put , and there appeared contents 18 ; not contents 32.—Adjourned . Bowyer 's Lottery bill , was read a third time and passed.—Mr . Parnell from the office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , presented an account of the funded and unfunded debt of Ireland , and of the charges outstanding upon the consolidated fund of Ireland on the 5th of January 1805.—Ordered to lie on the table and to be printed.—A person from the Bank of England presented an account of all the dollars that had been issued by the Bank of England to the latest period that the same could be made out . Ordered to lie on the table and to be printed.—The Neutral Ships bill , the American Goods Neutral Ships bill , and the Alien Privilege Prize Ships bill , were severally read a third time and passed.—The American Treaty bill was reported.—The Innkeepers Rates bill passed through a Committee , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . with a view to the discussion which stood for Thursday next , relative to the Tenth Report of the Commis- 166 sioners of Naval Enquiry , thought it desirable to have the house put in possession of every possible information that might enable it to come to a just decision on this important subject . It was material that the discussion should not be unnecessarily protracted , but it was also to be wished that every assistance should be afforded to the judgment of the house . With this view it was