a letter from Mr. Tucker : they were both under similar circumstances . was of opinion that the papers ought not to be read , as they could not be read in the ordinary way , having no titles . The hon . baronet had not specified what any one of the papers was , but had stated that they would show the house he was at issue with lord St. Vincent , and that one or the other must stand in a situation in which no man of honour would wish to stand . The letter , therefore , did not contain a defence of the hon . baronet , but a new and distinct crimination of lord St. Vincent . He was bound then to state the nature of the documents , that lord St. Vincent 's friends might move for other papers , necessary . observed , that if any other person but lord St. Vincent were the object of the motion , no objection would be made to laying the documents on the table . But was there not a report on the table charging the hon . baronet with having omitted to have informed the first lord of the admiralty of certain important transactions ? He had looked into the introductory letter since the commencement of the discussion , by which it appeared that the hon . baronet , when he found that his conduct had been reflected on by the 11th report , had tendered to be re-examined , which the commissioners had , no doubt on sufficient grounds , refused . The hon . bart . had then addressed himself to the admiralty , inclosing the documents . In consequence of which they were no longer in his possession , and that had been the cause of his moving for the letter and its inclosures . As to the observation of the learned gent . that this was a fresh and distinct charge against the noble lord , was not there already upon the table a charge against the hon . baronet ? Was there no hardship in that ? 465 A learned serjeant ( Best ) had given notice of a motion on the subject of the eleventh report next week , and in adverting to the charge of notices that had taken place , his right hon . friend had only said , that it was impossible for the house to know whether the motion would be made for a committee or not . felt it impossible to suffer the house to be led away by false impressions . He was sure the statement from the other side was not correct relative to the order of the motions ( on Thursday ) . He had himself suggested to move for the committee first and for the prosecution after . But he observed a uniform endeavour to mislead the house , that they who supported him opposed the production of documents . God forbid ! It was to the manner of moving for the documents they objected . He was happy to find that no gentleman attempted to justify the manner in which the hon . bart . had brought forward his motion . The report bad been printed on the 11th of March , and it was not till the 22d of April that the hon . bart . wrote the letter to the admiralty ; on the 25th he gave his notice , and on the 26th he moved for its production . What was to be concluded , but that he had written the letter for the purpose of having it produced to parliament ? said , he had lost no time . It was extremely late in March when the report had been printed , and the next day he wrote to the commissioners of enquiry . As he held a high office , it was no slight matter that he should stand right with his superior board . He had written his letter on the 1st of April , and delivered it with his own hand to the commissioners . On the 17th he received the answer