, and of thus unseasonably agitating a subject of such general expectation and importance , on which the feelings of the inhabitants of Ireland were so unhappily alive , and which may lead to no small fermentation and disturbance in that country . said , that the hon . member had alluded to an insurmountable obstacle ; but what that obstacle was , the hon . gent . 111 had not mentioned . He should wait to hear , upon the discussion of the measure to which the petition referred , what the nature of that obstacle was , and then he should take occasion to state his opinion respecting it . At present he should only say , that it was his intention to appoint a day for the discussion of a proposition founded on the petition . From information received , he understood that the Irish members were for the most part at present in Ireland , upon the business of the assizes , and that they could not conveniently return for some time . It was his wish to fix upon as early a day as possible ; he should mention the 9th of May , but in the course of the ensuing week he should be able to state the precise day . urged the propriety of ascertaining with precision the day on which the motion of the hon . gent . would be brought forward , and hoped he would positively fix on the 9th of May for that purpose . had no objection whatever to that day himself , but until he had consulted those who were more immediately interested , he did not feel entitled to say that that should certainly be the day on which he would make his motion.—Adjourned . Their lordships proceeded further in the Appeal , Rocheid , esq . against Kinloch , bart . Mr. H. Erskine concluded his reply . After which the further consideration was postponed till Tuesday next.—Mr . Alexander brought up the Legacy Duty bill , and two private bills ; which were severally read a first time.—Mr . Worsley , from the London Flour Company , presented the annual accounts of the Company ; which were ordered to lie on the table.—Adjourned . brought up the American Neutral Trade bill , which was read a first time.—Mr . Rose brought up the bill granting to aliens abroad the same privileges in the disposal of prizes as were now possessed by the natives of the United Kingdom . Read a first time.—The Secretary at War obtained leave to bring in a bill similar to that of last year , for increas- 112 ing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others for quartering troops , & c.—Mr . Huskisson brought up the additional Import Duty bill , and the additional Excise Duty bill , which were read a first time.—Col . Stanley presented a petition , praying that another Petition from the Duke of Athol , relative to the improvements in the Isle of Man , might be brought up . The cause of its being so long delayed was , that as it applied for a grant of public money , it was necessary to obtain his majesty 's consent to it . Leave was given , the Petition was brought up , read , and referred to a committee.—On the motion of Col. Stanley , the Report of the Committee of Enquiry in 1792 on the state of the Isle of Man , and all accounts of the revenue of the Island were ordered to be referred to the same committee . It was likewise ordered , on the motion of the hon . Col. that an Address be presented to his majesty , requesting that he would be graciously pleased to cause to be laid before the house a copy of the report of the Privy Council , dated 21 July , 1804 , on the former Petition of the Duke of Athol . The order of the day being read for the 2d reading of the Militia Enlisting Bill , rose and delivered his maiden speech in