from of the house . He censured those who had recourse to argument founded on delicacy and soft sentiment , which should never be introduced or countenanced in a grave assembly . He was less interested for the noble lord from private motives than many others , though he was not uninterested . But when that interest was made use of to influence the decision of a question , of which was the best mode for the house to do its duty , he could not listen to it . If this resolution was a necessary corollary the other night , he saw no reason why it should not be a necessary corollary now . The motion went far beyond what had done , inasmuch as what had been done was no security for the perpetual exclusion of the noble lord , though it was to be expected he would not be reinstated . The only excuse that could be offered to the public for not following up the resolution agreed to on the other night was , that in the progress of the future investigation matter of extenuation may come out . He did not think that could be . He thought the house justified in the vote of the last night , because the whole of the case was before them . If he did not think so , God forbid that he should object to any thing that could place the case in a fuller or purer view ! There was nothing to impeach the decision then made on the fairest motives : he should , therefore , require a promise or declaration , which would render it impossible to restore lord Melville . Otherwise , he had such a hold of those who were in power ; they were so linked and connected together , that an attempt may be made to counteract what the house had done . One instance was well Known , in which , after a censure more strong than that now passed upon lord Melville , the noble person recovered his situation , and the highest honours of the country were showered on him . What the house pronounced in its 354 best judgement should therefore not be given up under less than an express pledge for what was implied in the resolution of the former night . It was , therefore , necessary to follow up the resolutions , in order to have security for the future . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had said , that it ought to be a rule not to proceed with passion and violence ; a good rule , certainly ; but extremely ill observed on the part of the right hon . gent himself . Had they gone beyond the line ? If they had , let it be shewn by argument , and let it not rest upon the intemperate assertions of the right hon . gent . Parliament had made a great effort , such a one as , he was persuaded , would entitle them to the thanks and gratitude of the whole kingdom ; he wished that they should continue those efforts ; he wished to take security against their falling off . It would be a lamentable instance of the mutability of opinion , if they should forfeit , by indifference or langour , the high honours which their conduct on the preceding evening had obtained them from all sorts of people , honours `` which should be worn now in their newest gloss . '' The right hon . gent . had indulged him self in the use of some strong expressions against the force of popular prejudice and clamour ; in that he fully coincided with him . To yield upon any occasion to public clamour , so far as to condemn any one upon it , would be , in his opinion , one of the meanest and most unjust acts of which a deliberative body could be capable . But as the noble lord had not , as he would contend , been condemned under the influence of public