hon . friend 's motion adopted , as at once the most consistent with our honour , most agreeable to the calls of justice , most consonant to the expectations of the country . I shall say only a few words on some other topics which the right hon . gent . has thought fit to introduce into his speech . The right hon . gent has spoken of 345 the arbitrary and despotic doctrines brought forward by my hon . and learned relation behind me ( Mr. George Ponsonby ) ; but as my hon . and learned relation is himself so competent , it is not necessary for me to trouble you with many observations . But I may just be permitted to ask , whether there be any thing extraordinary or inconsistent with justice , any thing inconsistent with the character of a British lawyer , any thing at all tyrannical or despotic , in having a person accused of a most aggravated crime secured previous to his trial ? Could this be called a prejudging of the cause ? As well might we be accused of prejudging a criminal , because we found it necessary to shut him up in a prison previous to the proofs of his guilt being fully or fairly considered . Here , however , we were talking of a person not accused , but found guilty . I put it to the house , whether , after the circumstances of Trotter 's conduct were known , it was at all decent to employ him in a situation which he had previously employed to the most improper purposes . If Trotter was not dismissed , he ought surely to have been suspended from his office , till the inquiry in this house was closed . The right hon . gent . has advanced nothing to shew that it was not his duty to have followed this course . His whole speech , indeed , was nothing but idle rant and fury , containing nothing addressed to the reason of the house , nothing which affords the least proof that the motion of my hon . friend should not be adopted , as the natural consequence of the previous resolutions . Conceiving , then , this to be the , case , I shall support the motion as called for by every principle of honour , every demand of justice , and every feeling of regard for our character . —Mr . Speaker ; after being so pointedly and personally alluded to by the right hon . gent. , I hope I shall be favoured with the attention of the house for a few a moments . Since first I had the honour of a seat in this house , I will not attempt to deny that it has ever been my ardent wish to stand high in the esteem of all the members of whom it is composed . After the vote of Monday , however , a vote so honourable to the character of this assembly , a vote which has exalted its character among all orders in the state who value independence and worth , I confess , that to stand well in your opinion has become a matter of the utmost anxiety . The right hon . gent . has chosen to say , that if I had been a British lawyer I never could possibly 346 have brought forward those tyrannical , despotic , and oppressive doctrines which he supposes me to have delivered . Of having uttered any such language as could convey the idea of arbitrary principles or practices , I am utterly unconscious . I was followed by a right hon . gent . who is unquestionably one of the most sound and constitutional lawyers , and a judge in one of the highest courts in the kingdom , and it is rather , remarkable that he took not the least notice of these supposed arbitrary doctrines , though he did me the honour to allude to several parts of my speech . If such doctrines had been contained in what I then advanced ,