taken from intricate , and difficult accounts , would have excited it in him , He had also observed , that the hon . gent . had gradually changed the grounds of his charge , which he had narrowed at last to an intention to take the sense of the house on one particular point . The hon . member had divided his charge at first into three heads , which he then reduced to two , and at present he proposed to confine himself to one of them , reserv- 282 ing the second for future crimination ; and in urging this charge the hon . gent . had stated , that though it formed but one of the several heads of charge , it was impossible for the house to form a judgment upon it without considering the whole case . He had at the conclusion of his speech left out altogether the suspicion which he had so strongly urged in the preceding parts , of the participation of the noble lord in the profits that had accrued from the application of the public money to private speculations . With regard to this suspicion , if the hon . gent . thought that it was borne out by the Report , he ought not to have brought it forward with a view to giving a complexion to other matters of charge , but be made a separate ground of crimination . It was impossible that it should not be revolting to the feelings of every person connected with the noble lord , either by blood or by friendship , to have such a charge brought against him in such a way . For his own part , he was desirous that the house should look at the whole of the case , in all its circumstances and bearings , and then do , without delay , whatever the interest of the public , a just sense of their own duty , and the nature of the case may require . For this purpose , he thought the best course to pursue would be to refer the Report to a select committee , inasmuch as there were many points contained in it which required further explanation . The committee might be appointed previous to the recess , so as to proceed in the business without delay , and to be able , a short time after the holidays , to make their report to the house , upon which they might come to a decision on the whole case , according to the dictates of impartial justice , and a scrupulous regard to their duty . The hon . gent . had dwelt with much earnestness on the application of certain sums for the accommodation of other branches of the public service ; but in his own view of the question , the house was not in a situation to decide upon that transaction . Did the hon . gent . mean to say , that in judging of this transaction , the house was not to take into its consideration the motives , the circumstances , and the necessity of the transaction ? Was the house , knowing only the bare fact , that the application of the money in such a manner was a violation of the law , to decide upon its merits without taking into consideration whether any loss had arisen from it ? Whether the motives were justi- 283 fiable , wanton , or necessary ; whether the circumstances were such as to warrant a departure from the letter of the law , and what was the magnitude of the transaction ? It would not be necessary for him to argue the propriety of permitting such a latitude with Englishmen , or with persons of liberal and enlightened minds , for he was confident that all such would agree with him , that cases might occur when the circumstances under which such a transaction might take place would make it meritorious in the public officer to incur the heavy responsibility . This he stated , with a view to the stress that had been