did not blame the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) for being the friend of lord Melville , yet he could not but think it unfortunate , that he should be the person to move for a committee on the other subjects of enquiry . If the committee had been to be moved for by some gentleman near him—by any person ( he spoke in an abstract sense ) not on the treasury bench , he thought it would have been better , more creditable , and more effectual . When a minister , under whose administration all the mismanagement and peculation have taken place , has the mortification to find that the delinquent is not a person remote , but his own nearest and dearest colleague , he can not be the most proper person to move a committee to take cognizance of the malversations . He trusted the house would take care to have proper persons appointed in the committee . If that right hon . gent . had had the appointing of the five commissioners of naval enquiry , would they have the tenth report ? He hoped the gentlemen that should be appointed would discharge their duty . It was natural that in appointing them , the favourable opinion of the gentleman who names them of those who concurred with him in opinion , would lead him to appoint only such . They could not prevent such partiality , but they could promote the effect of the enquiry , by encouraging those who assisted , and reprobating those who thwarted or obstructed it , —He did not think that the enquiry should be restricted by the words of the amendment , but he submitted to his hon . friend , whether the motion for the prosecution might not be better postponed till after the committee shall have reported , and ascertained by their enquiry what persons have been connected with the delinquents . The right hon . the 406 Chancellor of the Exchequer had this day more openly than on any other occasion avowed his disapprobation of the conduct of the noble viscount , bnt he had also declared , that he did not look upon it as his duty to advise his majesty to any other step , unless the house , by a fresh decision , should make it necessary for him . This had raised his suspicion , and he thought it his duty to put the house on its guard . It had been , at different periods , customary to institute enquiries in that house ; which were never afterwards thought of . He alluded to the commitee that was appointed to enquire into the state of the finances , just after the first stoppage of the bank to pay in cash , which had never proceeded to any researches , though it was now well known what they might have discovered . He thought the subject of the highest importance , and hoped the house would look to it with that jealousy it deserved . explained . He said , that he wished to exclude no part of the enquiry , but that which might be made the subject of legal examination . If the order of the motions were inverted , and the second put first , it would answer all he wished . that he had no wish to do any thing inconsistent with justice . As , however , the principal object to the public in the appointing the committee , was the exposure of lord Melville 's participation in the peculation , he would rather allow the other motion , for an instruction to the Attorney-General , to lay over , and confine himself to the first motion . was of opinion that they could not with any propriety proceed at the time with a legal prosecution , and with farther enquiries , by a committee , and that , therefore , all legal proceedings ought to be delayed till the committee , now proposed to be appointed , should have made its report . He could certainly have no objection to the