whole conduct , though he highly commended many parts of it , and conceiving their re- 582 ports in many instances as going to censure persons non coram judice , he could not vote for the original motion , or even for its amendment . He did expect some person would have moved the previous question , for which he should have voted , conceiving it better to retain the approbation or disapprobation of the house until a future occasion , when the merits or demerits of the commissioners ' conduct would be fairly balanced . again rose , and said , though he approved the conduct of the commissioners , yet it had not yet been so scrutinized as to warrant a decisive vote upon it . Thinking , therefore , that both sides of the house should pause before they came to any decision , he concluded by moving the question of adjournment . ( of Norfolk ) thought the original motion of his hon . friend deserved the fullest concurrence of the house . There seemed to prevail on the opposite side of the house a singular degree of eagerness to get rid of the original motions . One member moved one amendment ; another suggested a second ; and a third urged the question of adjournment . But to his mind , the commissioners had done their duty as honest men ; by their vigilance and firmness a noble lord had been detected in peculation , malversation , and every species of misconduct that could degrade him . As a plain , honest man , he should give his cordial support to the original motion . desired , most unequivocally , to declare his most cordial approbation of the conduct of the commissioners . He never would wish to screen delinquency wherever it was to he found ; and if he were to vote otherwise than in the most hearty support or the original motion , he must vote in violation of his own feelings , and the principles which had uniformly guided his conduct to the best of his judgment : but though he fully agreed in general thanks and approbation of the conduct of the commissioners , yet he did not thereby mean implicitly to approve every thing they might have done . What they recommended , it would be for the judgment of the house to decide upon ; but in declaring general approbation of what they had done , the house would not bind itself to agree to every thing they recommended . Some trivial charges had been alledged against them : but , had any thing been said by them that did not mark zeal and ability ? For his own part , he was convinced that their conduct reflected the highest honour 583 upon them , and had produced the greatest benefits to their country . was glad to hear the sentiments expressed by the learned gent . who spoke last , and he most cordially concurred in them . was rather inclined to vote for the amendment . thought the commissioners did not only deserve the present thanks , but were also entitled to the best support of that house . It was well known that insinuations had been made , and reports industriously propagated , against them by persons in power , whose conduct , they had shewn , deserved dismissal from their offices . Reports had been laid upon the table of the house , clearly pointing out the contumacy and delinquency of many of those persons , and he should be glad to know what had been done towards bringing those persons to task . From those reports it also appeared that boards were still continued in authority , under whom the grossest peculations had been committed and connived at . If those boards were still continued , what security had the country that the same abuses would not be repeated ? He had heard of some gentlemen called on by those commissioners for necessary information in the line of their official duty , and yet refusing to answer , and , screening themselves under the