temper invited confidence and good will from every body to respect him . What he thought bad in conducting this petition was , that it should be introduced at this time by any interference or from any motive ; he thought it bad to risk the importance of the precedent , for though in such a case the precedent could not be repeated often enough to become a habit , still it was bad to familiarize the people of England to the circumstance of the house of commons putting a negative on any request from the catholic body of Ireland . He said , it was still worse to risk the importance , or it gentlemen chose , of the catholic body was exhibited in the house of commons , as the ally of a party . He said that the parties in the house of commons were fit only to contend with each other , that the catholic body should look to neither of them , and neither of them should look to the catholic body . The hon . gent . said , that for such reasons as these , and for others which might be mentioned , without entering into a religious or political disquisition of the question , he should concur with the right hon . gent . on the floor in declining to refer it to a committee . professed his determined support to the petition , 1031 and although he had hitherto generally supported the measures of the right hon . gent . opposite , yet as he had determined to resist this petition he could no longer augur favourably of his intentions towards Ireland and in conscience and in honour could no longer give him his support . He considered the stories Which some gentlemen had been pleased to tell that house , as gross calumnies ; meant to mislead them . He disclaimed the charge urged in the course of the debate , that this was a party measure . It was a measure involving the rights and liberties of several millions of his majesty 's loyal subjects ; and it Would be wantonly to sport with their feelings , that this measure should be considered merely as a measure of party . It was a claim that closely attached to the safety of Ireland . Martial law it had been thought necessary to proclaim in Ireland , and the habeas corpus act was there suspended . The hearts of the Irish people had been alienated by severities and oppressions ; and government deemed it impossible to carry on measures but by strength and coercion . But , if this measure was allowed to pass , such expedients would cease to be any longer necessary , and the mass of that brave and grateful people would present a firm an iron bulwark for the protection of this country against the designs of this enemy . ( member for Dublin ) spoke as follows : Although , sir , I wish I had not to address you on the subject before the house , yet I can not reconcile to my sense of public duty to give a silent vote upon the occasion ; nor , though that duty be painful , will I shrink from its open and manly performance . Intimately connected as I am with the prosperity of my native land , it must be expected that upon any question connected therewith , I shall give a sincere vote . Those who know me will believe that I shall do so this night , in honest accordance with my conscience , my judgment , and what I conceive to . be the Sense of my constituents . In Common cases , profession of principles and independence would only appear superfluous ; but , where prejudices are to be combated , and popularity is perhaps divided , I feel it not unnecessary to assert my complete independence , alike of ministerial influence and of popular clamour , should the one be supposed adverse , or the other favourable . to the prayer of the petition.— Having thus far trespassed on the