increased disgrace upon the fabricators He spoke as a man of candour , and he again hoped the gentlemen of England would not be led away by such foul calumny and Virulent abuse . said , as the subject was so much exhausted , he should not enter into the discussion at large , but rose only to justify if he could , the opinion on Which he should give his vote , and to advert to some Opinions which other gentlemen had given , and from which , very respectfully , and , Indeed , reluctantly , he confessed he must dissent In this he should avoid every thing which could irritate the catholics ; it was sufficient for him if his conviction compelled him to oppose their petition . He never would affront their feelings , which he neither wished nor was 1028 able to do . He said he should not be glad to have the ability to do it , and he should be ashamed to have the wish : but , it was with regret that he adverted to the opinion of a learned gentleman , opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) who , in answer to , what he Called the calumnies of the hon . and learned doctor 's speech yesterday , had said that the hon . doctor himself was a contradiction of those calumnies ; that they could not be true , and that the Irish were not of the sanguinary temper which had been misrepresented , was proved by the hon . and learned doctor 's walking the streets of this metropolis in safety . He said he would not call such an opinion as this a hint , for it was in truth , very broadly expressed , nor was it necessary to notice it , farther than by saying , it reminded him of a familiar and ludicrous story of the quaker and the mad dog . `` I will not beat thee nor kick thee , but I will turn thee out and give thee an ill name . '' He was sure , however , that the learned doctor would still continue to walk the streets in safety . He said , he could not agree with , the hon . gent . who introduced the petition ; and who had represented the Catholics ; as having given support to the union , and as having for that reason a right to claim the object of their petition . He said , on whatever ground their claims might be founded , they could not be founded on that , for it was well known the support they gave the union was a very poor one . He would tell the house what it was It would appear in three instances , which he would mention without any remark : first , however , wishing the house to recollect , that the public affairs of the catholics had been used for many years to be conducted by a select committee , consisting of gentlemen the most distinguished in the catholic body for their property , principles and talents , and in number about sixty , Of these the late lord Kenmare was at the head . A most amiable and respectable nobleman . Who was at the head of it know , He said , when the union was first proposed to the house of commons of Ireland , it was scarcely considered enough to be debated ; it was defeated ; for , though it was indeed carried through the house by the accidental majority of a single voice , this was defeat sufficient to induce the prudence of government to postpone it to the next session of parliament . On this occasion how did the catholics act ? It was an occasion so important that they could not have been indifferent to it , and must have had an opinion one way or the other ; but they kept aloof 1029 and kept silence , which might be interpreted either way ; they said nothing , and they did nothing , and this was the first