, that this measure and its consequences directly tend to the complete subversion of your constitution , which has been improving from the commencement of the reign of the glorious Elizabeth , till its attainment of its present unrivalled excellence ! under which you and your ancestors for two centuries have lived and flourished ; and which has descended as 899 an inheritance , during that period , in succession from father to son ! —The statute of the first of Elizabeth , enacting that all public officers shall take the oath of supremacy : that of the first of William and Mary , or the bill of rights , new-modelling the oath of supremacy , and extending the sphere of administration of that oath : the acts of the thirtieth of Charles II . ch . 2 , and the first of George I. ch . 13 , enacting , that no members shall sit or vote in either house of parliament , till he hath , in the presence of the house , taken the oaths of allegiance , supremacy , and adjuration , and repeated and subscribed the declaration : the act of the thirteenth of Charles II . called the test act requiring all public officers to take the above oaths , repeat and subscribe the declaration , and receive the sacrament of the Lord 's Supper according to the usage of the church of England : and the act of the twenty-fifth of Charles II . ch . 2 , called the corporation act , incapacitating all persons from being elected officers of any city or corporation , without their having within a twelve month previous to their election , received the Sacrament of the Lord 's Supper according to the usage of the church of England ; and also requiring them to take the above-mentioned oaths : —all these acts must be repealed ! all the fortifications , erected for the safety and preservation of our constitution in church and state for two centuries must be levelled with the dust.—Judge Blackstone , an able and constitutional lawyer of modern days , states , that the acts of Charles II . and George I. requiring all members of both houses to take the oaths , and repeat and subscribe the declaration , were enacted to prevent crude innovations in religion and government . The test and corporation acts he styles the bulwarks of the constitution , and states , that they were enacted to secure the established church against perils from non-conformists of all the denominations , among whom he particularly enumerates papists . ( See Blackstone 's Commentaries , vol . i. p. 158 , and vol . iv . p. 57 , 8vo . edit . ) —It is now time to advert to the conditions of union between England and Scotland , and between Great Britain and Ireland , which relate to the church establishment ; and to enquire whether the present measure can be adopted consistently with the conditions , and the preservation of the public faith.—In the act of union of England and Scotland , the fifth of Ann , ch . 8 , two acts of the respective parliaments of England and Scotland , 900 for the unalterable security of their respective church establishments , are recited : that of England being for effectually and unalterable securing the true protestant religion , professed and established by law in the church of England , and the doctrine , worship , discipline , and government thereof . The English acts of uniformity of Elizabeth and Charles II . and all other acts then in force ( among the rest , the thirtieth of Charles II . before-mentioned ) , for the preservation of the church of England are declared perpetual : and it is enacted , that every subsequent king and queen shall take an oath inviolably to maintain the same within England , Ireland , Wales , and the town of Berwick upon Tweed . And it is further enacted , that these two acts shall for ever be observed as fundamental and essential conditions of the union . On