not penalties , and the relaxation of those statutes would not be toleration . It would be an indulgence of a very different kind . And although I wish the Roman catholics should enjoy toleration in its full extent , that they should be subject to no penalties for any religious opinions which may be peculiar to them , to no restraint in the use of their own forms of worship among themselves ; yet I could not , without anxiety and apprehension , see a Roman catholic upon that woolsack , where -my noble and learned friend now sits , or on the bench of justice so worthily occupied by a noble and learned lord at my right hand . My lords , this petition goes this length . It prays , that a Roman catholic my be invested with the capacity of being any thing in the state , but king . Now , if there would be no danger the constitution , to admit a Roman catholic to be any thing but king , if this would be a safe thing to do , I confess it is beyond the powers of my mind to imagine upon what principle the act of settlement can be defended.— My lords , my mind is not yet brought to that modern liberality of sentiment , which holds it to be a matter of indifference to the state , of what religion the persons may be , who fill its highest offices . I hold , that there is danger to the state , When persons are admitted to high offices Who are not of the religion of the state , be it what it may . And I am ready to argue this very fairly ; I think in my conscience , that I myself , being a protestant , should have been a very unfit person to have held any high office under the old French government . My lords , the noble secretary of State , in the former night 's debate , argued this point of the inexpediency of admitting persons differing in religious persuasion front the state ; he argued it from the practice of antiquity , and he , argued justly . It certainly was the policy of all the states of antiquity , to require that persons in office in the state , should be of the established religion of the country I shall argue from the sad experience , which modern times afford , of the mischief of giving away to the contrary principle . Having said that I will argue from modern times , I may seem to be going somewhat back , if I mention the 797 French Hugonots . But they are an instance in , point . I will say , that the Hugonots were very bad subjects Roman catholic France . They became bad subjects in consequence of the extravagant indulgences , which , for a long series of years they were permitted to enjoy . They became at last so bad , that the French government was provoked to revoke those indulgences ; and the cruel persecution took place , which drove them from their country . The persecution was cruel , but it was the natural effect of impolitic indulgence ; and such indulgence may always be expected to terminate in such cruelty . Bat I rely chiefly on the events of much later times ; —of our own times . I ask , what was the real beginning and radical cause of that dreadful convulsion , which , at this moment , shakes all Europe ? What was the real beginning and first cause of the subversion of the ancient French government , and of the overthrow of the venerable Gallican Church ? Was it not the placing of Neckar , that protestant republican , at the head of the counsels of monarchical Roman catholic France ? —Now , my lords , if there be danger in admitting a protestant to any high part in a Roman catholic government , the danger certainly must be rather greater of admitting a Roman catholic to any high