I appeal to the petition on your table , which disclaims and abjures any such jurisdiction in temporal 1086 concerns , as great an extent as can be required . And what danger can arise to the country , from the circumstance of the catholic bishops being named by the pope , I am at a loss to conceive . It has been said they want to secure and monopolize for themselves all the great offices of power and of the state , and not only command your armies and fleets , but to be lord chancellors , judges , and privy counsellors . Why my lords , I appeal to the good sense of this house , whether it is probable that a protestant king , at the head of a protestant state , would chuse , as the keeper of his conscience , a Roman catholic chancellor ; of that he would exclude protestant judges from the bench , for the sake of preferring Roman catholics ? As well might it be said , that he would deprive of their revenues protestant bishops , in order to confer them on those of the catholic religion ; and I am confident , that reverend bench opposite me have no such apprehensions , even if this measure were now passed . With respect to commands in the army , supposing , as I do , the catholics , who would be likely to obtain them , are not only men of tried loyalty , but high honour and talents ; I see no reason why a catholic general or privy counsellor may not be as competent to render important services to a protestant king , as a protestant general or counsellor to a catholic monarch . My lords , was not the great Sully , first minister of the catholic prince Henry IV . a strict protestant , and was any incompetence or infidelity to his royal master imputed to him on that account ? Was not marshal Turenne , one of the bravest and ablest generals ever the catholic government had in its service , a strict protestant ? and were his services on that account less brilliant ? I might name many other instances equally illustrious , where the liberality of wise governments has risen superior to the low suspicions of bigotry , and scorned to hold that any man 's religious opinions should lead him to violate an high , sacred and honourable trust . Are there not in the empire of Germany many independent states , wherein no difference is made with respect to religion in conferring places or employments ? nay , are there not many towns and cities , where the catholics and protestants occupy the same churches , to celebrate their public worship , the catholics one-half of the day , the protestants the other ? Is it not the case throughout the United States of America , that every man is left to the religion he chuses to profess , 1087 and no idea of preference , or incapacity for employments in the state attached to one religion more than another ? And with respect to the apprehensions expressed , that if this measure passes , the protestants of Ireland will be ousted from the parliament , and all the seats filled by catholics , I ask , has it not been alleged even by the enemies of this measure , that nineteen-twentieths of the landed property of Ireland is in the hands of protestants , and must always command a proportionate share of electioneering influence ? How is this property to get out of their hands ? But so long as things remain in this state , I have no apprehension of violation to the constitution of Ireland from the admission of catholics to seats in either house of parliament . There were some allusions made to the causes of the late rebellion in Ireland ; and it was attempted to be shewn that it was a catholic rebellion . Now I do fully agree with the noble baron near me , ( lord Holland ) that religion had nothing to