. had adopted towards the militia for many years past , and contended that the bill would go to the ruin of that constitutional branch of our defensive force . It was calculated to ruin the militia by taking the gentlemen of landed property away from it , and destroying the confidence which the men now had in their officers ; it was also unjust in its operation on the public , as it occasioned an inequality of taxation on different classes of the people . rose for the purpose of entering his protest against the principle of this bill . He remained of the same opinion that he had formerly expressed . He agreed with the noble lord , that this bill would destroy the militia system , and in a manner the most unprincipled and insidious . It would lead to insubordination in the regiments , and was dangerous in a constitutional view , and unwise in a military one . One object he had in rising was , to take notice of the preamble . In that it was stated , `` whereas it is important that his majesty 's regular forces should be augmented . '' When , he asked , had this important discovery been made ? Was it not known at the passing of the act of last session , when the right hon . gent . told us to count months and weeks and days and hours , till such an augmentation could be obtained ? He contended , that the preamble of this bill ought to be , `` Whereas an act was passed last session for augmenting his majesty 's regular forces , which act had totally failed in its object , it is therefore necessary , that said act should be repealed . '' This he maintained was the language that ought to be employed , inasmuch as a bill that was to have produced 27,000 men had not produced a single 173 man to our infantry . This would have been telling the truth , and truth was a very good thing in an act of parliament . observed that there was a small objection to such a preamble , which was that it was contrary to the fact . said , that if the right hon . gent . meant to say that the preamble proposed by his hon . friend , was contrary to the fact , because it mentioned that the bill had not procured one man , he was certainly in the right , because it had certainly produced more than one . But to say that this bill was any thing else than a repeal of the former to a certain extent , was most certainly erroneous , because if this was not the case , what was the meaning of the boasting promises which were heard when the former bill was proposed ? Could the right hon . gent . not tell last year that such a bill as this would be necessary , notwithstanding his former measure ? This was a curious circumstance ; but the truth was , that it was then inconvenient to tell to any such thing . But he now found it out in the month of March . Was it because the recruiting of the army was at a stand ? Why he had not proposed it earlier in the session , he could not tell , unless it were because he did not choose to be the first to confess that his bill had failed . The men now to be raised , could not be perfect regular soldiers for some time , after the changed their service . But the plain truth was , that the right hon . gent . had so abused the incapacity of the last ministers that he found himself absolutely obliged to propose something new ; but his novelty had failed , and now came another of his temporary experiments ; and however civility might prevent the expressions of triumph from being too galling , yet when the colleagues of the right hon . gent . recollected and compared the