put into a paroxysm of rage and terror . Why did they do this ? Because there was nothing else to be done against them : it was for no other reason they passed that intolerable law , which put an end to their sitting the house of commons—You come now that part of the case which does not affect to diminish the power of the king , but to control the rights of the people . You go to the elector of Ireland , and you shall not elect a catholic . Upon what principal is it you conceive , that in a Roman 847 * catholic has mischievous project in his head , it can be defeated by keeping him out of parliament ? It has always been the objection to the test act , that two descriptions of protestants are in the house of commons . We know the dissenters do sit , and have become the most meritorious of any of its members . What is the objection to the catholics ? That they can not wish well to the church of England . Why , that is your argument against the dissenters . You do not deny the dissenters the privilege of sitting in parliament , though you say they do not approve the church establishment . But the practice is every thing . What would be the practical effect of the catholics having a seat in the house of commons ? Does any man believe , that if there were a total repeal of these restrictive laws , there would be twenty catholic members returned from Ireland to this house ? But I would take it according to the population of the country , and say , that there were four-fifths catholic . If , contrary to all the principles that govern elections , the mere population were the only thing to be considered , this would , perhaps , give about 80 members . Now the house consists of 658 members . Supposing it possible that 80 catholics were to be returned out of that number , though I do not think there would be more than twenty , could they he dangerous to the establishment of this country ? If the doctrine of virtual representation be well founded , would it not add to the true virtual representation of this country , if three-fourths of the representatives were catholics ? When people put the argument to extremes , and say , that this place is not represented , and that place is not represented , but that you have those in the house of commons who represent the whole community ; that the trading and commercial interests , and the military , naval , and learned professions , are all duly represented ; that you have the landed country gentlemen , statesmen and politicians , soldiers , sailors , merchants , lawyers—in fact , that you have a kind of virtual representation of all the people of the coutnry , —I deny it : you have not the representation of the Roman catholics—you want what you are afraid to have—you ought to desire what they pray for—you ought to have that complete virtual representation they offer you . I have been speaking for the public benefit—I now speak for the benefit of the catholics . You say to the people of Birmingham , Sheffield , and Manchester , it is true , you seed no members to the house of commons , but you have members of parlia- 848 * ment who fare connected with the commerce and manufactures of those places . It is true ; but still it is my wish to have a more direct representation . The fact is , the virtual representation is undoubtedly a vital principle in the constitution of the country . If any particular class of men are excluded , you have not a real virtual representation , in the sense the word representation ought to he understood , implying a sympathy and fellow feeling between the representative and the persons represented . The very substance of representation is , that the members of