the pretext of the catholic religion , and of fanatical priests , as the best fire-brands to throw among the people to rouse them to rebellion ; that their objects were the establishment of a republic independent of Great-Britain , and connected with , but not dependant upon France . A great proportion of the people in three of the provinces being catholics , of course the rebel ranks were filled with men of that persuasion.—The noble lord is wrong in stating , that where the rebel armies were strongest , it was in counties altogether catholic . The county of Wexford possessed great numbers of protestants , yet it was there the rebel troops were in the greatest force ; it was there the greatest enormities were committed ; it was there I witnessed catholic priests bearing in their hands the sacred banner of the cross , the emblem of the mildest of religions ; it was there I saw them lead the infuriated rabble to pillage , to destruction of property , and to the murder of the aged , the infirm , women , children , in short , what was most distinguished , what was lowest in the community . I will not shock your lordships ' ears by the disgusting recital . But the noble lord says it arose out of the unhappy circumstances of the country . I profess I do not understand what the noble lord means ; but if he wishes to convey the idea that the rebellion was produced by any oppression of the people , I must beg leave , with great respect to him , positively to deny it.—But the noble baron says , that the influence of the Pope over the priesthood can be no objection ; he asks , do we think the pope is more hostile to us now than in those times in which we were at war with the Bourbon family ? I certainly do not think he is . On the contrary , he can not but wish well to any nation that opposes Gallic tyranny . But I think , nay I am certain , that the pope is the miserable poppet of the usurper of the throne of the Bourbons , that he dare not move but by Napoleon 's command ; and , should he order him to influence the Irish priests to rouse their flocks to rebellion , he could not refuge to obey the despot . I ground this opinion his holiness being forced to anoint the usurper of the throne of the eldest sons of the church , from whose family she had derived most of her possessions . I ground this opinion upon the unfortunate old man being obliged to call upon the very respectable French bishops in this country , who had left all 727 for conscience sake , to forget the solemn oaths they had sworn to the princes of the Bourbon race ; and to take others to support tyranny and usurpation.—But the noble baron says , that if you admit catholics to seats in parliament , their numbers in both houses must ever be so small , that no danger can possibly occur to our present establishments : I agree with the noble lord , that as long as there is a protestant king on the throne , there is little danger that any danger can accrue from their numbers in this house ; but I positively assert , that , in the other house , it is possible that their numbers might be considerable . The present representation of Ireland is almost altogether sent to parliament by popular elections . Since the right of voting has been granted to catholics , the manufacture of freeholders has thriven so rapidly , that there is now scarcely a peasant who does not swear himself possessed of a forty shilling freehold . The numbers of the catholics has been allowed by all sides.—It will be conceded to me , I am persuaded , that the catholics have hitherto acted in a body : why have they done so ? Because they had common objects