say , that lord Melville did not exert his influence in that country , in a particular instance , which had been alluded to by an hon . gent . near him . He would ask that hon . gent . or any other member of the house , to step forward and say that lord Melville had not exerted all his political influence , and in consequence had succeeded in turning off from a post of honour in the faculty of advocates , a gentleman who was an honour and an ornament to his profession . He trusted the time was 366 not far distant when Scotland would be able to shake off the yoke of the noble lord , and to vindicate the insult which had , through his means , been offered to one of the most learned and best beloved men in the country . ( Mr. William Dundas ) said , that he did not expect that he should have felt himself called on to make any to make any observations in the course of agitating the present question . He was aware that it would shew very bad taste in him to interfere , and therefore it was not his intention to have done so . Here , however , he felt himself called on by the hon . gent . who had just sat down . How had the hon . gent . found out that lord Melville was a bitter political adversary ? Was it by going to his country mansion , and dwelling with him for weeks or months at a time , by mixing in his convivial moments , that he had acquired that knowledge ? Had the hon . gent . only gone to the noble lord in his moments of conviviality , now to rise up against him in the hour of his need , when the hon . gent . was not called on , when , in fact , it was in a manner understood that the motion was to be withdrawn , and that only for the sake of introducing extraneous observations and allegations against him ? On such conduct he knew he needed to make no comment . He was conscious that the generous feelings in the breasts of Englishmen would speak more forcibly against such a practice than any thing he could say . With respect to the gentleman who had been deprived of the office of dean of the faculty of advocates , the case had been altogether misrepresented . What was the fact ? That gentleman 's attending a meeting of the friends of the people in Edinburgh , when democratic principles were attempted to be disseminated throughout the country ; his conduct excited the indignation of the advocates , and animated by the esprit du crops , as he might call it , they unanimously concurred in depriving that gentleman of an office , of which there was no former instance of exclusion . begged leave to remark , that whatever had fallen from his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Kinnaird ) , had been extorted by the remarks of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) . thought that the right hon . gent . had effectually displayed his bad taste in attacking him in the manner he had done . Was he to be reproached with ingratitude or any improper feeling , because living in 367 the same county with lord Melville , no stranger to lord Mellville 's agreeable convivial qualities , he had occasionally mixed in company with him , and had even been pleased with his society ; he had now , when called on by his parliamentary duty , discharged that duty with fidelity , though to the exposure of any thing blameable in lord Melville 's conduct ? The hon . gent . begged pardon of the house for noticing this indecent reproach which had been thrown out against him . In doing so , he meant only to put himself right with the house , without any regard whatever to the right hon . gent .