great cry of go on ! go on ! go on ! ) —The question was put by the lord Chancellor for the adjournment , and from the voices , the non-contents were declared to have it , and the house was about to proceed to a division , but did not divide . The debate was then resumed , and rose and spoke as follows : —My lords , exhausted by the excessive heat of the house , and by the very late hour to which the debate has been protracted , I own I regret that the proposed adjournment did not take place . Your lordships , however , will derive one advantage from my wearied state of mind and body , that I am totally unable to trespass for any length of time on your patience , I protest , with the utmost sincerity , that I was desirous to reconcile it to my feelings to give my vote on the present question , without addressing your lordships . The subject under consideration is one , to a person who thinks as I do , highly unpleasant to discuss , and to an Irishman , for many reasons not necessary to allude to now , it is one of peculiar awkwardness ; I could not , however , satisfy myself to remain behind the shield of silence , lest my doing so should be construed into timidity or want of decision.—From much of what has fallen from several noble lords who have spoken in this debate , I am almost led to imagine that I have passed the greater part of my life in a dream ; that Ireland , where I was born , and where I resided so many years , was not the kind of country I had considered it to be , and that all that had there passed before my eyes : was merely a vision . The noble baron who opened the debate was pleased , in the beginning of his speech , to state , that the petitioners had suffered from party violence and party prejudice . I own I am at a loss to understand what the noble lord means ; does he mean 721 that the petitioners have suffered such violence and prejudice from their own parliament , now no more ? If he does , I , having been a member of that parliament for many years , can not help stating that the noble lord has so far been grossly misinformed : I am persuaded , from his known can-dour , that he would not have made such an assertion , had he not been strongly assured of its truth . What , my lords , do the Irish catholics mean to say that they have suffered from party violence and party prejudice from their own parliament ? Turn over the volumes of the acts of that parliament since the year 1782 , and you will in them find one continued chain of indulgences , relaxations , grants of privileges , and admission of political rights , till at last little indeed was left to bestow . This assertion of suffering from party , however , explains a circumstance in the late transactions , which , I acknowledge , has considerably puzzled me . I was at a loss to conceive why Englishmen , almost unacquainted with Ireland , were selected by the Irish catholics to present their in both houses of parliament . Were there no two of them on whom they could rely , no from whose party prejudice and violence they had not suffered ? —With great respect to the noble lords who have spoken , I can not help thinking that much of what has fallen from them might well have been omitted . What was the necessity of painting the wretched and degraded state of Ireland during the long and gloomy period it suffered under the long of the penal and restricting statues ? That time , thank God , has long passed away , and I think it would be more consonant to that temper and moderation which the noble