the practice was unjustifiable ; but the circumstance that no loss had been sustained , was a strong ground of presumption that no great hazard had beep incurred , and again , a more favourable circumstance was that no payment had been delayed . Under all these circumstances , as there were many points in the matter of the Report which required considerable further explanation and elucidation , the house would , he trusted , be persuaded of the expediency of the course he had proposed ; and when the variety of the matter of which the Report was composed was taken into consideration , it would be admitted to be the duty of any member to point out any error or inaccuracy that he 285 might discover . The commissioners had stated , that various sums had come into the bank of Messrs. Coutts , which had not been procured by draft on the bank , and they had supposed that these consisted of sums for other services in transitu , applied in this way . One million had been particularly specified . But that million had been brought directly from the bank to the house of Messrs. Coutts , by one of the forms of draft prescribed by the statute , and the whole of it had been issued thence , in the course of a few days , to take up navy bills then due . So that this was one instance of an error , on which they had rested much , and which being capable of being thus satisfactorily explained , proved the necessity of further investigation . The sums that had been vested in Messrs. Coutts had been neither lodged there for the benefit of the treasurer of the navy or of the navy paymaster , but in the course of business ; and this was another error of the Report ; for the same practice prevailed at present of drawing in gross for the multiplicity of small payments , instead of drawing all the small sums in detail . The act of parliament directed no such drafts for small sums , but for sufficient sums to enable the paymaster , from day to day , to issue the necessary sums to the sub-accountants , so that the balances in hand appeared not to contravene the law , but to be in direct conformity with it , and necessary for the management of the business of the office . The question , therefore , was , whether more had been issued than was necessary , and whether an expence to the public had been the consequence ? The house was aware that no . money was issued to the treasurer of the navy , but on memorial from the different boards , and that consequently the treasurer could have no power of increasing the issue to him . The right hon . gent . here described the operation by which the treasurer of the navy drew money from the bank , and proved thence that it was nut in his power on any occasion , or under any circumstances , to draw for more than the occasions of the different boards required . There was no ground , therefore , in reason for the supposition apparently entertained by the commissioners , that the treasurer had such a power , neither was there any foundation for it in fact . It was important to see what they had stated as to the fact ; and this would afford another reason for instituting the inquiry he proposed . 286 The balances in the hands of the paymaster were for two purposes , to advance from day to day to the sub-accountants , and to have the means of satisfying assignments , outstanding to a considerable amount , for which the parties had a right to demand immediate payment . The hon . gent . could have no difficulty in admitting that the transaction , so far as these assignments went , was solely between the commissioners and the individuals ; and it appeared that the sums in the hands of the paymaster and sub-accountants , in