the innocence or culpability of sir A.Hamond , that was also a question foreign to the present enquiry , and would , no doubt , be a subject of future discussion . If there existed any feeling on the mind of a single individual in that house , which attached the smallest suspicion to the character of the noble earl who had been so often named in this debate , he hoped the matter would be investigated with the utmost industry , and he ( Mr. Fox ) was fully convinced the enquiry would terminate in a way most honourable to his lordship . was surprised to hear hon . gentlemen disavow that there was a design to stifle information when a motion was proposed to expunge the order for the perusal of the paper . With regard to the assertion that what lord St. Vincent said implied he knew nothing of the transaction , in this he must persevere . He did not say what his lordship 's intention was , but he ( Mr. Pitt ) would 481 repeat , that the natural impression from the papers was , that the noble earl knew nothing of the affair . But in order to remove any doubt on a matter that appeared to him so plain , he would read the question and answer from the report : —Q . `` It appearing that 1400l . was advanced by Messrs. Hammersley and Co. between the 18th of Feb. and the 21st of April , 1804 , for a secret service , was the comptroller of the navy authorised by you to perform a secret service , or have you any knowledge of the transaction ? '' —A . `` He was not ; nor have I any knowledge of the transaction . '' —His lordship might mean that he was not officially apprized of it , but the common impression would be , that he had no knowledge of the transaction regarding that secret service . This was the conclusion he drew , and he believed most persons had deduced on the perusal of the report . said , the right hon . gent . had been guilty of wilful misrepresentation — [ a cry of order ! ] . The chancellor of the exchequer rose with much warmth . The speaker felt it his duty to inform the honourable gentleman , that the expression he had made use of was not justifiable . Mr. Grey said , he was sorry that any improper expression should have escaped him in the warmth of the moment . He contended that there was no evidence of any disposition to stifle enquiry ; on the contrary , he had expressly declared his desire that every document that could aid the defence of the hon . baronet , or any attack to be made on lord St. Vincent , should be produced , only wishing to regulate the manner in which such documents ' should be allowed to go forth . He contended , that the questions put to earl St. Vincent were only relative to the application of the money . stated , that what he had said , was , that there had been an attempt to stifle these papers , and he said so still . was now called upon from all sides . He stated , that the object of the questions put to earl St. Vincent related solely to the apparent irregularity in the application of the money . When his lordship answered that he knew nothing of it , his lordship was then asked whether it might not have been applied to the stone expedition ? He answered , it could not , because there was no authority for such an application , the money for the stone expedition being to come from the treasury . thought it extraordinary that this explanatory question and the answer to it were omitted in the report . said , the question was asked for the purpose of assisting his lordship 's memory . The same general negative being given , it was thought unnecessary to insert the question in the