the City of London a party cry ? Were the meetings all over the kingdom a party cry ? Was the vote of the house of commons , supported by the independent spirit of its speaker , a party cry ? It ought to be known , that the time was at hand , when it was necessary to encourage the friends of the state , by the loud voice of the people . The gent . on his side of the house did not challenge the individuals proposed for the committee without cause . They distinctly said , no one holding a place under the crown , is a proper person to examine the conduct of the first lord of the treasury . They said , a person like the noble lord , who had since the union acted with the minister , went out with him , came again into office with him , and remained to open a back door for the right hon . gent . 's admission , is not a fit man to be employed on such an occasion . Perhaps , the irœ amantium , of which gentlemen had heard within these few hours , rendered him , 522 if possible , yet more objectionable . Could it then be said ( he would repeat the question ) that no cause was shewn for the challenge ? It was extremely suspicious , that the first person proposed by his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , being a partizan of the ministers , should be resisted , and the proposition for the ballot immediately succeed . The right hon . gent . said , `` shall I be stripped of my friends ? Is no person in office , no one connected with me to appear in the committee ? '' It was not required that no colleague in place should be on the committee , but it was demanded , that the members should not be pestered with treasury lists . Could the right hon . gent . not trust to the league of private affection ? And if his confidence were deficient there , could he not repose in the expectation , that , for the many favours received , and the many more in reversion , his connections would not be unmindful of his security ? It was not fair to say , the exclusion , on some important occasions , of persons in place , was unknown to our law ; this was the case under the circumstance of appointing committees on delinquency in the East Indies . Who brought in the bill by which this was enacted ? Lord Melville . This was the public reformer who was so lately libelled by the house of commons ; this was the man who was chairman of the committee , and who prosecuted the unfortunate delinquents with extraordinary severity . But this was not an Indian delinquent , it was the person advanced to the head of the king 's government . How much more expedient then was it , that this great officer of state , if guilty , should not be protected by the companions in his crimes ? The right hon . gentleman forgot himself . He ( Mr. Sheridan ) told him he was himself upon his trial , but he replied , that there was no charge , no report against him . The right hon . gent . prescribed three things , which the committee were to try , and it was extremely unlucky that in all three he himself was implicated . The first was , if he had authentic information of the purpose for which the money was drawn out ( that was , if the first lord of the treasury had such intelligence of the proceeding of lord Melville and Mr. Trotter ) . The second was , if the money was withdrawn for the purposes for which it was voted , and applied to the delicate services which had been adverted to . It was curious to see a person put on the 523 committee , of whom it