the bill , he did not think it necessary to go into it at so much length as otherwise he should have felt it his duty.—The noble lord opposite , ( lord G. Cavendish ) had objected to the clause relating to such legacies as were left to absolute strangers ; but surely no part of the bill could be considered less obnoxious than that . In this case the advantage was unexpected , and it was natural to suppose that persons under this impression would part , without much reluctance , with such a portion of it as the tax required , and at any rate their claims to it must be considered much less strong than in other cases it would be . The attack which had been made direct legacies , he conceived to have proceeded from misapprehension , or a very partial view of the subject . Much had been said of its falling heavy on the younger children of a family , but when gentlemen used this language they seemed to forget that the tax was very trifling in itself—not more than one for a hundred . Suppose a father should wish to leave to a younger child a legacy of 5000l . it would be easy for him to add 50l . to this sum for the payment of the tax , and so in proportion with any other sum , taking the addition from what would have otherwise belonged to the eldest , so that in this case the younger branches of the family are completely exempted , and the tax comes from a quarter that is best able to bear it . An hon . gentleman had supposed , that in order to evade the tax a father might be induced to leave the provision of the younger part of his family to the generosity of the oldest , but of the two alternatives he thought the one he had just mentioned the most likely to be adopted . It had been objected also to the measure , that it affected the provision made for a family at the death of the father , while any settlement made during his life was exempted . The object of the measure was certainly not to affect transactions , though the propriety of such a measure might open a wide field for discussion , but transactions were in many instances taxed ad valorem . It was urged that it would fall heavy on the landed part of the community , as it might be necessary often to dispose of the legacy , in order to 93 be able to pay the tax ; but a landed proprietor might always find some savings from which he could annex to the legacy the sum necessary to pay the duty . The monied man in this respect , could be no loss , and even suppose the landed man had not the means of leaving the ready money for the purpose he had mentioned , the 50l . he still supposes the legacy at the value of 5,000l . could be raised by insurance at not more than 30s . or 40s . a year , according to the age of the person insuring . On the whole the right honourable gentleman did not think that objections that had been stated , ought to make any impression on the house , to the prejudice of the bill . observed , that if he was disposed to enter at large into the bill before the house , the speech of the right honourable gentleman furnished him . argument enough to prove the injustice of the tax . The general heir of landed property was exempt from its operation , whilst personal property was subject to it . He did not disapprove of the exemption , but he must say , that a direct tax on capital ( as this was ) would necessarily discourage that enterprising spirit in commerce which was so essential to its extension . He considered the tax also objectionable in a mixed monarchy like ours , in which the Aristocracy constituted one of the branches