discord and insurrection , though of the best abilities , and with the best intentions , possessing , too , every advantage of local information , and so far qualified to form the most accurate opinions , can scarcely claim that other indispensable qualification of a judge , impartiality : their having been interested spectators of the scene , perhaps actors in it , incapacitates them in a great degree for determining as correctly as we may not unreasonably hope to do , with fewer opportunities of observation.—But to apply myself more directly to the argument of the first gentleman I have alluded to , I would remark that it puts an eternal veto on the proposition before us . While catholics remain such , they must , according to him , necessarily be kept in this state of suspicion and degradation ! —and why ? —because `` the religion is unsafe , and its principles are immutable . '' It is unsafe , because it does not permit complete allegiance to a protestant sovereign , and destroys all the validity of those tests by which confidence is secured , and truth ascertained among men . These allegations , however , the catholics deny ; they deny that they hold all the antiquated and absurd notions , which from the musty records of ages long since past , and councils almost forgotten , the hon . gentleman would fix upon them , for no better reason than the pretension of the furnish church to be not only universal , but immutable.—I know , sir , as well as that gentleman , that she has preferred this claim ; I , too , have histories of councils and collections of decrees ; but I also know that to be unchangeable belongs not to man , nor to his best modelled institutions , far less 954 to those which vainly , attempt to contravene the laws of nature . Nothing sublunary is permanent but those impressions stamped by the Creator on the human heart , which teach us to expect gratitude and love as the general consequences of benefits conferred , and discontent as the equally certain result of oppression : `` If this fail , The pillar 'd firmament is rottenness , And earth 's base built on stubble : but it can not fail ; nor can those reasonings be just , which assume that theoretical dogmas will , in the mind of man , for ever predominate over just and generous sentiments , over every feeling of integrity and truth . And this , sir , naturally leads me to that point in which the catholics appear to have met with treatment peculiarly uncandid and severe . Objections on the subject of oaths are taken against them , if not contradictory , at least inconsistent . If , from a regard to conscience , they refuse to renounce opinions which appear to them purely religious , they are instantly loaded with the imputation of disloyalty ; from which , on the other hand , no protestations are allowed to relieve them , because they are affirmed to be men whom `` oaths can not bind . '' If this be the case , sir , let the legislature be consistent ; if catholics be thus incapable of being bound by moral obligations , if they be unsusceptible of any other restraints but those imposed by violence , let the penal statutes be re-enacted , or at least , let us consider whether it be worth while to keep in forced subjection such an irreclaimable race . But is this character justly ascribe to them ? on the contrary , do they not protest against these imputations , and has not their conduct justified their denial ? Have not thousands since the revolution endured heavy restraints and severe penalties , rather than take oaths which their principles for bad ? Why , in our own days , have such multitudes of priests relinquished their property and their homes to avoid oaths which , if it were innocent to have evaded by a dispensation , it must have been even meritorious