See whether you can conduct your empire on any other principle . The better to illustrate this , and in order to ascertain the principles of your empire , survey its comprehension , computing your West Indies , and your eastern dominions . England has now , with all deference to her moderation , a very great proportion of the globe . On what principle will she govern that proportion ? On the principles on which Providence governs that and the remainder . When yon make your dominions commensurate with a great portion of her works , you should make your laws analogous to her dispensations . As there is no such thing as exclusive Providence , so neither , considering the extent of your , empire , should there be such a thing as an exclusive empire , but such an one as accommodates to peculiar habits , religious prejudices ; prepossessions , & c. & c. You do not , in your dispatches to your generals , send the thirty-nine articles : you know the bigot and conqueror are incompatible ; Lewis XIV found it so . You know that no nation is long indulged in the exercise of the two qualities— 935 bigotry to proscribe at home , ambition to disturb abroad . Such . was your opinion when you established popery in Canada ; I do not speak of Corsica— such your opinion when you recruited for the foot in Ireland . It was in the American war this practice began : then you found that the principle of exclusive empire would not answer , and that her test was not who should say her prayers , but who should fight her battles . On the same principle the Irish militia , which must be in a great proportion catholic , stands ; and on the same principle the Irish yeomanry , who must be in a considerable proportion catholic , stands ; and on the same principle you have recruited for the navy in Ireland , and have committed your sea thunder to catholic hands . Suppose in Egypt the general had ordered the catholics to go out of the ranks ; or if , in one of your sea-fights , the admiral had ordered all the catholics on shore , what had been the consequence ? It is an argument against the proscriptive system , that if adopted practically , in navy or army , the navy and army and empire would evaporate . And shall we now proclaim these men , or hold such language as the member , language , which , if he held on the day of battle , he must be shot ; language for which , if a catholic , he must be hanged ; such as you despised in the case of Corsica and of Canada , in the choice of your allies , in the recruiting your army and your navy , whenever your convenience ; whenever your ambition , whenever your interest required . Or let us turn from the magnitude of your empire to the magnitude of its danger , and you will observe , that whereas Europe was heretofore divided in many small nations of various religions making part of their civil policy , and with alliances influenced in some degree and directed by those religious distinctions , where civil and religious freedom were supposed to be drawn up on one side , and on the other popery and arbitrary power , so now the globe has been divided anew . England and France , you have taken a first situation among mankind ; you are , of course , excluded from a second : Austria may have a second situation , Prussia may have a second , but England seems to have linked her being to her glory , and when she ceases to be of the first she is nothing . According to this supposition , and it is a supposition which I do not frame , but find in the country , the day may not be very remote when you will have to fight for being , and far