he hoped and wished , he should feel very uneasy indeed that his name should partake of the universal odium that must attach to any decision tending to second such notorious delinquency as the report on the table declared . He could never reconcile it to his mind to be silent upon such an occasion , lest he should be suspected of declining to mark with the strongest reprobation , guilt 310 of a nature so glaring , that any man who gave it the sanction of his vote , or attempted to protect it from punishment must be viewed in the light of an accomplice , or one at least disposed to become the accomplice of similar transactions . Before he would proceed to the merits of the charges under consideration , he thought it proper to notice the arguments of the gentlemen on the other side , not because he considered those arguments possessed of any intrinsic force , but lest from the authority of the persons from whom they proceeded they might have the effect of leading the house to a decision , which , if it should correspond with the wishes of those by whom such arguments were used , must destroy its character with the country and with all Europe . The first gentleman with whom he would begin was the last who spoke . That learned gent . directed the whole of his observations to shew that the house should go into a committee in order to ascertain whether the breach of the act of parliament , not of which lord Melville stood charged , but of which he confessed himself guilty , proceeded from corrupt motives . If corruption consisted merely in a man putting money into his own pocket , according to the vulgar conception , perhaps some of the deductions of the learned gent . would be right . But he would contend that nothing could be more corrupt , in his opinion , than to permit a man 's own agent to convert the money of others to his own private emolument . This was the amount of lord Melville 's confession ; and although it might be possible , from a further examination , to prove the noble lord more guilty , it did appear to him utterly impossible to prove him less so . For the most conclusive evidence of the noble lord 's corruption , he would only refer to that paragraph in the report , in which the noble lord stated , that although he knew his agent Trotter was applying the public money to other purposes than that for which it was legally intended , that he did not prohibit him from doing so . What was that , he would ask , but complete corruption , even taking the case simpliciter ; but combining it with other circumstances , could any man entertain a doubt upon the subject of his guilt ? What greater aggravation of his delinquency in tolerating the breach of his own act of parliament could be imagined than allowing his agent to misapply the public money , for the safe custody of which that act was intended ? But it is pretended that no loss had accrued to the public from this 311 malversation , and a very singular argument was advanced , that as there was no loss there was no risk . Now , said the hon . gent. , it unfortunately happened in certain parts of my life , which I do not quote with a view to recommend my example to others , that I was in the habits of engaging in certain speculations which are commonly called gaming . If a man should , in that kind of speculation , win a large sum of money , I am sure that an argument would not thence arise that he had made no risk . I rather think the natural inference would be that his risk was considerable . Probably however , in this case , lord Melville did take care that Trotter should not lose any money . Trotter was the confidential agent of lord