in words the strong opinion which he had of his merits . He thought that the charges against him were of a very serious nature , first , that he had defrauded the public , and then ( he was almost ashamed to state it ) made use of a false document to screen himself . This appeared to him certain , that a very partial investigation bad been made , and very arbitrary proceedings adopted against the hon . baronet , and then that he had been refused permission to attend , and denied the opportunity to prove his innocence . Whether this was the ordinary practice , he had yet to learn . But if it was not , the persons who had begun it deserved the severest censure . He would vote for this motion , not because he thought that there was a case made out against the hon . officer ; on the contrary , he not only was of opinion that he was innocent , but that his conduct was meritorious , but because he thought that many other points in these papers required investigation . observed , that as it was likely the house would come to an unanimous vote for the appointment of the committee , he should just remark , that he did so under the impression of similar sentiments with those so forcibly delivered by the hon . member who spoke last . There was nothing contained in those papers from which any imputation of guilt could be drawn against the gallant officer ; but , on the contrary , there was much that tended 644 to shew great and exemplary merit . His merits , he knew , were not confined to that particular service , but had been displayed an other occasions . The papers were so numerous , complicated , and detailed , that they could not be advantageously discussed but in a committee , when it would be proper also to consider other collateral matters . There were various points respecting the admiralty and navy boards , and the short examination of one single witness to which their attention might be directed . There was likewise the circumstance of the publication of the report from one board to another . The loss of the vouchers was a matter fit for enquiry , as well as the singular manner in which an English subject , an officer of the navy , had been impressed . He should forbear entering into details ; but all these matters deserved examination , and those points should be left open to the committee , for their report to the house . As the motion was worded , it did not embrace enough for this purpose , but only respected the repairs of the Romney and Sensible . He should suppose there would be no objection to an amendment to this effect : — '' That the committee should examine the matters of the repairs of the Romney and Sensible , and the proceedings of the admiralty and navy boards , and commission of naval enquiry thereon , and also enquire into the circumstances of the unauthorised publication of Feb. 20 , 1804 ; the loss of the vouchers ; and the circumstances of impressing Mr. David Evan Bartholomew ; and report to the house , with such observations as arise to them from the consideration of the whole . '' objected to the word unauthorised , and the chancellor of the exchequer agreed to the omission of it . ( of Poole ) said , that the hon . officer , in what he had that night so clearly and eloquently stated , had convinced his mind that he had discharged the important and arduous duty entrusted to him , in such a manner as reflected the highest honour on his zeal , his talents , and his perseverance , and he was happy in the opportunity of paying this small tribute to his merits . He thought , from every thing that he had observed , that the hon . officer was a highly oppressed man . The charges against