journeymen had refused to work without an increase of wages ; that their demands were exorbitant , and a compliance with them would be destructive of the trade ; and therefore praying , as the only means of counteracting the evil , that they might be allowed to take a greater number of apprentices , and for shorter periods , than they were at present allowed by law.—Ordered to lie on the table.—The Sugar Drawbacks bill was read a 3d time.—The report of the Exchequer Bills bill was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a 3d time.—The report of the Irish Spirits Warehousing bill was agreed to.—A copy of the commission , appointing John duke of Athol governor of the Isle of Man , was presented.—Lord J. Thynne 's Indemnity bill was read a second time , committed , and ordered to be engrossed.—The Irish Sugar Drawbacks bill went through a committee , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Fox stated , that he should , on Monday next , present a petition to the house from the Roman Catholics of Ireland . It was not , he said , necessary for him to give this notice , but he thought it respectful to the house to suggest his intention . —Upon the order of the day being moved for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the Irish Excise Duties bill , said , he hoped the right hon . gent . who had given notice of his intention to bring forward a plan for the reduction of the militia , would allow the Irish Tax bills to be postponed . It was of importance they should undergo some discussion ; hitherto they had undergone none . They had been brought in on Saturday , not usually a day of business , and read a second time on Monday , on a national festival . However the national Saint might protect the country from venomous animals , it was plain he had no power of protecting against tax bills . Acts of parliament might as well be passed by acclamation , as with a degree of precipitation which precluded discussion . He had expressed his intention of opposing one or two of the tax bills , but had hitherto had no opportunity . observed , that on a day for which any hon . member had given notice of a motion , it was usual to waive the other orders . expressed 48 his intention of deferring his motion respecting the reduction of the militia till Thursday next . rose , and spoke as follows : Sir , in pursuance of the notice I gave some time since , I shall now submit a motion to this house respecting Mr. Fordyce ; a gentleman who , by various documents of parliament , appears indebted to the public in a very large sum of money , and of a very long standing ; and who likewise appears by a commission lately issued by the crown , and a copy of which now lies upon your table , to be one of five commissioners appointed for the purpose of carrying into execution most important reforms in the department of the navy , which have been suggested by the parliamentary commissioners appointed by this house to examine into those subjects . The first object I have in view is an inquiry into the circumstances of Mr. Fordyce 's debt ; into the engagement he has entered into for the discharge of it ; into the security the public have for its final payment ; and into the causes that have hitherto delayed its liquidation ; and , with reference to these points , I will shortly state to the house the history of Mr. Fordyce 's debt to the public , as I collect it from the different documents of parliament . The house knows , that by an act of parliament passed in the year 1780 , certain commissioners were appointed for the purpose of examining the public accounts of the kingdom , and for other salutary purposes of reform .