household , I never was in his house , I never wish it , and I never will be in it ; but , my lords , I do know . that in my own house , in the houses of the protestant gentlemen around it , intermixed and surrounded by Catholics , and in one of the most catholic counties in Ireland ( Kilkenny ) catholic and protestant servants live together like brothers . The noble lord has , stated , that in Dublin-a protestant servant can not get employment in a protestant family , on account of the combination formed against him by catholic servants . In all my intercourse in Dublin , during a very long residence there , much longer indeed than that of the noble lord , I never once Beard any such thing . The only complaint I ever recollect to have heard on this point was , that protestant servants enough could not be had to supply protestant families who had a predilection for such servants—that class of the people in Ireland being by much the greater part catholic . From the tenor of the speech spoken by that noble and learned lord on a former night , and the weight with which every statement respecting the country where he presides in a situation so eminent , must fall under the sanction of his grave authority , I own I did expect this motion would have met , this night , the most viru- 773 lent opposition from the right revered bench opposite to me . But , unlike the noble lord , nothing has fallen from that quarter but the most calm , decorous , and moderate arguments so truly characteristic of the tolerant spirit and charitable principles of that established religion over which they so worthily preside . But from the noble lord , instead of a most legal , liberal , enlightened , and argumentative speech , becoming the gravity of his character , what have we heard ? A collection of old womens ' stories , which I do verily believe not even the most prejudiced protestant in Ireland this day would accredit . I have been in Ireland the greater part of my life . I have repeatedly travelled through , and had intercourse with the protestant gentlemen from every quarter of it , and never , in the course of my life , did I hear such statements as those made by the noble lord ; and not one of them which will , I am sure , be avouched by any independent man in this house . I hope when the noble and learned lord returns to that bench , on which he presides over the public justice of Ireland , he will divest himself of that violent antipathy towards one sect of the people , and that obvious partiality for another , which he has so conspicuously evinced in this house . My lords , I most cheerfully support the motion before you , convinced as I am of its sound policy , its wisdom , and its justice . said , he had no scruple in giving it as his opinion that the existence and full security of the established church was in no way involved in this measure , that whenever it was adopted there could be no possible ground for thinking of repealing any part of the act of settlement , or , as had been mentioned , the 5th article of the act of union ; that he fully approved of the terms of the petition on the table ; that he saw with satisfaction the reasonable and moderate principles entertained by those on whose part it had been presented ; and that he had no doubt that in due time and at a fit opportunity their claims would have their proper weight with all who valued the principles the British constitution , and who in consequence wished that its blessings should be perpetuated and extended . He argued that though vulgar outcry and popular clamour should never influence the conduct of that house , yet it could not be maintained