, no influence can screen a public malefactor ? and that the man who would abuse his trust , and misapply the hard earnings of the people , can not be screened from the justice of the country ? When you have established this character , as I hope and trust you will this night , you may carry on the contest as long as you may think it necessary for your honour or your safety ; but , if the amendment be adopted , you will incur a very different opinion . I put it to you , whether it will be considered as a mode to ascertain the innocence of a man , who stands convicted upon his own oath , or a stratagem to shelter him from punishment by delay ? I can make great allowance for private friendship . I am sure , however , it is the sentiment of the house that lord Melville can not be defended ; for I observe that not one gentleman has arisen this night to speak for him , but such as have been his colleague in office . I can not find fault with that friendship ; but sure I am , that if they can not acquit him upon oath , of what he has admitted upon oath , they can not acquit him of a corrupt breach of the law . rose to explain the cause of Mr. Trotter 's continuance in office . He said he had never seen him until he was appointed paymaster under him . He restored him because he was a useful man . And he had not renewed him from office , because he considered his case adhuc sub judice . argued in favour of an inquiry , because , he said , it had ever been the principle and practice of our jurisprudence to have the whole of a case before any man was pronounced guilty . It was not sufficient to state that the law had been violated by lord Melville ; but before the house could pronounce a judgment against him , it would be necessary to shew that he had violated the law from corrupt motives . The law might be broken , and the motives not corrupt . It had never been the object of the naval commissioners to try criminals , or to convict men on their own confession . Their object merely was to inquire into abuses , and it was for that purpose alone that they had put questions to those who came before them . The house then could not , on the report of men having such an object in view , convict a person without hearing evidence at its bar . Such was the proceeding in the case of sir Robert Walpole , the duke of Macclesfield , and various other persons . He would not now say one word concerning the merits of the case , but he contended that the whole of it ought to be heard before the house proceeded to come to a decision upon it . It would be impossible for any man to be as capable at this moment of determining upon the various shades of guilt belonging to the case as he would be after an inquiry was gone into . From the report now before the house , it was impossible for any man to say that lord Melville was personally guilty of corruption—that he was corrupt for the sake of private emolument . Nothing like personal corruption was proved against the noble viscount . How was he to judge of his own offence but by his own understanding ? How did it appear to what degree he connived at the misconduct of his servant . These and many other points were wholly left in the dark by the commissioners , and could not be cleared up without farther inquiry . then rose . He said he should be extremely unwilling to suffer this question to be put without expressing his sentiments upon it . For if , unhappily , the vote of the house should be opposite to that which