to the little views of the moment , and rendered it less the object of love and affection to those who might look with indignation on the errors and vices of Ministers , and with loyalty and affection on the preserved constitutional govt . of the kingdom . Since the peace , the militia has been made a pretence to raise men on the private purse of the land occupier , without relieving him from his share of the public purse . The learned lord on the woolsack knows that when the army of the nation was of old drawn from the land tenants of the crown holding by knight 's service , such land occupier was exempted from all talliage or taxes , and was entitled , as of right to a writ of exemption . The land tax has of late been made permanent on him ; and a practice has , since the last war , been introduced , which besides an augmented militia to the number Of 60,000 men , has burthened the private purse of the land occupier , and not the treasury of the nation to pay the levy of above . 31000 for the army , of reserve , and nearly 58,000 permanent force by the parish bill , amounting in the whole to 149,000 men not stated by ministers in the army estimates . And let it not be imagined that , the expence falls the less on the occupier because the overseer of the poor may , if he can , raise the men by the sum paid to him by the crown ; the act will show that the crown can not give a sum above three fourths of the bounty that shall be allowed to raise regular forces , and it is not easy for the overseer to obtain a man when government offers for the same man one-fourth more . But should the crown ; give only 6d . to the overseer , which the king 's minister may do , or any sum much below three-fourths , as to make it quite , impossible to obtain a man , the penalty of 201. per man attaches on the parishes , to be paid by a rate . from the land occupiers , so that the 58,000 men may be raised at the will of the crown , at anytime , and 201. per man , viz . 1,160,0001 . The whole sum raised , or to be raised , from the land occupier 's purse , since the peace , amounts to three millions and an half , besides the expences incurred in keeping up the force of 149,000 men . This is the reward which the land occupiers have received for their generous and voluntary levy of 32,000 men out of their private-purse ; this is the treatment which they have experienced for renouncing , through 203 seal , their domestic comfort without professional views . These acts of hardship and injustice have not even the dirty plea of economy in obtaining men for general service . A short statement will prove this beyond doubt : 401 and even 501. has been given for raising the war augmentation of militia . I put that at the low average of 301. ; less than 121 . I have not yet heard of , as the intended seduction money , making together 421. for such soldier so obtained ; the present price of army recruiting is 161. per man , which deducted from 421. as before stated , leaves a suplus of 261. which is the sum given more than the man is worth ; so that the land occupier is charged 261. that the public purse ( to which he also pays ) may be spared 41. ; and the subjects of Great Britain are plundered , that ministers may appear less profuse in the army estimates . They have also another motive , equally criminal , which has induced the repeated augmentation of the militia with a view its reduction . No necessity has been shewn for the present bill , and as the persons we