of Russia if filled by prince Sartoriski , whose religions is that of the Greek church . With regard to the Swiss cantons , the employment of protestants has been , perhaps , less than in other places , but they have frequently filled offices of government jointly with the catholics . In the democratic canton of Uri , and some other , the catholics were more numerous ; a proof that they may take an active part in the administration of a popular government , without any evil consequences resulting from the opinions they profess . In the canton of Appenzel the catholic and protestants are half and half.— The pretender being gone , and all other question of radical difficulty removed as to him , we now come to another person—the pope . I wish to know whether , during the last 200 years , the pope had been a person to be feared ? If he has , it can only have , been in one way , by his oppression of the catholic . Long before the period of the revolution , all the political 840 influence of the pope , with respect to country , had ceased . His power became afterwards absolutely insignificant ; and during the whole of the question between the house of Stuart and Brunswick , it was notorious that the pope could not stir one Roman catholic in Ireland . But it is stated that the persons principally concerned in the rebellion of 1798 were Roman catholics . I have no doubt that the catholic had there share in that rebellion ; but were they stigated by the pope ? What ! by the pope , while he was in a state of servitude and humiliation ? Did the pope , while he looked to this county as almost his only support , wish to overturn our government , and prevail on the Irish catholics to follow Messrs. O'Connor , Emmett , and M'Nevin ? This fear of the influence of the pope , when he has no power to do us harm , and when he can not do us good , even thought he wished it , is perfectly absurd . It is an alarm which can be accounted for on no rational principal . Has the recollection of the proconsuls , sent by the Cæsars to govern this country , left such an impression upon us , as to make us dread every thing that comes from Rome ? But it is said , Buonaparté has obtained an influence over the pope , the pope governs the Irish priests , and thus Buonaparté will be able to attach to him the catholic of Ireland . Without canvassing the question of the inclination of the pope to serve the views of Buonaparté , I shall admit that the French government will willingly employ his influence so far as they can obtain it . That the great enemy of this country would be very willing to make use of such an engine to serve his purpose in Ireland , I have no doubt . But how will he use his influence ? If you will repeal these laws , you will have nothing to fear from that quarter ; but if , on the contrary , you persevere in your restrictions , the way in which influence so much dreaded may be exercised can only be this : The Irish catholic will be told , 'An equal participation of right was held out to you ; but , instead of granting your just claims , instead of affording you relief and protection you were promised , you are still stigmatized as outcasts . You have , therefore , now only to look a catholic emperor for assistance , and through him you may expect the which had been denied you . This is the language which may be used if you are determined to persist in your present system ; but , in the other alternative , what influence can the pope have ? Suppose he were to direct the priests to take care that non but Roman catholic