he thought , the measure by which he proposed to carry it into 'effect was of such a nature as to be attended With any serious detriment to the Militia as it now stands , or as it was allowed by law to be ultimately fixed . He was one of those who held the unabated zeal and unalienable pride of the Militia leaders as one of the best points in the country , and he should be sorry to do any thing to impair so valuable a spirit . The house and the country were 'called upon by the circumstances of the present moment to carry into effect the determination formed last session , that the Militia ought not to be maintained at an amount more than 40,000 for England , and 8000 for Scotland . This determination had been formed on the ground that the number of men now locked up for defensive purposes was too great , with a view to a description of force which may be employed for the defence of Ireland and the islands in the channel , and still more with respect to a 'disposable force , and the means of recruiting that force . The commanding officers of the militia , men of the highest respectability , had , besides , Concurred that the number of militia officers could no longer be maintained consistently with the constitution of the militia . The ballot fell so heavy , and the procuring officers was so difficult , that the best friends of the militia allowed the best service that could be done to it was to reduce it to the original amount . On these considerations the house had passed an act , in virtue of which all vacancies occurring till the Militia was reduced to that standard Were not to be filled up . It happened that by the remoteness from the permanent establishment , by the slowness and uncertainty in the approach to it , by the fluctuations Which the occasional decrease occasioned , the strength of the battalions was liable to constant variations , and the companies continued disproportioned in their strength , so that neither could be counted upon as affording any certain force to be calculated 74 upon for any one military purpose . This fluctuation was a further ground for the reduction , and the deficiency of officers , not merely officers properly qualified , was such that there would be not more than sufficient for the reduced establishment , there being at present above 500 vacancies for officers in the Militia . If the superfluous men were in the end to be reduced , if while they remained they were not constituted in the most advantageous manner for the public service , was there ever a case in which there was juster cause for allowing to be carried into immediate effect by volunteering , which was the ultimate object of the determination of the last session , and what was acknowledged to be most useful and desirable to the country ? It was generally known from report , it , was known to him from more particular authority , that there never was a period at which the militia were more desirous to give their fullest services to their country 's cause , if they were permitted.— This was , in truth , the moment at which it was most desirable to bring forward such a proposition , a moment at which he would be justified in saying , no difficulty stood in the way of it , if he had not , from the communications he had with the commanding officers of the militia regiments , learned that some of them were adverse to it . Much however , as he respected the opinions of these gentlemen , he could not , in compliment to them , desist from a measure which his public duty required him to carry forward . But he would consult their sentiments and wishes in the arrangement as far as possible consistently with his duty , and it was a satisfaction to him to think , that the reduction he proposed