who know the character of the lower ranks of the people , are sensible how little danger would result from the catholic peers sitting in the house of lords , or catholic members in the house of commons . Every man must perceive that it would be beneficial to the country , particularly at a time when every man is called upon to shew his zeal in the service , and in the general cause of the empire . I have only to add , in answer to an hon . gent . opposite , that I was in Ireland a great while ago ; but it did not appear to me that the condition of the country was calculated to reconcile gentlemen who visited it , to its general laws . The gentlemen of Ireland ought to be listened to With very considerable attention . From what I have seen in the course of this debate , I think I shall find , on the division , that I shall have the honour of dividing with more of the gentlemen of that country , than ever I had on any former occasion . I believe it will be . long before the speeches we have heard from them will be forgotten . The question is important in the highest degree . The only way of putting an end to the hopes of the people of Ireland will be by creating despair , and if ever I hear that they are deprived of those hopes they ought to entertain , I shall despair of those blessings , of that mutual good-will and reciprocal sympathy , Without which England can never rely on the effectual and sincere co-operation and assistance of Ireland against the common-enemy . The house then divided , when there appeared For Mr. Fox 's motion 124 Against it 336 Majority against the motion 212 Adjourned at five o'clock on Wednesday morning . observed that the motion before The house was in point of form , `` that the house should resolve itself into a committee to consider of the petition on the table ; '' and the noble baron who had made the motion had intimated , that in the committee it would be open to any lord to suggest any partial measure : but it was evident that the noble lord himself conceived that nothing short of the entire object of the petition could be suggested ; and the petitioners had themselves clearly stated that object to be . `` an equal participation , upon equal terms with their fellow subjects , of the full benefits of the British laws and constitution . Of that constitution the maintenance of the protestant religion , as the established religion of the government , and the exclusion of the Roman catholic religion from the administration of that government , had become fundamental principles , long deemed essential to the preservation of the liberty , both religions and political , of the country : and by those laws , of the benefit of which the petitioners sought an equal participation , the strongest provisions were made for the support of the protestant religion , and the exclusion of the Roman catholic from important political power . When , therefore , the petitioners upon their lordships to give them an equal participation of the British laws and constitution , they either proposed to the house be guilty of a gross fallacy , or they called upon their lordships to alter those laws , and to change that . constitution ; for , consistently with the existing laws and constitution , the equal participation sought by the petition could not be had . The equal participation claimed by the petition was clearly an equal participation in all powers , as welt as in all benefits : an equal participation in whatever might form the constitution of the country in church and state . That such was their object was manifest ; not only from the language of the petition , but from the state in which the Roman catholic church was zealously maintained in Ireland , importantly different from the condition of