be chancellors , generals , staff officers , admirals , or other great officers ; therefore , as you do not all expect to arrive at these distinctions , there can be no harm in forbidding any of you to obtain them ! '' Do you wish the Roman catholics to be actuated by a sense that they are trusted by the executive government , or not ? If not , and you should , in giving them offices , appear to entertain diffidence and mistrust of them , they will be executed with that remissness and disregard of the public service which such mistrust is calculated to inspire . Suppose I send to a gentleman of the law , and I say to him , it is true you may possess talents , but do you think there is any probability of your being lord chancellor ? He might probably answer , that there was not ; but is there not a very material difference in having an impossibility and bar put to the advancement of a man to the honours of his profession ? Suppose a person is engaged in trade , and he can gain a bare living , or perhaps save about twenty pounds a year . I say to him , `` you may go on , and be as industrious as you please , but you shall never make more than 1,000,000l . '' He says , he is contented . Well , but does any one think that this country could have arrived at the height it has , if there had been such a restriction on the exertions of industry ? It is not because a man 's quality is low , that he is prevented by the exercise of his faculties from becoming wealthy ; but if you limit his endeavours , you destroy the spirit of enterprise and exertion which impels him , and , by such a system finally prevent his success . Do you not think it would be the most destructive blow to the enterprise , industry , and energy of the country , and undermine the principal source of our riches , to put a restraint on the exercise of a man 's genius and industry ? Do we not often hear of a person , not of consequence either from birth or fortune , say , `` I live , thank God , in a country , were , by industry and talents , I may arrive at the fortune of the greatest duke in the land . '' Is not this cheering ? Is not the unlimited power of gain the great principle on which industry , enterprise , and commerces exist ? What should we say if men of particular descriptions were to be restricted in 845 * their fair pursuits ? They stand marked and circumscribed to the limit of their possible gain . Apply the principle to the professions—to the law particularly , the one perhaps in which it operates the most . I would ask those who are conversant with the profession , whether it would not damp the ardour of a young man , if he were to be told that he might obtain some pecuniary advantage , but that he could never rise to any office of dignity . I am not supporting the propriety of indulging sanguine hopes , but certainly one of the greatest incentives in the breast of a parent to give his son a good education , is the hope of one day seeing him till the situation Of chancellor , or some other splendid office . Take that hope away , and you destroy the greatest incentive to an aspiring mind . But when you apply the argument to a military life , how much stronger is it ! Is Hot the very essence of the profession ambition , and a thirst of glory ? What can you expect of a lieutenant or captain , who , after exerting himself in the service of the country , comes home , and , reflecting upon the dangers he has shared , admires the skill