was any regulation to ascertain it . But these profits had since been regulated , and if they could now be traceable to lord Melville , they would no doubt be recoverable . The question would still remain , whether the profits were made by the public money , or by sums drawn in favour of individuals . This could as easily be ascertained in a court of law as by a committee , nay better . The committee might be excluded from most of the intelligence which might be procured by a legal proceeding . Even were the committee agreed to , lord Melville and Mr. Trotter might still remain with mouths closed , and neither be convicted by themselves or any other means the committee could resort to . He should therefore vote against the committee , unless it were intended to follow up the report by sonic criminal proceeding . in explanation said , that he wished it to be distinctly stated whether , if Mr. Trotter should state what was the amount of the profit which had been gained by the use of the public money , it would be consistent with the forms of law in that case , to ask , whether lord Melville had participated to any , and to what amount , in such profits ? stated that he believed , if it should be said that the public monies which had been so improperly applied had been fully restored to their use , it would not be in their power to press the question farther . observed , that he had always had the greatest deference for public opinion , but he hoped that the day mould never come when the house of commons would , contrary to their own good sense , be induced to adopt a particular 420 line of conduct in consequence of any public clamour which might then be raised . He had attended minutely to the different arguments which had been used on both sides , and upon a serious consideration of the whole , it appeared to him , that the mode of proceeding by law was the most temperate and dispassionate that could be adopted in the present instance . wished to make an observation or two upon what had fallen from the right hon . mover of the amendment . The amendment of the right hon . gent . seemed to assume that the house had already determined the matter should be sent before a court of equity . A motion to that effect might have been intended ; but reasons had been adduced to caution the house to pause before it was adopted . Perhaps the right hon . gent . himself might make that motion , but he should not assume it to be already made and decided . He could not but commend the delicacy of the learned gentleman ( the attorney general ) . The learned gentleman cautiously abstained from deciding whether a legal proceeding should be instituted or not . At least , he had given no reason to expect that any good could be expected to result from it ; and all the other great law officers were equally silent upon that point . But what says the learned gentleman , `` whatever may be the mode of proceeding may they not demur , and refuse to answer ? and if they demur , where is the compulsion ? ' Before a committee , they could demur only under the protection of the fifth clause of the act . Still he would have lord Melville and Mr. Trotter brought before the committee . Who could pronounce what might be in the contemplation of the committee to adopt ? and if no suggestion had been thrown out of a prosecution by the attorney general , why should it be supposed that the committee would be found to institute one ? The learned gent . gives the preference to a court of justice ; and for what reason ? No doubt , only because it is proposed to limit and cripple the powers of the committee . There you