an understanding on the subject . Not having the same opinion of the benefits of that project , as many others seemed to entertain . I had some hopes that it might have been averted , till I observed that these expectations were held out by the right hon . gent . who proposed this measure , in a speech so replete with reasoning and eloquence , as would have done honour to the brightest æreas of Greece or Rome . The right hon . gent . then said , that the disproportion Which before existed between the persons professing 958 the catholic and protestant religion in Ireland being done away by this measure , afforded a chance that the same objection would not be made to the catholics having a full participation in the British constitution . That speech , many of us knew , made , a very deep impression on the minds of the Irish catholics ; and , having carefully attended to all the debates which took place at that time , I could not help observing , that there was no gentleman in this house who made a stand upon that point , or endeavoured to obtain a pledge either way upon it . I was also , present in this house , when the right hon . gent . was questioned as to his reasons for resigning , and recollect his having answered , that he did so in consequence of being unable to carry a measure which appeared to him essential to the public welfare , declaring at the same time , that he owed too much to his royal master to press the subject on him , and that he should think it his duty to oppose it , if it came from any other quarter ; and this was , I think fair parliamentary ground . At present , thought I am from principle determined to support the motion since it has been submitted , I must now declare , that I think it Wrong in the Roman catholics to bring it forward at this moment . I should even support the repeal of the test to the dissenters , if that were now the question ; though , undoubtedly , the argument of numbers does not apply to them in the same manner as it does to the Roman catholics of Ireland , who in point of rights , must be acknowledge to be one short of their due proportion . When you consider , that , on the lowest calculation , the catholics of Ireland compose three millions out of five of the inhabitants of that country , and are rapidly , increasing in wealth and consequence , you can not shut your eyes to their situation , and your own , sense must make up your mind to grant at some time what is impossible to be avoided . I freely confess , that I have not the least idea of the measure succeeding at present , and am very well convinced that the Roman catholics themselves do not expect it . In their private conversation , they do not affect to think that their wishes will be immediately complied with . They say , that in time it will work its way , by the force of reason , but that they can not expect the protestants at once to throw away those bulwarks which they so carefully raised against them . The effect of it is sure , however slowly it may operate . I remember myself , that when a bill was brought into the 959 Irish parliament , for the purpose of indulgence to the catholics , there were only thirteen members in the house who voted in favour of it ; and yet such was the general agitation , and such the strong sensations excited by its agitation , that the government was soon convinced that something must be done upon it . The country at that time was not well governed ; and , towards the approach of the ensuing session of parliament , when it was expected the measure would again