you have compelled the parents to send their children abroad , to be educated in foreign countries , where they were , of course , brought up in all the prejudices of the catholic religion , or , in other words , of popery . There were also several other acts which had a similar , and , perhaps , an equal tendency ; but I shall not detain the house by reasoning on them at present . One great and leading objection which I have heard stated against the admission of catholics into parliament is , that the pope is allowed to have more power in Ireland than he is possessed of in other catholic countries ; and by appointing the catholic bishops , he maintains that supremacy in the church which of legal right belongs only to his Majesty . I confess this objection has much weight with me—and I can see no reason why the Catholics should not come prepared to concede some of their prejudices , when they call upon us to concede ours . This , in fact , seems to be the grand obstacle to the concessions they wish for ; and I am not without sanguine hopes that it may be re- 964 moved . Upon this subject I made it my business to converse with some catholic gentlemen of no small authority , and asked them whether they would have any objection to the bishops of their persuasion being nominated by his Majesty instead of the pope ? And they all agreed that they could have no objection to it . What I should propose would be , that hereafter , whenever a see became vacant , the other bishops should assemble , and choose two or more candidates , whom they would recommend to that appointment , and leave the choice of the person to be determined by the king . Indeed I have good reason to believe , that , if the prayer of the petition was granted , the Roman catholics would cheerfully give up that point ( A cry of hear ! hear ! from Mr. Fox and those members who surrounded him ) , as well as make whatever other reasonable sacrifices the circumstances of the case may be thought to require ; for I must maintain , that they can have no right to seats in parliament , while they continue to take their bishops from the hands of any foreign power . I can not , however , but think that the Catholics would be very well satisfied with this arrangement , and I make but little doubt that many of the opposers of their emancipation would relax in resistance , and consent to agree to it , upon this condition . To speak plainly , indeed , I should wish to ask of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , who must be in the confidence of these gentlemen , by their selecting him to present their petition , to what extent the catholics would go in this respect , and what are the points which they would have no objection to give up ? I hope the house will bear in mind , that when these Roman catholic laws were passed , they were not directed against the catholics as such , but were laws enacted against popery and slavery ; for James II . who was the source of them all , was himself a tyrant and a bigot . The laws , therefore , wore a double aspect , as intending to protect the subjects of these realms against both . As to the prospects generally attributed to Roman catholics , for the subversion of property in Ireland , I am , in my own mind , perfectly convinced that they do not entertain the most distant idea of ever restoring the estates that were confiscated from their ancestors . The best proof , perhaps , that could be given of this is that since the Roman catholics of Ireland have been allowed the liberty of purchasing lands , they have almost invariably been solicitous of purchasing those