correction you will have reduced this gentleman of the 15th century to two miserable canons , the only rewards of his labour , and result of his toil , both centuries before the reformation , and therefore not bearing on the protestants or the reformers . The first is a canon excommunicating persons who do not abide by a profession of faith contained in a preceding canon , which notably concludes with the following observation , that virgins and married women may make themselves agreeable to God . Now I can not think such a canon can excite any grave impression or alarm in this house ; passed 600 years ago , 300 years before the birth of the reformation , made by lay princes as well as ecclesiastics , and never acknowledged or noticed in these islands even in times of their popery . The other canon , that of Constance , goes to deny the force of a free passport or safe conduct to heretics , given by temporal princes in bar of the proceedings of the church . Without going farther into that canon , it is sufficient to say that it is positively affirmed by the catholics , that this does not go farther than to assert the power of the church to enquire into heresy , notwithstanding any impediments from lay princes ; and , farther , there is an authority for that interpretation , and in contradiction to the member 's interpretation , not merely above his authority , by any that it is in his studies to produce ; I mean that of Grotius , who mentions that the imputation cast on the catholics on account of that canon is unfounded . Here I stop , and submit that the member is in the state of a plaintiff , who can not make out his case , notwithstanding his two canons : that he has failed most egregiously , and has no right to throw the other party on their defence : however , the catholics have gone , as far as relates to him , gratuitously into their case , and have not availed themselves of the imbecility of their opponents ; and they have been enabled to produce on the subject of the above charges , the opinion of six universities , to whom those charges , in the shape of queries , have been submitted : Paris , Louvaine , Salamanca , Douay , Valladolid , Alcala . The universities have all answered , and have in their answers not only disclaimed them with abhorrence . The catholics have not stopped here : they have drawn up a declaration of nine articles , together with other doctrines or 920 views objected to them . They have gone further , they have desired the protestants to name their own terms of abjuration ; the protestants have done so , and here is the instrument of their compact ; it is an oath framed by a protestant parliament , principally manufactured by the hon . member himself , in which the Irish catholics not only abjure the imputed doctrine , but are sworn to the state , and to the present establishment of the protestant church in Ireland , and to the present state of protestant property . This oath has been universally taken , and by this oath both parties are concluded , the catholics from resorting to the abjured doctrines , and the protestants from resorting to the abjured charge . Therefore , when the member imputes , as he has done , to the catholic the principles hereby abjured , it is not the catholic who breaks faith with him , but it is he who breaks faith with the catholic . He acts in violation of the instrument he himself formed , and is put down by his own authority . But the Catholics have not only thus obtained a special acquittal from the charges made against them in this debate , they have obtained a general acquittal also—The most powerful of their opponents , the late earl of Clare , writes as follows : `` they who