37,000l . due on bond within the present year , a 11,000l . before the 25th of this month , the remainder in July , except 4000l . in Dec . He had besides , by his talents , genius , and . industry , which bad been of ad- 57 vantage to the public , acquired additional means of paying his debt ; and he put it to the candour of the hon . mover , or of any hon . gent . near him , whether in a case of such misfortune , it would have been right to press him rigorously . The sums he had acquired by his employment had been applied , not to his use , but to pay off his arrears . Upon these grounds , he saw no reason of complaint against the present , or any former government , for having employed this gent . nor any ground for parliamentary interference . They all knew the amount of his debt in 1797 , and nothing was so easy as for any member to move , that there be laid before the house an account of the amount of the sums that had been paid , of the steps that had been taken , and of the sums now due . After which it would be competent to move for an inquiry , if any gent . should think it then necessary . He should himself move for these documents . The 14,000l . ought not to be charged to Mr. F. ; and as to the other failures , there were effects that would be finally available . Mr. F. too had an estate in the island of Grenada , which yielded 200 hogsheads of sugar , annually , and would have been subject to his arrears , till the calamity , which had called for the indulgence and aid of parliament in favour of the sufferers . The estate was now likely to be productive , but this circumstance entitled the hon . gent . to the forbearance of government . As to the appointment of Mr. F. on the commission , it had been at the desire of sir C. Middleton , with whom he had acted as comptroller of the navy , and every one would bear testimony to the merits and abilities of that hon . bart . The object of the commission ; was to form a digest of the regulations of the different royal yards , and they had no discretion or power to obstruct any reform , and he looked upon it as no proof of hostility to any practical reform , that the hon . bart . who had first suggested the naval commission , was appointed to the royal commission . After a few other observations relative to the reports not having been followed up by any further measures , the right hon . gent . concluded by declaring that no parliamentary ground had been laid for the motion . begged to have it understood , upon what ground he did not wish the gentleman who was the object of the motion of his hon . friend , to have been employed . It was not because he thought him unworthy to be trusted , but because he was in a situation of misfortune , and therefore 58 in a state of dependence on his majesty 's ministers . The commission was appointed to make suggestions to government , and might they not have to report on such parts as some at least of his majesty 's ministers , might be no friends to ? However that might be , he was sure that no man in a state of absolute subjection to the power of ministers , could report with that sturdy , independence which ought to characterize the conduct of a public reformer . He had not the honour of being acquainted with Mr. Fordyce , but he had no doubt of his being a gentleman of talent , ability , and merit . He thought the house ought to be obliged to his hon . friend for having brought