officer , it was not merely the character of the navy board , that were at stake ; there were other persons , in other quarters , whose characters depended on its result . It was a matter that involved some of the dearest rights of the constitution of this country , and materially concerned the exercise of prerogatives , which involved the safety of every man . A right hon . gent . seemed to think the subject one which could occupy no great length of discussion , but let it not be imagined , that the subject the question involved was to pass sub silentio , for it was one which demanded the fullest investigation . was as anxious as the right hon . gent to sift the subject to the very bottom ; feeling , as he did , that the navy board stood in a situation of such high and important trust with the country , that it ought not to remain a single hour in a dubious light . He was therefore inclined to oppose any delay of the discussion not absolutely necessary ; but as to the hon . officer , he could have no sort of objection to allow him every fair opportunity for his vindication . said , he was far from abandoning the charge he had made , founded as it was upon the reports of the navy board themselves ; but it was impossible not to see that the navy board themselves were connected with the charge , for they assumed to themselves that which only was 629 meant to refer to the conduct of an hon . officer.—The motion of sir A. Hamond was put and agreed to ; and shortly afterwards the , letters were laid on tie table by Mr. Dickenson , and ordered to be printed . ( of Poole ) , agreeably to the notice of a former day , rose to bring forward his promised motion , for the production of several papers , relating to the naval department , during the administration of earl St. Vincent ; and though , he said , they were certainly voluminous , there was not one amongst them , idle , frivolous , or unimportant ; but such as would not fail to make a strong , impression upon the mind of the house , and fully to account for the depressed and degraded state to which the British navy was at this moment reduced ; and which , had lord St. Vincent continued at the head of our naval affairs to this day , would have sunk to a state still lower , and less competent to meet the formidable enemy with whom we had to contend . He lamented that the task of bringing forward a motion of so much importance should have fallen to the lot of a person so humble and incompetent as himself ; but seeing no other gentleman attempt to take it up , he felt it his duty to bring it forward . He was conscious there was no department in the country more important than that of the navy , or that more urgently demanded strict vigilance and minute investigation . He hoped his zeal upon this point had not carried him too far , or led him to endeavour to disclose too much , for secrets there certainly were , which ought not to be exposed to the possible knowledge of an enemy . Having , however , explained to the house the object of the motion he meant to submit , it would be for their wisdom to decide how far it was right to grant his request ; but if the documents he should require should be allowed him , he would himself undertake to prove , to the conviction of every man who heard him , the position he had laid down . The hon . member then proceeded to detail to the house a series of eighteen motions for returns of the state of the navy , from the year 1793 , to the present time , under the several heads of ships of