but by all his majesty 's subjects sitting and voting in the house of commons : but the idea the author means to convey to his readers is , that romanists , antecedent to the 1st of William and Mary , were capable of occupying seats in the Irish house of commons , and did sit therein , without taking any oaths whatsoever , particularly the oath of supremacy . This is a gross mistatement . By a resolution of the Irish house of commons in the year 1642 , [ see the Journals of the Irish house of commons , vol i. page 434 , page 568 . Vol ii . page 443 . ] all the members were obliged to take the oath of supremacy , or to vacate their seats . 912 By another resolution of the Irish house of commons in the year 1661 , all the members were obliged to take the oath of supremacy and the oath of allegiance of the 3d of James I. and receive the sacrament according to the usage of the church established , or to vacate their seats . The commons in the first parliament assembled in Ireland after the accession of William and Mary , in the 3d and 4th year of their reign , immediately on their meeting , and before they proceeded to any business whatsoever , took the oaths of supremacy , allegiance , and repeated and subscribed the declaration , deeming the resolutions of the commons before mentioned , and the English act of the 30th of Charles II . imperative upon them : so that the idea that any member could sit in the Irish house of commons at all times previous to the accession of William and Mary , or to the third and fourth years of their reign , without taking the oath of supremacy ; or that Irish romanists were for the first time , abridged of that alleged right , by the English act of the 3d and 4th of William and Mary , is erroneous ; they were , long before that period , abridged of it by the resolutions of the house of commons , warranted by the law of parliament , part of the law of the land , under which that house has claimed and exercised the power of judging of the qualifications of its own members —The author 's assertion , that all civil and military offices in Ireland were open to Roman catholics , previous to the accession of William and Mary , smells of the same artifice with his former assertion respecting the eligibility of romanists to be members of the house of commons : it is true that such offices were then open to romanists ( as they now are ) , if they performed the acts required to be performed by all his majesty 's subjects appointed to such offices ; but what he means to insinuate is , that romanists , till the accession of William and Mary , and till the third and fourth years of their reign , might enjoy all such offices in Ireland , without taking the oaths , & c. ; this assertion , in such sense is as groundless as any other in the pamphlet ; for no person in Ireland could enjoy any such offices , without taking the oath of supremacy , as enjoined to be taken by the Irish act of the second of Elizabeth ; by the universal rejection of which oath romanists disable themselves to hold or enjoy such offices . The cautious artificial manner in which the pamphlet attempts to convey to the reader , the period of Romish exclusion 913 from the houses of parliament , induces a belief , that the author , at the time of writing the pamphlet , was not ignorant of the resolution of the Irish house of commons just mentioned , not of the Irish act of the 2d of Elizabeth ; and if he was not , what opinion must the public entertain of his candour ! —The author can not resort to the unlawful and riotous assembly convoked