namely , to prevent any misapplication of the public money . If the house should agree to his motion , he proposed to introduce a bill , and after the first reading to have it printed , and the second reading fixed for this day three weeks , in order to afford time to gentlemen to make themselves acquainted with its provisions . The former act having been entered as read , leave was given to bring in the bill ; which Mr. Rose brought up , read a first time , and ordered to be printed , and read a second time this day three weeks . observed , that more than a month ago he had moved for copies of several depositions relative to the gaol of Kilmainham , and they were not yet forthcoming . He was surprised to find so much difficulty in obtaining papers from Ireland . A similar circumstance had lately occurred , with respect to other papers on a different subject , in which seven weeks had elapsed , without any return being made . He should , therefore , move `` that the return for the papers he had moved for should he made forthwith . '' Ordered.—The house then adjourned to this day fortnight , and the right hon . the speaker , followed by several members , immediately went up to St. James 's with the resolutions of Monday last . Several private bills were brought up from the commons , and read a first time.—On the motion of the bishop of Oxford , the committee on the Universities Advowson bill was postponed till Monday , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned.—Mr . Johnson , from the Irish secretary of state 's office , presented an account of the State of the Gaols in Ireland , during the year 1804 . The Earl of Suffolk rose , and expressed his regret , that unavoidable business had obliged him to be absent during the progress of a late bill through the house ( the Bread Assize 374 bill ) . It was his intention , if present , to have made some observations , which , from the accuracy of his information , might be of national advantage . It might perhaps be irregular to bring the subject then before the house , but he hoped that whatever regarded essentially the interest and comfort of the mass of the people would always have their lordships ' support and hearty concurrence . It was truly lamentable , that , at a period like the present , there should exist any men who endeavoured to amass fortunes at the expence of the community , but particularly at the expence of the poor , who were , at present , bearing with cheerfulness their share of the burthens of the war ; but this was unfortunately the case , which he could not more clearly illustrate or satisfactorily prove to the house , than by assuring their lordships , that the quartern loaf was sold in Cheltenham , and many other large and populous towns through which he lately passed , at one shilling , when it was sold in London at 1s 4d . The difference was nothing to a man of fortune , but to a hard-working man it was of the first importance , and ought to be reduced to its proper standard , if possible . He had made the strictest enquiries respecting the cause of this extravagant difference , and found that it was artificial . He stated this with the utmost confidence , because he was sure of his information , and could prove the fact . It was the practice of certain millers and mealmen , who resided about 15 or 20 miles from London , many of them possessing from 200,000l . to 300,000l . to receive expresses from town respecting the state of the markets , according to which returns they either sent or kept back grain and flour , as it best suited their purpose . He wished to be understood as not at all wishing to cast any odium