circumstance afforded the right hon . gent . every facility to carry on his favourite plans of every kind without being questioned as to their fitness or expediency ? The noble lord had misrepresented his hon . friend , as calling this a packed committee . He might have said , the committee was solicited by the right hon . gent . and he would ask him , whether it Was consistent with a high sense of dignity , and very honourable to his feelings ? When the question before the committee was that of abuse , and the conduct of the right hon . gent . the subject of enquiry , was it honourable or delicate in him to endeavour to recommend the appointment of persons firm in his interest , and connected with him in the government ? The noble lord next complained of the manner of his hon . friend 's bringing forward his motion . The argument he wished to apply in this case , was respecting the qualification of the noble lord . It was 532 not merely a question regarding the concealment of facts in the committee , but there were other duties that regarded the investigation of abuses . It was a proper consideration , whether we should not avoid the appointment of persons , who had been themselves active in the matters complained of . He wished to ask , upon a prima facie view of the question , whether it was not a strong objection to the appointment of the noble lord , that he was connected with the person who formed the subject matter of complaint , that it might turn out , that he was himself a party concerned . The first charge against , the right hon . gent . was his knowledge of , and connivance at the withdrawings of money from the Bank . The second was , whether it had been withdrawn for the purposes for which it was voted , and applied , as it was stated , to delicate services ; and the third charge regarded the acquittal of Mr. Jellicoe . He would insist , that the knowledge which the noble lord was likely to have of these transactions , and his connection with administration , were substantial grounds for his disqualification . The noble lord was himself a minister , and connected with the noble lord who had been adjudged a delinquent , and might himself be implicated . The noble lord had been again pronouncing his panegyrics upon the Irish parliament , and had said , that there never was a more meritorious sacrifice to public duty and the welfare of the country , than that which produced the union . That sacrifice , however , was obtained by the purchase of private boroughs with the public money . His lordship had been charged with this : but he did not attempt a word in his own vindication . As the noble lord denied that any charge had been preferred against him by the right hon . gent . on the treasury bench near him ( Mr. Foster ) ; let him , therefore , ask that right hon . gent . Whether the charge could be supported , he did not mean to say , but that it had been made was most certain and undeniable . The noble lord heard the charge at the time it was made by the right hon . gent . he heard his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) also repeat it . He was charged with giving money for the purchase of votes . That charge stood against the noble lord , let him answer it : would he screen himself , like persons who refused to acknowledge their delinquency , under the 5th clause ? He should , however , only say for the present , that the charge had been made , and no answer whatever had been given . With respect to feelings , were 533 he to change situations with the noble lord , and be accused and shrink from the charge , without giving an unequivocal