, he is determined we should not obtain the same emoluments he has enjoyed . '' Having said thus much on official matters , in answer to the hon . gentleman who spoke last , he would now say a few words to the question before the house . He could have no view on the present occasion , but to follow up the general design intimated by the resolutions on a preceding night . The house had determined there had been a violation of law ; and farther , that advantages had been derived , which ought not to have been conceded . With re- 418 spect to the last , he could not avoid considering that the restitution of public money would be best obtained by a legal process ; but on such a subject he must speak with diffidence , as the law officers attending in that house had not thought fit to hazard any opinion . He was anxious to learn , if they also judged this to be the best mode of proceeding , what would they undertake ? would they compel Mr. Trotter to account for the misapplication of the public money ? Could they ascertain the quantum of the deficit ? He feared the law officers would have no means of ascertaining how far lord Melville participated in the profits ; he supposed the utmost of which they could acquire information , would be the aggregate of such profits . Although he thought the courts of law could conduct best the part of the business to which he had just alluded , yet he thought at present that full powers should be given to the committee ; the strong inquisitorial authority of the house was the most effectual and solemn in the existing circumstances , and would be most satisfactory to the public . would not enter into a comparison of the greater or less power which might be exerted by a committee of the house or a court of law . That of the committee might no doubt be the greater . But should it be the opinion of the house , that he , in his capacity of his majesty 's attorney-general , should proceed against lord Melville and Mr. Trotter for the recovery of the profits they may have derived from the use of the public money , he was ready to confess , that however he might proceed , they would still have the power to demur . So far , then , as an ample source of information might be expected to be derived from such a prosecution , that expectation might be frustrated . As to his own particular opinion , he was ready to say , that the law officers of the crown could undertake for nothing respecting the result , whether a civil or a criminal proceeding was to be instituted . He at least should only say , that whatever he undertook , he should endeavour fairly and faithfully to discharge as his duty directed . Should the matter be brought before a committee , they might not hesitate to infer the guilt of the accused , should they take refuge under the protection of the law . In so doing , the committee would , no doubt , go farther than a legal proceeding could attempt to 419 go ; yet as far as evidence would justify him , he should equally proceed to discover to what extent lord Melville might have participated in the profits of Mr. Trotter , and how far , consequently , lord Melville stood responsible to refund to the public . It was the inclination of his opinion , that if profits appeared to have been made by Mr. Trotter , which could not be traced to lord Melville , then he could not proceed on the principle to recover equally from lord Melville . It would therefore be incumbent on him to examine to what degree lord Melville might be responsible , and that extent must be measured by the nature of the evidence . The only and great difficulty was to ascertain that point before there