investigation , but for that of a court martial alone . But why had it been referred to the commissioners of naval enquiry ? Because that was a court dilatory or summary , as they thought proper . Because that was a court in which a man , contrary to all the principles of British jurisprudence , was expected to criminate himself , and if he declined doing so , he was stigmatized with the name of the hero of the fifth clause ! said it was not a fit business to go to a court martial . There was such a complicature of charges , and such a mixture of different matters , that a court martial would not have been equal to its full and adequate investigation . This was at least his own opinion , and on that he had acted . begged to trouble the house with a very few words . The hon . gent . who spoke last but one had said he would not say any thing against the naval commissioners , and had immediately afterwards styled them a court which might acquit or delay , according to their caprices , and that they might wish for persons to criminate themselves . This was a kind of language he could not bear , and thought no member ought to use , when the commission had been renewed , and the same powers invested in their hands by the house , 647 as they had before . If the hon . gent . thought they were a court acting according to caprice , or wishing persons to criminate themselves , he should in a manly way have come forward , and stated such facts as strong objections to the renewal of the commission , and not at this time deal out insinuations against hon . gentlemen who had acted with so much zeal , fidelity , diligence , and inflexible integrity , in the great trust reposed in them , as to acquire most deservedly the universal approbation and applause of the whole country . jun . said he did not mean to cast any reflections on the commissioners of naval enquiry ; on the contrary , he had said , that they recommended the trial by court martial , of which he approved . however induced he might be , would not give way to the temptation of making that statement on the subject which he certainly was completely prepared to make . In reply to the accusation of delay that had been brought forward against him , he said , that not being aware in the first instance of the extent of the papers that it would be necessary to call for , it was impossible for him to fix a time for referring them to a committee . He asked the hon . gent . in what part of the papers was to be found what he had in vain looked for , the wish expressed by the commissioners of naval enquiry , to decline the investigation of the gallant baronet 's conduct , and to refer it to a court martial . The observations made by the right hon . gent . opposite , on the impressing of Mr. Bartholomew , were extremely unfair , as they implicated the conduct of a noble lord , which , he was convinced , when it came to be scrutinized , would be found to be in the highest degree praiseworthy and honourable . jun . had not stated that the wish of the commissioners of naval enquiry to decline the investigation of sir H. Popham 's conduct , and to refer it to a court martial , existed in the papers before the house . It had been mentioned by an hon . baronet at the head of that commission , and confirmed by a conversation he had with him on the subject that morning . The motion as amended by the chancellor of the exchequer was then put and carried . as he saw the hon . gent . was prepared with a list of names , took the opportunity of