, when it was governed by the fit respect to the principles of the British constitution . The attempt of an individual to force a list for a committee upon the house , would be culpable ; but it was in a much higher degree criminal for any such experiment to emanate from the treasury , accompanied with the influence that must be presumed from that quarter . If his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had brought down a list , he should have voted for it , provided he approved of it ; but if his own conduct were the immediate object of investigation , he should have been utterly ashamed of himself , if he did not take all possible means of shewing to the public , he would have no share in recommending a single individual , for the purpose of such an enquiry . If his friend should produce to him a list , where he ( Mr. Fox ) was then personally concerned , he would say , `` I will have nothing 519 to do with the nomination of my own judges , '' and he would not condescend to inspect it . If his eye were to stray upon the paper , and he should discover in the list the name of his hon . friend , he should enquire if his friend meant to surrender his affection , and to insult him by such a proposition ; much less could he do such an act in a clandestine manner ; in such a case every name must be submitted to the observation of the house , and be exposed to its solemn decision . Considering the conduct of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) was implicated in the charge , it was most indecent that his own colleagues should be appointed to the committee . He could only say , that to place himself in such a situation , was diametrically opposite to every sentiment he ( Mr. Fox ) could indulge ; but if the right hon . gentleman could accommodate his feelings to such a condition , he ( Mr. Fox ) sincerely congratulated him on the convenient effect of his insensibility . said , that on this subject the feelings of men seemed to lead them to extraordinary extremes . If he was to be sent on his trial where no charge had been exhibited—if he acceded to this , what they required was , that his jury should be entirely composed of men whom he could challenge for cause . This might be their notions of justice , but if he had any thing to apprehend from the effects of the spirit of party , the only way to determine the point properly was to take care that the majority should not be composed of those whom habit , if not conviction , might lead to find him guilty . He was not so chimerical in point of honour , so forgetful of the principles of reason , justice , and the law of England , as to put himself in the situation which they proposed , for the perilous chance of acquiring their approbation . Nor was the practice of parliament on this occasion so inconsistent , as had been represented , with the maxims of the British constitution , The committee had been appointed in the way most usual on such occasions . It was true that the mode had often been objected to , yet , upon argument , it had been approved . Committees so appointed had produced reports most satisfactory to the house and to the nation , and he was not , upon old exploded reasoning , disposed to renounce what had been so long established . Had not the house already decided the committee was to be chosen by ballot ? 520 When this was proposed , in the pursuit of his present design , the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) should have proposed that all persons in office should be excluded from the ballot . He should have gone farther ,