right . But the right hon . gent . will bear only of expediency . But this sort of attack upon priciples of right can not be maintained . Rights , in the strictest sense of the word , as employed by the right hon . gent . no where exist but even on the ground of right as a claim of nature , the catholic petition , I say , is founded in justice . They state that what 1025 they ask is founded on political expediency ; and the policy and expediency of acceding to their petition , is only rebutted by alleging , that to grant their claims would be attended with the greatest danger to our protestant establishments in church and state . What this danger is , from the best consideration I have been able to give to the subject , I am utterly at a loss to discover ; the onus of proof lies upon those who plead that danger . But , looking to all the dangers ; as well these which those who oppose this motion plead , as those which there may be any reasonable ground to apprehend , I think that to grant now the claims of the catholics is by much the less dangerous policy to pursue . For the present , however , I shall not trespass on the attention of the house by arguing the question further ; I shall content myself with entering my solemn protest against the species of argument urged by his majesty 's ministers against this petition , and declaring my firm resolution to persevere in this object , which I consider as best calculated for the safety of that very protestant establishment to which it is said to be inimical ; and I have the strongest hope , anxiety , and confidence , that the period is not far remote when this house will see the justice and sound policy of conceding this salutary , wise , and beneficent measure . —Sir , though I naturally feel solicitous ( feeling and thinking as I now and always have done upon this subject ) to assign my reasons for the vote I shall this night give on a question of such vital importance to the empire in general , and Ireland in particular ; yet even under this impression , the lateness of the hour Will prevent me from trespassing more than a few short minutes on the attention of the house ; nor should I now have risen but for the purpose of viewing this subject upon the untrodden ground of an example , so precisely opposite in all its circumstances , and bearing so directly on the temperate requests of the the petitioners as to call forcibly for your notice.—It is the result of an experiment fairly tried upon a great nation , possessing above seven millions of inhabitants , varying most widely in their religious tenets , convulsed by the difference of those tenets , and the restrictions founded upon them during many centuries ; yet at length procuring internal peace and tranquillity , and external strength and respect , by the sacrifice of those restrictions . The nation , sir , was Hungary ; of her seven millions of inhabitants one half were protestants , Cal- 1026 vinists , and Lutherans ; many of the Greek church , and many Jews . Often had even Mahomet been called in to the aid of Calvin , and the crescent glittered on the walls of Buda . At length , in 1791 , at the most violent crisis of disturbance , a diet was called , and passed a decree , by which they secured the fullest and freest exercise of religious faith , worship and education ; ordained that churches and chapels should be built for all sects without description ; that the protestants of both confessions should depend on their own spiritual superiors alone , freed from swearing by the usual oaths , namely— '' by the holy virgin Mary , the saints , and chosen of God . '' And then , sir , came the great and