any year , had not exceeded the amount of these assignments , The commissioners had stated , that the balances ought not to exist at all , and yet that balances in the hands of the treasurer in one year had amounted to 40,000l . and in another to 33,000l . ; this was very material to have investigated . The commissioners had examined a very intelligent gentleman , a clerk in one of the offices , as to the number of days for which a paymaster should have a supply in his hands , and the result of his examination fixed the number at fourteen or fifteen ; the commissioners were of opinion themselves , that ten were sufficient , so that the number of days necessary in advance was between ten and fourteen . In the next place , the commissioners had divided the time during which lord Melville had been in office into two periods in making the average , instead of making the average for the whole of the time of his being in office . The first period they calculate up to I796 , the next to 1800 ; so that they had not given the average on the whole , nor distinctly in the separate periods . They , calculated the balances on the first period at 45 average , and the last at 33 , but they had taken the amount of the gross balances without deducting the assignments . When the commissioners had stated ten days as the number that ought to be in advance in the paymaster 's hands ; they calculated it exclusive of the out-ports ; and if .the money at the out-ports were to be deducted , the balances would be in the first or most favourable period , an average of seventeen days , and in the latter period an average of eight days ; and on the whole period the average was but fourteen or fifteen , only five more than the commissioners had thought necessary , and nearly the same number that the clerk had stated in his examination . Now if it should turn out that this state- 287 ment was correct , he could not admit a doubt that it would be sufficient to determine the house to examine more narrowly and minutely into the matter and allegations of the report before they would ground upon it either censure or disapprobation . There were four different errors in the single statement , and these proved unanswerably the necessity of a fuller investigation . It was only by adopting such a course that they would be enabled to do what was right for the public , and at the same time fair for the individual . As the supposition of participation on the part of his lordship in the profits arising from the use of the public money formed no part of the charge , but was glanced at as matter of suspicion only , it was wholly unnecessary for him to advert to it , particularly as that was to be made the ground of further investigation . He had hoped , after the declaration that had been made by the noble lord in his communication to the commissioners laid before the house , which he had stated himself ready to verify with the sanction of a solemn oath , that he should have heard no more of suspicion . The hon . gent . had observed , that the ground upon which the noble lord had declined answering had been well understood ; but the noble lord by his letter had declared , that his refusal to answer had arisen solely in consequence of the way in which Mr. Trotter had kept his accounts , and because he could not possibly know whether Mr. Trotter might not have made advances to him out of the public money.—The hon . gent . had adverted to the sum of 100,000l . paid to lord Melville 's account , during the whole period that he was in office , and until the whole of lord Melville 's account with Mr. Trotter should be made up