I have some consolation in reflecting , that I have with me a person who enjoys as high a reputation as any member of the church , and for whose character I had the highest veneration and respect—I mean , Dr. Paley . He observes , `` it has indeed been asserted , that discordancy of religions , even supposing each religion to be free from any errors that affect the safety or the conduct of government , is enough to render men unfit to act together in public stations . But upon what argument , or upon what experience , is this assertion founded ? I perceive no reason why men of different religious persuasions may not sit upon the same bench , deliberate in the same council , or fight in the same ranks , as well as men of various or opposite opinions upon any controverted topic of natural philosophy , history , or ethics . '' Dr. Paley considers restraints only justifiable on account of political opinions , which may affect the safety of government . In endeavouring to state the case of exclusion , he says— '' After all , it may be asked , why should not the legislator direct his test against the political principles themselves , which he wishes to exclude , rather than encounter them through the medium of religious tenets , the only crime and the only danger of which consist in their presumed alliance with the former ? Why , for example , should a man be required to renounce transubstantiation before he be admitted to art office in the state , when it might seem to be sufficient that he abjure the pretender ? There are but two answers that can be given to the objection which this question contains : first , that it is not opinions which the laws fear so much as inclinations , and that political inclinations are not so easily detected by the affirmation or denial of any abstract proposition in politics , as by the discovery of the religious creed with which they are wont to be united : secondly , that when men renounce . their religion they commonly all con- 846 nexion with the members of the church which they have left , that church no longer expecting assistance or friendship from theme ; whereas particular persons might insinuate themselves into offices of trust and authority , by subscribing political assertions , and yet retain their predilection for the interests of the religious sect to which they continued to belong . By which means government would sometimes find , though it could not accuse the individual , whom it had received into its service , of disaffection to the civil establishment , yet that , through him , it had communicated the aid and influence of a powerful station to a party who were hostile to the constitution . These answers , however , we propose rather than defend . The measure certainly can not be defended at all , except where the suspected union between certain obnoxious principles in politics , and certain tenets in religion , is nearly universal ; in which case it makes little difference to the subscriber whether the test be religious or political : and the state is somewhat better secured by the one than the other . '' I shall only take up the time of the house a few moments in reading another passage , in which it is clearly stated , that restrictions should not be continued after the circumstances in which they have originated have ceased . `` Thus , if the members of the Romish church for the most part adhere to the interests , or maintain the right , of a foreign pretender to the crown of these kingdoms , and if there he no way of distinguishing those who do from those who do not retain such dangerous prejudices , government is well warranted in fencing out the whole sect from situations of trust and power . But even in this example it is not to popery that the laws object , but to popery as the