, and meliorate their condition : and we may may endeavour to make a more ge- 710 neral provision for the education of their children ; not interfering with religious tents , but attending to their instruction , to making them useful to themselves and to the community , and to giving them the unequivocal advantage of religious and moral habits . These , my lords , I looked to , as the objects of this petition . But what do I find in it ? nothing in which the general mass of the Irish catholics is concerned ; nothing that is connected with personal toleration ; nothing that is to promote the social and domestic habits of the labouring class , or to improve their resources : nothing , my lords , that is to have a general operation in bettering the condition of our catholic fellow subjects in Ireland ; or that is calculated to do more than to give certain privileges and influence to a very few opulent individuals among them . In short , my lords , this is not a petition for toleration , but a demand of power . It is a complaint , that the present system detaches from property its proportion of political weight and influence ; and it asks of the legislature three things—the right of sitting in parliament ; of exercising corporate offices ; and of being subjected to the burthen of acting as sheriffs of counties : —The first , comprising the functions of legislation ; the second , the privileges of corporate franchise ; and the third , the important delegation of his Majesty 's executive power , in every county of Ireland . These , my lords , are powers of no inconsiderable magnitude . But before we grant them , let us at least pause , until we have ascertained how far their effects may extend ; and whether , after such a concession , we shall , or shall not , be able to obtain toleration for our protestant fellow subjects in Ireland . Let us pause , until we have well considered the guards , which the English constitution has placed over our established church ; and , while we sedulously grant every reasonable indulgence to the scruples of the conscientious , let us keep inviolate the barriers of our religious and political constitution , and preserve that entire , which can only be preserved by its entirety . In the consideration of this subject , it will be necessary to advert to the superior number of papists in Ireland ; to the peculiar powers which their clergy exercise over the laity ; to the general connection of that clergy with a foreign power ; and to the degraded and servile dependance of the head of their church , upon a state extremely inimical to this country . We must also advert to the irritation of recent hostillties ; and 711 not merely to the probable consequences to the Irish protestants , but also the danger to the catholics themselves ; and I may add , to the indelicacy , not to use a harsher term , of placing increased power in their hands , circumstanced and connected as they at present are . It will also be important that your lordships should consider the consequences , as to other sects ; whether you can refuse to Irish protestant , what you grant to every Irish catholic ; and again , on what ground you can give to the Irish catholics , that which you withhold from the catholics in England ; and where , and upon What principle the line is to be drawn . All this requires serious and mature deliberation . It must again and again be considered ; and every possible effect and consequence weighed with the nicest and most attentive accuracy , and with the most patient continuance of labour , before a change so fundamental and unprecedented be adopted . For , my lords , if the bulwarks of our established church are in part removed , how will the other separated and insulated parts be protected ?