. He was likewise not perfectly clear in his understanding of what fell from the chancellor of the exchequer , respecting the number of four-fifths of the recruits being made up from the Militia regiments . thought it could hardly he necessary for any person to ask for any particular reasons being given for the proposed measure , which was merely a proposition , that , if carried into effect , went to make the men more useful to the country than their present mode of service could possibly render them . Under the various limitations and restrictions that were proposed , he could not perceive that any injury would be sustained by the militia service in general . On the contrary , he was led to think , that though the battalions were less in number , they would , from the provisions of this measure , be made more effectual in point of strength , and , consequently , more useful . A great part of the safety of the country , he considered to have been owing to the steps taken with respect to the militia , in the year 1799 , during the last war . Upon the whole view of the subject , he was 81 convinced that the plan proposed deserved . to be supported . took notice of the three reasons alledged for the introduction of this extraordinary measure ; namely , the want of men for the regular army ; the scarcity of officers for the Militia , and the stated ardour of the men belonging to the Militia to volunteer for the regular army . Now , as to the 1st , he conceived it to proceed from the inefficiency of the measure adopted at the instance of the present ministers , for the augmentation of our regular army ; the 2nd , he thought a very natural result of that system of tampering with the Militia , which had obtained of late years , particularly under , the auspices of the right hon . mover of the proposition before the house . As to the 3d allegation , that many of the Militia were ready to volunteer into the line ; the manner which seemed to have been taken to ascertain , or rather to excite that disposition , had been already stated , and animadverted upon with proper severity by a noble lord ( Temple . ) To what that noble lord had stated he should only say , . that it appeared to him . absolutely nothing less than an endeavour to excite a spirit of mutiny among the militia , to render them discontentd with the force in which they were engaged and to which they were sworn— Flectere si nequeo superos Acheronta movebo.—Ministers seemed resolved to stop at no expedients , to respect no boundary however venerable , no institution however sacred ; to attain an object which they promised when they displaced their predecessors , to accomplish without delay or difficulty . The hon . gent . complimented the late economical and constitutional ministry , as he described them , for declining to lay a sacrilegious hand on the militia , and declared that he Should rather see the militia system dissolved altogether than thus mutilated and frittered away . He conjured the house not to give way to such bills as the right hon . gent . who proposed this motion was in the habit of bringing forward . He said , the militia officers considered this as a measure of debasement , and he agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , that the difficulty of procuring militia officers was owing to the degrading situation they had been placed in , of serving as mere drill-serjeants , to raise men as militia ; and the moment they became disciplined by their labour and attention , they were seduced away , and enlisted into the army . Where were all the magnificent promises made by the right hon . 82 gent . when he brought in his Defence bill ? What was become of the abusive epithets he had used of `` imbecile