would leave the militia still in a state in which its spirit would not be diminished , nor its character impaired , in a state altogether such that its commanders would have no reason to regret the change that would have taken place . It was not necessary in this stage of the business to go into the detail . The number it was proposed to take was 17,000 , out of 68,000 that were now embodied . Thus the proportion that would be called upon to volunteer from each regiment was such , that it was not likely to deteriorate the part that remained . The greater proportion would remain , and may be composed of or may include those men for whom the officers had a predeliction . It was , indeed , a satisfaction that the militia was so constituted , that if its own officers were to chuse the men they were to retain , the remainder 75 would be highly valuable to the army ; or if the officers of the army were to select those they would take , those who would remain would be still valuable for the militia . The mode of regulating the volunteering that he proposed was , that when the quotas for the counties should be fixed , and the orders specifying the quotas they were respectively to furnish ; a time , not very long , should be allowed to each officer to select those of the men disposed to volunteer , with whom he was most willing to part , and to tender them . If the men so tendered should amount to four-fifths of the quota of the regiment , the regiment should be released from all further claims . This regulation afforded the commanding officer the means of excluding all intervention that could be disagreeable to his feelings . If , on the expiration of the term allowed , the proportion of four-fifths of the quota should not be furnished , the Commanding Officer was to have the liberty of setting apart one-half of the regiment to constitute the foundation of the regiment that was to remain to him : the other half was to be handed over to government to take from it the proportion of volunteers to which it was entitled , the remainder to be given back to complete the regiment . If a greater number should volunteer than Government was entitled to take , they were to be reduced to the just proportion by ballot . For example , in a regiment of 1000 men to be reduced to 700 , commanding officer may set aside 500 men , to whom no offer could be made , and who were to remain to him without any disturbance whatsoever . From the other 500 government would take its quota , and the remainder was to be restored to the commanding officer , to form his regiment at the reduced establishment . Out of 68,000 , the present amount of the effective Militia , 34,000 were to be set aside to remain untouched , as the foundation of the 51,000 , which would form the whole of the reduced Militia . When government would have taken its proportion of the other 34,000 , that was about one half , the remainder would be restored , and if four-fifth of that proportion were provided and offered at the time limited , the regiments would remain undisturbed by any further call . Thus he set out on a proposition that left no room for jealousy to the commanding officers ; and whatever mode was adopted the effect could not but be desirable to the a regular army . The mode he proposed seemed altogether the best calculated to meet the 76 wishes and desires of the persons concerned . It was not necessary to enter further into the details of tie measure , unless any gentleman desired information on a Particular point . When the bill should be introduced , he would feel the same desire to attend to the suggestions of gentlemen as he had in framing the measure in the first instance ,