the penalties of the custody of the black rod , or commitment to the Tower . For his own part , in such a case , did every subject in his majesty 's dominions think he 591 was acting wrong , he should perform his duty to himself , to all their lordships , and to the house in general , and , therefore , to the country , in strenuously recommending , nay , even in insisting , with reference to the standing order , upon such a proceeding as that recommended by his noble friend , it should be referred to the committee of privileges , to enquire what had been the former practice of the house upon such occasions . He agreed with the noble lords , that no delay should take place . explained , that , in his opinion , where the will of the peer required , and the permission of the house combined , the case was materially altered . In many cases it was highly desirable that every possible information should be afforded , with a view to the ends of public justice . He repeated his hope that no unnecessary delay would be suffered to take place . in further explanation , observed , that he did not object to the matters being referred to a committee of privileges . He had only expressed his doubts of the propriety of a member of his majesty 's government coming forward , as the noble secretary of state did in the present instance . contended , that in a case like the present , it was more peculiarly the duty of a member of his majesty 's government to come forward , and endeavour to point out the most correct and unexceptionable line of proceeding ; and he must say , that he thought an expression which had fallen from a noble earl , charging his noble friend with endeavouring to throw obstacles in the way of an investigation instituted in the house of commons , had been somewhat hastily used . in explanation , repeated his regret , that this motion had been brought forward by a member of his majesty 's government , for the reason he had before stated ; at the same time he should not object to referring the matter to the committee of privileges . felt himself called upon , in consequence of what had been said and repeated by the noble lord , to say a few words in vindication of his own conduct . It was very true that he was a member of his majesty 's government ; but he did not forget , at the same time , that he was also a member of their lordship 's house , and as such he should have been wanting to his duty if he had not called their attention to their privileges and their standing orders . He was conscious of no wish or intention to 592 throw any obstacles in the way of any investigation instituted with regard to the conduct of lord viscount Melville . His only wish in this case was , that the privileges of their lordships should be maintained , and their standing orders adhered to , and it was with this view , and this alone , he had brought forward his proposition.—The motion was then agreed to , and the committee of privileges was ordered to sit on Monday for the purpose of taking the subject into consideration.—Adjourned . —The sheriffs of . London presented at the bar the petition of the lord mayor , aldermen , and common council of the city of London , in council assembled , against the prayer of the Catholic petition , now on the table of the house.—Ordered to lie on the table till the day for taking said petition into consideration.—Mr . Leycester informed the house from the bar , that pursuant to their order he had waited on the lords with their request to their lordships , that they would permit lord viscount Melville to attend the committee appointed to consider further of the matter of the tenth