fact is completed . It is said , that since the Roman catholics have already got so much , they ought not to ask for more . My principle , however , is directly the reverse . It is natural that men in a state of servitude should wish to recover their rights ; that they should desire to assimilate their rights with those of their fellow-citizens , in order that they may acquire a greater degree of similarity with them . It is their ambition to be 844 no longer slaves , but to become men . They ask this ; and until they , obtain all they want , they have comparatively gained nothing . It would be to shut your eyes to all the evidence of history , to suppose that you could impose upon men an obligation not to look forward to the complete acquirement of their rights ; from the moment they began to enjoy any of them , they must aspire to be on a parity with the rest of their fellow-citizens The better argument is , that having already conceded so much , what remains is nothing to you to give . Nothing can be more absurd than the conduct which is adopted towards the Roman catholics . You admit the lower orders into the army and navy , and you prevent the higher from rising to that rank they might expect to attain . You put arms into the hands of men , who , if the French were to land , might be , from their want of knowledge , influenced to do you mischief ; and yet you will not trust lord Fingal , or his brother , with a command . You rely , however , it appears , with confidence , on the loyalty of the ignorant and the prejudiced , and you intrust them with arms . Of which class of Roman catholics are you afraid ; the higher , or the lower ? You do not trust those whose property gives them an interest in the country , and whose superior knowledge and information teach them to prefer the government of their country to every other ; but you rely on the ignorant and uninformed . You place in the hands of the latter the means of insurrection , and you take from the former the power they would have , by their influence , to repress commotions . But though you have little to give , what they have to ask is to them immense . You have left them much power to do you mischief , and have afforded them little means of doing you good . Though they require only qualification , coporation , parliament , and offices under government , the object is of great magnitude to them . It is founded on the great principle of requiring to be placed on a footing of equality with their fellow-subjects . Equality of rights is one of the principles which is dearest to the human heart , and it is one which the laws of Great-Britain , to their immortal honour , sanction . In whatever country that principle prevails , it produce the greatest of blessings . That country is truly happy , where , in the language a great modern poet , `` Though poor the peasant 's hut , his feasts though small , `` He sees his little lot the lot of all ; 845 `` Sees no contiguous palace rear its head , `` To shame the meanness of his humble shed '' If a people are placed in a state of humility and degradation , can it be said , that to get out of that situation is to them nothing ? But the confusion which prevails on this occasion has arisen from mixing politics and religion , two things which it has always been the wish of the wisest philosophers and statesmen to keep distinct and separate . It is with great concern I have heard , that some eminent members of the established church are hostile to the proposition I have to make ; but