that he meant to make this motion , he had moved the amendment . It now appeared that the hon . gent . himself had discovered that the motion of which he had so given notice , was not sufficiently matured , and he wished another report of a committee to precede it . The change was , therefore , most evidently on the part of the hon . gentleman . said , that when he came down to the house it was his intention to postpone that notice . had no objection to other gentlemen changing their opinions , if they thought proper ; but he did not wish them to state that it was he who had changed his . did not apprehend that there was any great probability of the second committee being able to extract much more than the commissioners of naval enquiry had done . If there was to be a committee appointed for the purpose of investigating this business farther , he should , however , prefer a committee with general powers to one whose powers would be limited . stated the ques- 412 tion , which was , whether the house should reserve to themselves the entire power of investigating the whole of the report , or refer a portion of it to the prosecution of the law officers . If the house adopted the former proposition , he could not easily be persuaded that to that a reference to a court of law might be united . He confessed he was inclined to prefer the latter ; and a great reason for this preference was his not being able to discover what superior means of arriving at the truth a select committee could possess over those belonging to a court of law . Why was it expected that a select committee should do more than the commissioners of naval enquiry , or all their extensive powers were enabled to do ? On the contrary , in his opinion , all that was wanting in the board of commissioners could be supplied by a court of law , and by that alone . He sincerely wished his hon . friend had been induced to move , in the first place , that the attorney general be directed to prosecute , and in the second that a select committee be appointed to examine those parts of the Tenth Report which were not included in the matter for prosecution . Both his hon . friends ' original motion , and the amendment by the right hon . gent . opposite , being however adhered to , and the question now being , whether a committee should be appointed with extensive powers , or a committee with limited powers , he was certainly disposed to vote for a committee with extensive powers , repeating at the same time , that he should have preferred the mode which he before alluded to . said , that he had proposed the committee to be invested with specific and limited powers , under the idea of a legal prosecution , at the same time as originally proposed by the framer of the motion . observed that his sentiments were so completely in unison with those of the learned gentleman on the second bench ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , and with those of the noble lord who followed him . ( H. Petty ) , that he should not feel it necessary to trouble the house at any great length on the subject . He certainly wished , that the committee should be vested with extensive authority . As to the amendment proposed by the right hon . gent even if it were necessary , it by no means included what it was intended to include . The true and accurate way of 413 describing it would be to give to the committee what was not given to the law ; but in his opinion the house should first fully discharge their own duty before they delegated their power to any other hands . A doubt had arisen in his mind on one of the points which had been introduced