be the sense of the house that such a motion should be persisted in , or that it was at all necessary after the resolutions of censure on a former evening . Many gentlemen who concurred in those resolutions thought that the wound which had been inflicted should not be aggravated by any unnecessary circumstances of severity ; that when the justice of the public was satisfied , the feelings of the individual ought not to be outraged , Even several gentlemen on the other side of the house did not seem to wish that the motion should be pushed to a division . The motion was accordingly withdrawn , and in the room of it the house agreed to lay the resolutions before the throne , and to await the ultimate decision of his majesty . By following this course , it was imagined that the same result would be obtained without wounding the feelings of the noble lord , who was already sufficiently afflicted by the general decision of the house . This step then being taken , it did not strike me that it was at all expected that it was my duty especially to advise his majesty to erase the name of lord Melville from the list of his privy counsellors . If I had conceived this to be the general wish of the house , I should , unquestionably , have bowed , to it , but not 605 viewing the matter in this light , I did not conceive that I was bound to give the advice which the motion of the hon . gent . is calculated to enforce . Since that time , however , in consequence of the notice of the hon . gent . to renew his motion , I have felt it my duty to ascertain what is the prevailing feeling of gentlemen on the subject . I have had occasion to ascertain the sentiments of respectable gentlemen on both sides of the house , and seeing reason to believe that the step to which the motion of the hon . gent . is directed , was considered expedient , I have , however reluctantly from private feeling , felt it incumbent on me to propose the erasure of the noble lord 's name from the list of privy counsellors . I confess , sir , and I am not ashamed to confess it , that whatever may be my deference to the house of commons , and however anxious I may be to accede to their wishes , I certainly felt a deep and bitter pang in being compelled to be the instrument of rendering still more severe the punishment of the noble lord . This is a feeling of which I am not ashamed . It is a feeling which I can not drive from my bosom . It is a feeling which nothing but my conviction of the opinion of parliament , and my sense of public duty could possibly have overcome . After what I have said , I trust the hon . gent . will see the propriety of withdrawing his motion . Every public object is now obtained which the motion could accomplish , and I am sure the hon . gent . has candour and humanity enough not to press a discussion , the only effect of which must be to wound the already severely afflicted feelings of an unfortunate individual . —Since the right hon . gent . has told us that at last he has condescended to advise his majesty to remove lord Melville hem his privy council , I would wish to know whether that has been done in consequence of the resolutions of the house of commons ? At all events , sir , we have reason to rejoice in the triumph which justice has experienced , when we consider that they were compelled at length to give this advice who were for protecting lord Melville , because he was `` an old and faithful servant of the crown , '' and had only acted contrary to the intention of the act of parliament ! Why was this