Finance bills , the Stamp Duties , Postage Rates , Excise Duties , Malt Tax , Custom Duties Drawback , and the Irish Expiring Law bills , were severally read a second time.—Mr . Alexander brought up from the commons the Irish Sugar Bounty bills , which together with a few Private bills , presented by other gentlemen , were read a first time.—Mr . Irving , Inspector-General of the Customs , presented an Account of the Imports of Great Britain , for 18 years , ending 5th January , 1805.—Mr . Mitford , from the Treasury , presented an , Account of the public expenditure for the last year , and of the Unfunded Debt on the 5th of January last.—Mr . Young , from the Custom House , presented certain Accounts relative to the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain , directed to be annually laid before Parliament ; and certain Accounts were presented from the Post Office . These accounts were severally ordered to lie on the table , Adjourned . —The house having attended the house of lords , pursuant to a summons by the Usher of the Black Rod , the Speaker , on their return , informed them that the Royal Assent had been given by Commission to the Marine Mutiny , and Lord J. Thynne 's Indemnity Bills.—Mr . Johnson , from the Chief Secretary 's Office in Ireland , presented an Account of the Irish 61. per Cent . Duties . Ordered to lie on the Table.—Mr . Irving , from the Customs in Scotland , presented an Account of the Exports and Imports to and from Scotland ; and also of all Arrears and Balances in the hands of the Commissioners . Or- 87 dered to lie on the Table.—Mr . Huskisson presented an Account of the public Expenditure for the last year . Ordered to lie on the Table.—Similar Accounts with those from Scotland were presented from the Commissioners of Customs in England , and disposed of in the same manner.—Mr . Stavelly , from the Post Office , presented an Account of the Arrears and Balances in the hands of the Postmasters-General , up to the 5th of January , 1805 . Ordered to lie on the table.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , that there be laid before the House , in consequence of the 10th Report of the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry , an Account of the money paid in discharge of the balance of 433,000 , 17s . 6d . in the hands of John Fordyce , Esq . and also of the proposals made by him , and the securities offered for the liquidation thereof . Ordered.—Mr . H. Thornton , after stating the various proceedings that had taken place in regard to the days appointed for receiving the several petitions upon both sides of the subject of this petition ; the proceedings also in former petitions , the comparative number of freeholders to be enquired into , & c. & c. moved that the order for taking into consideration the remaining petition of Sir Francis Burdett against G. B. Mainwaring , Esq . On the 9th of April , be discharged ; which being agreed to , he next moved that it be taken into consideration on the 23d of April.—A long conversation then took place between Mr. Fox , who thought the lists should be first given in upon the last petition ; and that the 23d would be an unlikely day for a full attendance , on account of a festival on that day ; Mr. Thornton , Mr. Creevey , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and others . Mr. Thornton proposed to appoint the 25th of April , to which Mr. Creevey moved as an amendment the 1st day of June . On which the gallery was cleared for a division , which did not however take place , and Mr. Thornton 's motion was agreed to . Mr. Thornton then moved , that the lists of freeholders objected to on both sides , upon Mr. Mainwairing 's late petition , preparatory to the scrutiny , should be delivered in