particularly that it should not be supposed there is any essential difference , when , in fact , it 837 * is a difference of words rather than of principles . Whatever differences exist with respect to the two theories , it is evident they lead to the same practical consequences . To apply this to the Roman catholics of Ireland , I do not lay down a principle too large , when I state that it is the general right of the catholics , as well as of the Protestants , to be on an equal footing , to have equal laws , privileges , and immunities , in all cases where they are not prejudicial to the welfare of the state . The only differences that could arise would be with regard to the degree in which they should enjoy those rights . Cases might be put where persons might say nothing could justify a departure from the rule of right , but expediency . Some might say , political advantages , connected with external relations , would justify it ; others would require such a degree of expediency as would amount to a necessity . They would require that not only the greatness of the country , but the security of the country , should be concerned . I flatter myself we shall not go on such near shades . The Roman catholics of Ireland have undoubtedly a right to equal laws ; but the government has thought fit to curtail that right , and to put them on a footing disadvantageous to them.—To enter into the question , whether the laws for restraining the catholics were originally politic , or , rather , whether , they were just ; that is to say , whether the policy which dictated them was of such a nature as to render that just which was not within the general rule of justice , would be a discussion exceedingly unnecessary at this moment . At the same time , it will be necessary to attend to the particular period of history in which these restrictions were principally imposed . I think I need not state what will be the argument in reply . No man 's . mind , I hope , is so framed as to imagine that the restrictions can be justified on account of the length of time they have been allowed to continue . Such an opinion would be a solicism in political reasoning ; it would do away the original principle on which such slaws were founded , to contend , that though they might be unnecessary at the dine they were adopted , yet that , by a long lapse of time , they have acquired a prescriptive light . If a restrictive law is made on account of peculiar circumstances of a political nature , the moment those circumstances cease the restriction ceases to be politic , and consequently ceases to be just . I can not conceive how any man can be justified in supposing 838 * that , where the circumstances on which A law is founded have ceased , the justice of continuing that law can be a matter for fair reasoning . It may so happen , though I think it has not so happened in this case , but it has nearly happened , that the fact of long restrictions may make it difficult afterwards to restore the objects of them to that situation in which they would have been if the restrictions had never been imposed . I think one may generally state , that all the restrictions of the catholics were laid , not on their religious but their political opinions . At the time they were made , I have doubt whether many of those who concurred in them did not disapprove of the principle ; and have doubts also , whether . others did not mix sentiments of persecution and rancour with those restrictions . I would not wish to go to antient times ; but in the early period of the reigns of Queen Elizabeth and James I. no one can suppose it