to the laurels and contributed to the safety of the empire ; that though they have patiently and cheerfully shared with the protestant equal dangers in time of war ; yet they are not allowed to share equal advantages in the hour of peace : such an appeal must have some weight upon the mind ; and though it would not separate those who have still many reasons to be attached to the constitution ; yet , by destroying the possibility of its being made , you weaken the efforts of your enemies . It is these distinctions that have given rise to a spirit of party , that has been the misfortune of Ireland ; that has constantly and uniformly checked its progress towards improvement in time of peace , and I am sure increased its dangers in time of war . By removing the conviction in one man 's mind that he possesses superior advantages , in the other that he labours under disabilities and restraints ; by taking away this double conviction yoy will give a death blow tom party spirit ; for it is by this policy alone that the violent of both parties have been able to agitate and irritate ; I should almost have said exasperate the minds of the people against each other , even at times when the situation of the country and the danger of the state imperiously demanded harmony and unanimity . This subject has been so ably argued on this side of the house , and so feebly , in my opinion , on the other , that I feel it is but pressing on the patience of the house to urge any thing more in favour of the motion . But I can not avoid stating how much will be gained by the destruction of all party spirit . Consider Ireland with a liberal mind you will lament the disunion of her people ; but look at the situation of Europe , and the contest in which we are engaged , you will not only look at it with sorrow , but you will see the necessity of endeavouring to harmonize and unite . We may hope to defend Ireland by having the command of the seas , by blockading the fleets of our enemies ; this mode of defence has failed already , and may again fail ; but give to Ireland , to all its people , an equal interest in the defence of the 1037 constitution equal enjoyments of its blessings , you will then have a defence invulnerable by your enemy , which I doubt if the enemy would dare to encounter ; but which should he attempt , I have not the smallest doubt that the result would be defeat to him and security to us . said , that though he had risen very early in the debate with much anxiety , to deliver his sentiments on this important question at some length ; he had nevertheless given way , with great satisfaction , to the hon . member , ( Mr.Grattan , ) from the display of whose splendid talents so much expectation had been justly formed . As he now saw the house , at that late hour , little disposed to prolong the debate , he would trespass on their patience no further that to state two facts of considerable interest , and he would leave gentleman to draw their own conclusions from them . The first was the constitution of Corsica , as ratified by his majesty , and which stipulated that the Roman catholic religion , in all its evangelical purity ( which were the words of the act ) , should be the only national religion of Corsica , and all others tolerated ; and that the parliament should concert the discharge of the functions of the bishops with the see of Rome . The other fact was , that a Roman catholic priest , of the name of M'Donnel , had been commissioned by his majesty in the year 1794 , as chaplain to a catholic fencible regiment raised in Great Britain . The hon