duty and persisted , in spite of the remonstrances of many of his parish priests , of the entreaties of the protestant clergy , and of the earnest solicitations of the servants on their parts . His objection was not to the prayer , but to any prayer used by an heretic . With such a temper among the superior Roman catholic clergy , was it possible that there should be harmony between the Roman catholics and protestants of Ireland ? And yet the person who thus set a whole country in a flame by forbidding servants to hear a prayer , to the contents of which he could not object , read by their master , is said to have been deeply engaged in forming the extraordinary treaty which the court of Rome , in its state of degradation and subjection , has been com- 1073 pelled to conclude with the French government to preserve a remnant of papal power in France , in abject subserviency to that government . —The Roman catholic laity he considered in a very different light from their clergy ; and different parts of that laity he considered as standing in very different points of view , materially affecting the question before the house . The laity of the higher ranks in life were of two descriptions . Men of ancient estates , and of acknowledged condition and consequence in the country ; and men of recently acquired property , generally inferior in education and manners , as well as in birth , to the former . The first generally felt themselves deeply interested in the permanent peace of the country , and their conduct was generally influenced by a just consideration of their situation . Amongst these , the most distinguished , perhaps , was one whose name was suscribed to the petition on the table ( the earl of Fingal ) a nobleman of ancient family , of approved loyalty , and of great moderation when left to the operations of his Own mind . But of the men of newly acquired property , not a few had unfortunately adopted very different sentiments from those of that nobleman . They had imagined ( as men of newly acquired property were too apt of imagine ) that their rank and consequence in the country were not equal to their pretensions ; and they were therefore discontented . Unfortunately , too , men of this description had of late gained the lead amongst the Irish Roman catholics , and the influence of the men of ancient rank and ancient possessions had been nearly destroyed . They were put forward to the public view when it answered a purpose to do so ; but they had little direction or control of the measures which they were called upon to countenance and support . Many of those who had thus superseded the influence of the ancient nobility and gentry of the country , were supposed to have imbibed principles not very friendly to any church government ; but they might still wish to use the power which their clergy assumed for the purposes which they had in view . The laity of the inferior orders were much more numerous than those of the two former descriptions , in proportion to the general Roman catholic population . They had nothing to gain in the avowed objects of the petition . They suffered nothings , individually , from the restrictions of which the others complained ; and they were therefore wholly indifferent ( when left to the in- 1074 fluence of their own feelings and judgment ) to the removal of continuance of those restrictions , and their indifference was so well known , that it was absurd to talk of the removal of those restriction as tending , in any degree , to . conciliate them . They were taught to be discontented on other grounds ; and so far were they from being anxious to restore to the Roman catholic hierarchy the revenues of the church , that the abolition of tithes was a principal object of their wishes . This was so strongly felt by