. As the case now stood , the noble lord was not punished in any degree at all . If the present question , or the amendment moved upon it , or an impeachment , went nearer the accomplishment of their object , he should vote for it . He had no other anxiety , than to see adopted the speediest mode of obtaining redress for his constituents . in explanation , said , that lord Melville had already been sufficiently punished , unless he was convicted of wilful participation in the illicit profits . felt no very strong motives of preference for a criminal rather than a civil prosecution . Be feared that either would be found inadequate for the discovery of a corrupt participation on the part of lord Melville . But as he now had no other choice , he should vote for the amendment , as it seemed somewhat more closely to follow up the spirit and intention of the resolutions which the house had already adopted . This was more his object than a vain attempt to recover the money . 501 Should the house adopt no other measures than those now proposed in furtherance of their resolutions , they would but ill answer the expectations which the country had conceived from the resolutions . By these the house had pronounced that lord Melville had been guilty of a flagrant breach of the law , and of an evident dereliction of duty ; and was no legal punishment to follow such a proved and acknowledged offence ? As to an impeachment , little could be expected from it . The public justice of the country might be better satisfied , perhaps , by a criminal prosecution , and in that view of it , he should vote for that mode of proceeding . said , there were two modes proposed ; one for a civil suit , and the other for a criminal process . The gent . who proposed the former said , he did not think lord Melville had participated in the slightest degree in the emoluments of Mr. Trotter . He would ask , why then did he move that a civil action should be instituted against him ? Surely , every person must see that such a motion was absolutely useless , that it must be worse than useless in the opinion of the gentleman who made the motion ; as , though he was convinced lord Melville did not participate in the profits of Mr. Trotter , he made this motion , it is to be supposed , to prevent those on the other side from instituting more effectual proceedings . The house was how driven to make a choice of the two measures , and , something like a grand jury who had not found a bill , they were about to proceed for the recovery of the money , assuming every thing which ought first to be precisely ascertained . The house were turning their backs upon that of which they had proof , namely , the violation of the law , and they were sending the participation , of which they had no proof , before a jury . said , that the hon . gent . who had made the present motion , did not seem to have attended to the circumstances of the case . For that hon . gent . he entertained the highest respect , but he could not think that his motion was calculated to produce any good effect . The subject of the motion was one , on which there was no proof , and in the success of which , their own professional men did not hold out to them any very flattering hopes . What man could seriously listen to the recommendation , who would not I most smile at the right hon . and learned 502 gent . in contending that a civil prosecution was the only remedy , and yet at the same time confessing that they would not answer foe the success of it . He sincerely regretted that the powers of the committee had been