laid on the application of a particular sum to a different service from that for which it had been voted . There was an allegation in the Report on this head , and the hon . gent . had stated a particular sum as having been advanced in this way , and was afterwards repaid by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Long ) . He had himself been a party to that transaction , and he should be .ashamed to address the house on the subject if he could not explain the matter , as far as related to the share he had had in the business , to their entire satisfaction ; so that however illegal the application might have been in the first instance , and he was ready to take that for granted , it would appear to have arisen from considerations of public interest , and to have been transferred from the service for which it had been voted only for a time , and , without either any inconvenience or loss , replaced afterwards . It was impossible to disclose the circumstances under which it had been applied ; but if the house would consent to appoint the committee , he should produce the most convincing statements , so far , at least , as he was concerned . The whole sum particularized amounted to 100,000l . out of which two different sums of 40,000l . each had been drawn with his privity , under circumstances which he could fully justify to the house ; and as these sums made the much greater part of the whole sum specified , there was every reason to think that the whole had been applied in a manner equally justifiable . The noble , lord had , at that time , other high official situations , and might have had occasion , and could , without his privity , have applied sums occasionally to a different service from that for which they had been voted , with a view to the public interest ; and though he was not in possession of the circumstances , he had no 284 doubt that the noble lord could satisfactorily account for the transaction . As to the other part of the hon . gent . 's charge , that lord Melville had connived at the Paymaster of the Navy keeping the public money in his hands , and applying it to purposes of private profit , he confessed that this appeared to him a fit object of attention , when they should come to consider the question in the whole of its bearings . He was prepared to admit that the conniving at such conduct in a paymaster of the navy was not justifiable , but thought , nevertheless , that . much would depend on the circumstances ; the extent , and the danger that had been incurred . He maintained that the commissioners had not stated that the issue had been greater than the service required ; and he insisted that from their report it was evident that they believed that to be the case . It was also agreed to by them , that the money had not been applied so as not to be ready to satisfy any demand or sudden emergency ; and they had not even insinuated that any effect had been produced in the increase of expence , or the aggravation or augmentation of additional burthens ; nor had they attempted to charge that any demand of any individual had been a single moment retarded . As to this application of the money to private purposes of profit , it did not appear that lord Melville had been aware of it ; the hon . gent . however , had dwelt much on this circumstance , founding his observations on the intricate accounts of the commissioners , by which it appeared that he had not considered the matter in detail . The hon . gent . had said much of the risk that had been incurred ; and he was not disposed to deny that if the danger had been great ,