their intention was to extinguish the monarchy , to put an end to the connexion between Great Britain and Ireland , and in their room to erect a republic without a king , a priest , or a noble . The leaders of that rebellion were certainly too able not to have taken advantage of any circumstance which might have led in the most remote degree to weaken the government , and to render their cause triumphant . They consequently appealed to every bad passion , to every malignant feeling of the human heart . It is impossible that any contest can take place in Ireland , into which , the bitterness and poison of religious and sectarian prejudices will not enter : all men who entertain views inimical to the public peace , would naturally seize every occasion to increase those dissensions . It is to be lamented that these arts sometimes operate on the minds of the low , ignorant , and vulgar part of the catholic community ; but One , can not be at all surprised when we reflect that the protestant , though generally of a higher class , and much better educated and informed , was too often the dupe of these artifices , and suffered his mind to be biassed , his understanding controuled and his generous feelings warped by the existence of those very prejudices of Which he so loudly complained.—It is impossible to pass over in silence many things which have fallen from noble lords in this debate , without an endeavour to rescue the character of my country and my countrymen from aspersions which , had they been Uttered in any other place , I should not have hesitated to have called most unfounded calumnies . As long as there was a resident parliament in Ireland , it was the ignoble policy , the wretched practice of the representatives of the people to libel and malign their constituents . I am sorry to see such conduct imitated here . It was the strongest argument in favour of the union , that an appeal was made from . the passions and prejudices of a little country to the temper , the moderation , the cool and deliberate wisdom of a great nation . Miserable indeed is the situation of Ireland , hopeless and without 766 relief are her circumstance , if this her found expectation , her last , her only remaining refuge is to be disappointed ; if by so many sacrifices she has only obtained the dearly bought permission of displaying her miseries on a more extended theatre , where the errors , the misfortunes , the crimes of Ireland are to be re-echoed from one house of parliament to the other , in order to give them publicity to Europe , and that , in future , no foreigner should doubt how weak and vulnerable the empire is in that quarter ! Do not , I beseech you , my lords , believe that the Irish are a nation of degraded beings , insensible to the blessings of law , order , and government . There is neither candour nor justice in estimating the character of a whole people by the standard of the conduct of a few atrocious criminals , by excesses committed in moments of heat , irritation , and civil war . By this mode of reasoning , the whole of the French nation would be made answerable for the infuriate and sanguinary spirit which governed and disgraced for years of the revolution the populace of Paris . The virtues of the inhabitants of Ireland , and they do possess virtues , belong at least to themselves , and are peculiarly their own : their faults are the faults of their situation , and of the calamities which have too often distracted and oppressed their unhappy country . The frequent changes of property during the seventeenth century , the persecuting code of the eighteenth , the marked line of separation between the old inhabitants and the new , have established distinctions which nor time , nor circumstances , nor christian charity , nor political necessity