a proceeding was impossible . spoke in explanation , and slightly adverted to the inconveniencies which must sometimes arise from too literal an enforcement of the or- 180 ders ; alluding to what had taken place last night , and its being contended that a standing order admitted of no debate , but that it should be immediately acted upon ; he adverted to the inconsistency of such an idea , which went to prevent a noble and learned friend of his from demonstrating that it was impossible to comply , with the order in question . perfectly concurred in What had been thrown out by his noble friend on the woolsack . With respect to their lordships ' being required by the order to sit in their Proper places respectively ; he conceived it to mean that the barons should sit together on certain benches , the earls on other distinct benches , the dukes on others , and so on . This consideration was with him an additionally strong and forcible objection to the order , which may render it necessary that their lordships should , as at the word of command , arrange themselves in a species of military array , or fall into their respective ranks , like soldiers on the parade : but setting any thing like a ludicrous consideration of such a proceeding aside , it militated as well as other serious and more important objections , against the order.—The question was put , and their lordships ordered to be summoned for Monday next.—Adjourned . took the oaths and his seat on his re-election for Bath.—Mr . Creevey gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for some further documents relative to the balances in the hands of the late hon . Keith Stuart.—Lord Brome brought in a bill for improving the port of Ipswich in Suffolk , which was read a first time.—Dr . Duigenan gave , notice , that he would to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill for the amendment of Queen Anne 's bounty act , in Ireland.—Mr . S. Bourne , pursuant to order , presented an account of the application of the surplus revenue of the Isle of Man.—Ordered to be printed.—The innkeepers bill went through a committee , and was ordered to be reported to-morrow.—The customs duty bill , the American treaty bill , and the Bengal council bill , were read a third time and passed . moved the order of the day for the house going into a committee on this bill . said , that having already fully stated to the house his Opinion on this subject , and having found that the sense of the house was for passing this bill , he should not now take up their time with recapitulating the arguments he had before offered ; he rose now merely for the purpose of suggesting to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer a measure that thought would have the most important effect in increasing the disposable force of the empire from Ireland , or rather in encouraging those soldiers , who were not now disposable , to become so . The measure he now begged leave most earnestly to recommend , was to make such a provision for the wives and children of those who volunteered , as would at least remove the principal objection which now stands in the way of their volunteering . The wives of the soldiers in the Irish militia and army of reserve now receive an allowance of two shillings a week , and formerly received four ; but , from the moment any of these soldiers volunteered for general service , this allowance ceased . If this great discouragement was removed , he was sure they would be much more ready to enter the regular army . At present , the misery that was entailed on Ireland , under the system which now prevails , was most dreadful . The face of the country was covered with the wives and children of soldiers begging their bread . There was hardly ever any considerable embarkation of troops from Portsmouth or