which they formed it . It is fit to be remarked , that the first decisive step of the French revolutionists in their career of anarchy , was the subversion of their church establishment , which led mediately to the subversion of their civil government . The consequence of the proposed measure , if adopted , will be the same in the British empire ; it therefore meets the approbation of all the Jacobins in it . To demonstrate that Irish romanists neither gave , nor could give , any assistance to the measure of an incorporating union , it is only necessary to state a known matter of fact , which is , that a great majority of the Irish parliament would never have agreed to an incorporating union with Great Britain , if any hint had been given , or had it even been suspected , that the present measure would be attempted , after an union had taken place . I call on the persons concerned on the part of government in conducting the business of the union in the Irish house of commons to deny this fact , if they can ; for my own part , I can truly aver ; that , instead of warmly supporting the measure of an union in the Irish commons , I would have opposed it to the utmost of my power had I suspected that measure as the precept would have been introduced into the imperial parliament , in the event of an incorporating union taking place ; and I know many members of the Irish commons , supporters of the union , who would have decidedly opposed it , had they any suspicion of the present measure being one of its consequences : in short , a great majority of the Irish commons would have done so . One principal argument made use of by all the agents of government to the Irish members to induce them to agree to an union was , that all hostility of the British Cabinet to Irish protestants , and all fart her encouragement and support of Irish romanists , would for ever cease , on an union between the two countries taking place , because all inducement to such a species of policy would then for ever cease . Could any British subject ever suspect that in the reign of a prince of the house of Brunswick , a measure would be proposed in a British parliament , the attempting of which cost the unhappy James II . his crown , expatriated him and his posterity , and caused a breach in the hereditary succession of our kings , always serious 891 evil in an hereditary monarchy ? Astonishing , that what our kings could not even attempt with impunity , should be , after a lapse of one century , daringly attempted ; and that too under the reign of a prince , whose sole title to the crown rests on a principle , directly adverse and opposite to the principle of this measure ! His title is a protestant title , and , thanks to heaven ! our monarch is a protestant , a sincere one , and bound by his oath , and as strongly by his principles , to maintain the protestant religion as by law established . This measure directly tends to the sapping of his title ; for if it is just and advantageous to the state , now to invest romanists with equal political privileges with protestants , it was equally so in the reign of king James II . Such a measure , now that an union between Great Britain and Ireland has taken place , is more mischievous to the British empire , than it could have been in the reign of James ; because in his reign few romanists could obtain seats in the British parliament , as their sect was not then , nor is it now , very numerous in Great Britain . But Irish romanists , if this measure succeeds , will obtain seats in the imperial parliament , and in the course of a few years