the present day they are unable , not being possessed at present of sufficient political weight and influence . Their unremitting zeal in pursuit of political influence and authority , their implicit submission on ruling and foreign power to the exclusion of the supreme authority of the state , their being all governed by one common principle , and firmly linked together by one general rule of action , render it not wise to intrust them with power upon a supposition that , because it might at the commencement be inconsiderable , it could not hereafter be rendered dangerously great . Sixty-four of the Irish members of the house of commons sit for counties , and many of the other thirty-six for open boroughs . The priests must have considerable weight in influencing the elections , as between protestant and Roman catholic candidates ; and were Roman catholics eligible to parliament , probably at a period not very remote the representation on the part of Ireland would be completely Roman catholic . That body of men would enjoy a great part of the Irish patronage . Who can measure the influence of a body of men so constituted ? who can foretel what they might effect by a junction at a critical moment with other bodies of men , standing in need of their assistance , and ready to make them a proportionate return of favour and support ? To conciliation and unanimity there must be two parties—the Roman catholics , and all the protestants of the entire empire ; and their mutual concurrence will scarcely be obtained by holding out to the Roman catholics the possibility that , by unremitting perseverance on their part , the laity may be restored to the forfeited lay property , their ecclesiastics to the church lands , the supremacy of the pope be established , and a Roman catholic ascendancy be substituted in the place of the protestant ascendancy , and by conveying to the protestants the idea that what so ever the Roman catholics gain , the protestants must lose . The number of Roman catholics is to be considered in relation to the whole empire . In ascertaining the class of persons in whom the power of the state is to be vested , property , rank , respectability , talent , knowledge , judgment , and congeniality of principles which those of the state , are more to 763 be attended to than numbers . If numbers and physics force , unaccompanied by political Weight and influence , whilst they can be brought into action only in opposition to , and under the controul of the laws , and of the systematic authority of the state , are to excite apprehension , how much more serious cause of alarm would there be , if the same physical strength were aided by political Weight and influence , moulding and shaping the laws so as to give a free and uncontrouled course to such conjoined force ? Let it be understood that political power to unsettle the state is unattainable , and the dangerous consequences of pursuing projects of innovation in violation of the law , and in opposition to the protestants of the empire , and all the honest and loyal men of the Roman catholic persuasion , will not be risked . The church and the state are necessarily connected , each giving support to the other . Roman catholics hostile to the one , can not have the same attachment to the other as protestants have , whose tenets are not hostile to either . Notwithstanding that the monarch must not only be but must always have been protestant , were his advisers ( upon whose judgment he is to act ) to possess principles not congenial with those of the state , the constitution must gradually ( and the pore dangerously , because perhaps imperceptibly ) be impaired . In this country tests were adopted gradually , and in succession , with great and progressive caution—first as to corporation offices , then as to offices held under the state , then as to both houses of parliament ,