signed by himself.—The hon . gent . said , that he had voted in favour of the resolutions , because he thought it his duty , because the noble lord , in his opinion , had committed abuses ; but he was unwilling to go farther till he should obtain more evidence than the house had yet before them of the motives from which that noble lord had acted . That his lordship had permitted the commission of abuses he was ready to admit , and had voted accordingly , but that his conduct had proceeded from corrupt motives , he thought remained to be proved ; and notwithstanding , therefore , the vote he had given on Monday night , he could by no means go along with the hon . gent . in his motion of to-night . He could not help recollecting how long the noble lord had been an able and active servant of the public . From this recollection , he had given his former vote with regret ; and , from the same circumstance , could not be induced to go farther , unless from the most positive evidence of the corrupt intention of the noble lord , which evidence was not at present of such a nature as to justify any farther they proceedings . was of opinion , that the allusion made by the right hon . gent ( Mr. Canning ) to the two honourable persons whose naval and military conduct had been the subject of inquiry in that house the beginning of last war , was very injudicious , 351 and could serve no useful purpose . The part which he himself had taken in that discussion he had been prompted to by what he had at that time conceived to be a sense of duty , however painful he had felt the task . The two noble lords , however , had been amply acquitted by a vote of the house , and had since justified the good opinion of the public . In regard to the question now before the house , he thought this step moved by the hon . gent . absolutely necessary to carry into effect the resolutions formerly voted . It was by such a measure only they could tell his majesty that such persons were improper to hold any office of trust or confidence . This opinion , he maintained , originated in no motives of personal animosity to the noble lord . Hardly any , he believed , had fewer enemies than that noble lord , and far should he be from supporting any measure that he thought had its origin in the smallest degree from a rancorous or persecuting spirit . On the contrary , this , he maintained , was a measure of justice , and essential to the honour and dignity of the house . He hoped , therefore , the motion would be persisted in . disavowed any political connexions that could wrap his judgment on any great question of justice or policy . The vote he had given on Monday night had been purely disinterested , and had not arisen from the influence of any party . He disapproved of the abuses that had taken place , and had voted accordingly . He would take the liberty , however , though unconnected with any party , to recommend to the hon . gent . not to persist in his present motion . Was the hon . gent . certain that the circumstance of the case , taken in the whole , would warrant such a measure ? At any rate , he thought it extremely ill-timed ; and the same sense of duty that had prompted him to vote with the hon . gent . on Monday night would also induce him to resist the present motion . The design of the adjournment on the former night , was avowedly to decline any measure on the part of the house till they should see if his majesty would , from the suggestions of his own royal breast , take any step that might supersede the necessity of