years ; yet he was more pleased to see even such a proceeding , according to the established rules and customs of the country , than he would he to have witnessed an attempt to enter upon any measures , which should seem like an innovation on the established laws and customs of the land . It had been said , their lordships could not be certain that the commons house of parliament would exercise their privilege of impeachment ; and , therefore , that house ought to proceed by way of address . He could not , however , suffer himself to think , that any subject whatever of such importance as the present , could be agitated in that house , so as that it should be apparent it deserved impeachment , but that the commons would immediately take it up and prosecute it accordingly . It had been said , that proceeding by way of address was not a criminal charge ; but he thought otherwise . Was not the removal of a man from so high and distinguished an office as that of judge , a criminal charge ? Was not divesting him of honour , rank , and high official station , the strongest mark of a criminal charge ? In proof of this , his lordship referred to the cases of Lionel , earl of Middlesex , and lord Bacon , who were , on addresses , removed 46 from their offices , and rendered incapable of ever more voting in parliament . His lordship thought , therefore , that the house should consult all such precedents as could give the least insight into the case , and as such , would vote for the motion . rose to reply . The noble lord observed in forcible terms , on the cruelty of bringing the learned judge , whose case was under consideration , with his witnesses , from above 400 miles distance , to answer such serious charges as were alledged against him , before the house had fully deliberated and decided upon the proper mode of proceeding to investigate those charges . That mode was not , he maintained , as yet discovered ; and he very much apprehended that should the house proceed farther in the course recommended by the opponents of his motion , their lordships would find themselves in the aukward and degrading dilemma of being obliged to retrace their steps . in explanation stated , that he did not mean to insinuate that the object of this motion was to create delay , or to impede the progress of the investigation to which it referred ; but he would beg noble lords to be assured , that whatever impediments might be thrown in the way , this business should not end until complete justice was done between the country and the individual concerned . observed , that if the noble lord who had just sat down meant to say that , the object of his motion was merely to create delay , such language was not parliamentary , and if the noble lord did not mean to say so , his observation was altogether unnecessary . In vindication of his motives for the proposition he submitted to the house , he should only mention that he had no kind of acquaintance whatever with the learned person who was the object of this investigation , and that he was actuated solely by a sense of duty , and a desire to do justice.—The question being put , a division was called for , and the numbers were , contents 17 , non contents 29 ; majority 12.—On the readmission of strangers , lord A. gave notice of a motion upon the same subject for Monday next , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned.—Adjourned . —On the motion of sir W. Young , the account presented to the house of ships and their tonnage , cleared out from Ireland to the West Indies , was ordered to 47 be printed.—Sir J. Anderson presented a petition from several printers in the metropolis , stating , that the