be chosen by ballot . expressed his astonishment , that on a subject of such moment the right hon . gent . should resort to this mode . Nothing but the most perfect publicity could satisfy the ends of justice , or convince the public that they were in earnest . He said , that it was perfectly understood that a select committee of 21 , if chosen by ballot , was a committee of persons who , somehow or another , spoke the sentiments of the minister , and if this were chosen in that way , jealousy and distrust would be the consequence ; that this was a committee to try the ministers themselves , and that it was a monstrous thing that it should be nominated in a way that would countenance the supposition of influence . answered , that the mode of ballot was the ancient usage of parliament in such cases . To 427 the proceedings of committees chosen by ballot , the country owed the highest obligations , and he trusted his friends would not be diverted from following the ancient practice of the house in the best times by any insinuations of sinister motives . After a few words from Mr. Grey , the house divided on the motion for a ballot . Ayes 251 ; noes ; 120 majority 131.—Adjourned . The consideration of the appeal cause , Cathcart , Bart . v. the earl of Cassilis , being resumed , Mr. H. Erskine was heard on behalf of the noble respondent—The bills upon the table , chiefly of a private or local description , were read in their several stages.—The lord Chancellor called the attention of their lordships to the great number and accumulation of appeal causes and writs of error which now Jay over for consideration , particularly with respect to those which came from Ireland and Scotland . According to the present mode of proceeding , the attention of their lordships could not be regularly drawn to some of these , perhaps for years . It would be important that some line should be endeavoured to be struck out , or some arrangements formed , with a view to the more regular and expeditious hearing or disposal of these causes , in reference to the concerns of the parties , as well as to the business of the house . Under this impression , he should move for the appointment of a committee of their lordships , to take the subject , which was one in every point of view of great importance , into consideration . In such a proceeding , the order of rotation for hearing , in which the different cases at present stood , the respective general natures of the cases , and Also the places from whence the appeals were made , should be taken into consideration . It was his idea that their lordships who were present this session should be empowered to sit in such a committee . His lordship then moved to the following effect : `` That a committee of the Lords present this session be appointed to take into consideration the different appeals and writs of error now pending before the house , with a reference to a more regular , convenient , and expeditious mode of hearing and proceeding on the same ; and that the said committee do commence its proceedings on Tuesday next . `` —This propo- 428 sition meeting the sense of their lordships , it was ordered accordingly . The Earl of Suffolk , after shortly adverting to a recent communication which he had with the noble secretary of state , then in his place , observed , he should have to move their lordships with respect to the production of certain very important public accounts . He was aware that documents of this nature should not in general be produced , except adequate parliamentary or public grounds were laid for their exposition . In the present instance , he was confident the ground he should proceed on was unobjectionable in these points of view ; it was no less than that of public