stated , as the truth is , that the other four were desperate jacobins and infidels , with which species of people the Irish rebels-had closely connected themselves ; and that nearly the whole mass : of Irish traitors which broke out into open rebellion in the year 1798 were romanists , not one in five hundred of them being of any other religions persuasion ; and that they massacred in cold blood all the protestants , men , women , and children , who fill into their hands ; giving no other reason for their barbarity , than that the victims were protestants and heretics . It appears from some passages in the pamphlet , that it was written and published since the year 1798 . In that year burst forth the last rebellion of the Irish romanists , and the barbarous massacre of their protestant countrymen . The reports of the committees of the English and Irish houses of commons have been some years published : the conspiracy for rebellion , and the dreadful and dangerous mutiny of the Irish romanists in the : British fleet , are fully exposed in these reports ; yet the author of the pamphlet has the confidence to praise the loyalty of the Irish romanists , and to state , that in the late invasions of Ireland , none were more active in repelling the invaders , that among the men of influence and property , who were engaged the rebellion , three catholics can not be mentioned . There was but one invasion of Ireland during the last war , and conducted by Humbert , at the head of one thousand French troops . He landed in a part of Ireland , in which the bulk of the inhabitants were romanists , who joined him in a mass on his landing ; at his first encounter with the king 's troops , the greater part of a regiment of Irish militia , all romanists , deserted to him ; all the romanists of influence or property within the districts 904 adjacent to his quarters joined him . What then could induce the author to praise the loyalty of the Irish romanists ? He states , that if the Irish romanists did not flock to the standard of Britain , frightful indeed would be the solitude of her camps and her fleets . Poor Britain ! I Irish romanists , according to this pamphlet , are your only defenders ! The author means to insinuate , that all the Irish serving in the British fleets and armies are romanists , whereas not one half of them are so . And it is certain , that the protestants of Great Britain and Ireland would furnish sufficient armies and fleets , if romanists were entirely excluded . Since the mutiny in the fleet ; the recruiting officers for some time refused to enlist any Irish romanists for the marine service . The degree of merit of a Romish common soldier , serving under protestant officers in an army , nine-tenths of the common soldiers of which are protestants , in countries remote from his native land , removed from the baneful influence of his priests , and subject to military discipline , is so minute , that its value is not easily appreciated . He enlists for the bounty ; he is paid for , and obliged to perform his allotted service . The author of the pamphlet either did or did not know of the already mentioned rebellion and mutiny , when he published his praises of the loyalty of the Irish romanists : in the first case , he seems to be deficient in candour ; in the other , in . information . The pamphlet then states , that the Roman catholics acknowledge the spiritual supremacy of the pope , but to man deny his right to temporal power . It can be hardly supposed , that the author , if he be a lawyer , can be ignorant , that the wisest and most sagacious statesmen and legislator can not separate a vast portion of temporal influence , authority ,