for the house of commons to be jealous of its honour and dignity , surely this is the period when our calls to jealousy are greatly increased . The very strength and efficacy of our late resolutions must depend on the measures which we now form , not as against an individual , but for the support of the character of the house of commons . I therefore entirely coincide in the motion of my honourable friend who introduced this business , while it is impossible to disagree with the right hon . gent . opposite , that in all cases of a similar kind , we ought to proceed with the greatest fairness and impartiality . As a general principle , indeed , I lay it down that , independent of all party considerations , whenever gross or indecent attacks are made on the proceedings of this house , they ought to be punished with suitable severity . I therefore cordially vote for the motion . —The allusions which the hon . gent . has made to my conduct , renders it necessary to say a few words in reply . The hon . gent. , sir , has represented it to be an aggravation of this libel , that Mr. Wilson has been continued in my office after the opinion of this house had been formally declared . [ A general cry of No , No , from the opposite side of the house . ] With all due deference to the hon . gent . 's logic , I think it is , in this instance , altogether erroneous . It is , indeed , a most extraordinary position , that , because other persons had been guilty of improper acts , the author of the libel , who knows nothing of the matter , is to have a severer punishment . I wish , sir , the honourable gentleman had considered the matter a little better , and then , I am confident , he could not easily reconcile such ideas , either with logic or humanity . With regard to this Mr. Wilson , it is necessary for me to declare that I entertain for him no individual 385 concern or regard . In retaining him in the situation which he now holds , I looked only to the equity of the business . I could not reconcile it to my ideas of justice to dismiss one against whom no decision of this house had taken place ; against whom no proof of criminality , so far as the use of the public money is concerned , has been even attempted to be established . He indeed refused to answer certain questions from the commissioners of naval enquiry , but on what grounds did his refusal rest ? It was expressly under the idea that his answers would subject him to certain pains and penalties ; not that he participated of any money improperly applied , but that he acted as the deputy of a person whom a vote of the house had declared guilty of a misapplication of the public money . In all these transactions Wilson was merely the deputy , merely the instrument to carry forward the designs of another . True it is , he filled up drafts in the absence of his principal , but it was impossible for him , while he continued in the office , to refuse such an employment . He might indeed have resigned , but nothing short of this could have superseded the necessity of the conduct to which so much blame is now attached . Having then officiated as a deputy , Wilson very naturally refused to answer questions to which he knew that punishment might be applicable , and to which , under a clause of an express act , he was entitled to refuse any reply . Surely , sir , it will not be contended by the gentlemen on the other side , that the clause , under which Wilson refused to answer the commissioners , was intended to be an absolute nullity . It was certainly intended for some