, an expence of ,1l . 16s . per cent . While these subjects were under consideration , he hoped some attention would be paid to the districts of houses in Ireland , and for the distillery of that pernicious spirit called whiskey , which , though under excise , did not produce a shilling to the exchequer , while posts of smugglers were stationed through all parts of the country . To prevent these smuggling abuses , he hoped measures would be taken for establishing maritime turnpike gates , between the ports of Dublin , Waterford , and Donaghadee , and a more direct communication opened between the coast of Carnarvon and Ireland . thought that the schedule , comprising such a multitude of merchandise , should have been submitted to the inspection of mercantile men , as it was impossible for any member of that house to be so good a judge of the local effect such taxes may have in different places , as the parties more immediately concerned . In referring to that schedule , he found the duties on spermaccti candles , copper , tar , & c. raised to seven times their former duties , while rattans , walking sticks , and other inferior articles , experienced a diminution . As to timber , he said the last duty had diminished the consumption so much , since the union , that the revenue on them was 11,000l . The present tax , he thought , would reduce the consumption so much , that the duty would not pay the expence of the collection , and would render the cottages uninhabitable . The want of domestic comforts at home frequently encouraged the inhabitants of the country to idleness and riotous conduct at home . In the south of Ireland , the want of timber was a most grievous hardship , as in the county of Tipperary there were farms to the extent of sometimes 2 miles , without a hedge or bush to be seen upon them . He complained greatly of the want of security to the mails in Ireland , which were sometimes robbed 34 in the middle of the day by a single man only armed with a stick . The effect of this was that the letters from Waterford to Clonmell were obliged to be sent by special messengers , as none but boys are employed by the post-office . At the general post-office the letters were thrown by carelessly and promiscuously , and accessible to any one who should think proper to call for them . When the letters were sent out , it was usual for the postman to go home first to dinner , and then leave the letters behind him , while he went to a public house ; so that if the expectant merchant went to the man 's residence , he found the letters lying there totally unprotected ; and the bills and notes were very generally either lost or embezzled . The costs of the accountants now were at their own discretion , liable to no check whatever , as there was no person to check them ; and such he complained was the case in all the public boards and offices in Ireland . said , that the balances of the collectors , though stated at 1,200,000l . were actually no more than 1,30,000l . as the duties were not yet paid , which Were to produce the remainder . As to the general state of the country , he said , that so far from Ireland 's being unfairly dealt with , the expences of the army , and works necessary for its defence , amounted to a much greater sum than the whole of its proportion to the joint expence of the empire ; so that its taxes must have been much greater only for the union . To prove this , he referred to the accounts , which would shew , that the proportion of its debt accumulated more in the four years before the union , than in the four years since it had been carried into effect .