I answer , you have hitherto only given them that which , however advantageous and beneficial it may be to them , is little taken from you , whilst you preserve what remains . The objection to your former concessions has been , not to the concessions themselves , but to the future advantage which would be taken of them ; and that , were those once granted , they would tend infallibly to the conclusion which is now attempted to be drawn from them . Recollect , that you still hold in your hands the great offices of state and the two houses of parliament , and that therin are vested the power , jurisdiction , and sovereignty of the empire . Be firm in your present situation , and your establishments are safe : but every additional step you take may lead to the vital prejudice of the country . I would now ask , whether , if this measure were conceded , we really believe the Roman catholics would be satisfied , and whether we have any ground of confidence from past experience , that nothing further would be demanded , which it might be indispensible to refuse , and yet which must considerable difficulty and disadvantage . I admit that the petition on your table is drawn up , in general , in moderate terms : but the catholics even there insinuate that they are not very well satisfied with the substituted tests which they are now obliged to take ; and when all the remaining restrictions are repealed , I should not be surprised if they demanded a repeal of the very tests , on the condition of taking which they have been hitherto relieved . But is this all ? Let me appeal to the history of Ireland within the last few years.—In the year 1793 , when a noble friend of mine was lord lieutenant of Ireland , the catholics presented a petition , in which they professed specifically to state all their greivances . Some opposition was made to the prayer of this petition by persons of great weight and respectability in Ireland : but , in the end , all that they prayed for was granted . It was not till this had been done , that they stated , in an address of thanks presented to the lord lieutenant , in which they profess their gratitude for what had been accorded to them , that they considered it as a first step only to further favours , and expressed a hope that it would be followed by additional concessions . Is it not important , therefore , to know , by what the pre- 686 sent concession , if granted , may be followed ? Are there no questions behind this which may be brought forward as soon as it is conceded ? Attend to the evidence of Dr. M ' Nevin and Mr. Emmett . Do they not tell you that , little as the Irish people feel interested in the abolition of tithes ? It has been a doctrine advanced within these few years by several persons dissenting from the church establishment , that no person ought to be bound to pay to the church of which he is not a member . This doctrine was adopted by many of the chiefs of the Irish rebellion : and I would ask the house , whether the argument of the noble baron , in favour of the concessions now proposed in consequence of the catholics being so great a majority of the people , might not be afterwards applied , with at least equal plausibility , to the question of their contributing to your church establishment ? —What would be the consequence ? Why ; that , in making this concession , you would only change the ground of the contest , and , instead of contending with them on a question on which the great mass of the population can not have , and have not in point of fact , any material interest whatever , you would have to contend with them upon a point on which