house had already decided , that it was better to refer it to a court of law and to recover such monies as the public might be found to have a claim to . It had been suggested by some gentlemen that the committee should be formed by allowing each side of the house alternately 526 to name a member . Let the list , brought down by the hon . gent . opposite , and the list said to be recommended by government , be compared , and it would then be seen in which the .principle of equalization had been most closely adhered to . thought , that in the course of the proceedings , he and his friends with whom he acted , had reason to complain of want of candour from the right hon . gent . on the other side of the house . The only question now before the house was , whether the noble lord opposite was a fit person to be on that committee , situated and connected as he was with the right hon . gent . near him , on whose conduct , as first lord of the treasury , that committee was to sit in the nature of a jury . The right hon . gent . had not , it seemed , entirely forgotten the early habits of his life , and had therefore talked in the language of that profession , to which he was bred , `` of a challenge for cause . '' He begged , however , as a professional man also , to remind the right hon . gent. , that there were in our law two sorts of challenges , and that the other of them was `` a challenge of the array , '' by which last the law provides that no public officer shall chose his own jury , and he was astonished the right hon . gent . should attempt to take advantage of being tried by a tribunal of his own nomination . One thing had also struck him most forcibly . His hon . friend who brought forward this motion had objected to the name of the noble lord , and in the whole course of the debate not one reason had been given against this objection . The simple question came therefore to this , would the public be satisfied with the nature of this proceeding ? He did not think it would ; and , as he wished the house to revise their decision in the appointment of this committee , he should vote for the motion , and hoped the noble lord 's name would accordingly be expunged from the list . said , that it was his intention to propose that his name should be struck off from this committee , upon nearly the same grounds on which he meant to contend that the noble lord ( lord Castlereagh ) who was the subject of the motion , was ineligible , namely , the friendly footing on which he had been with the noble lord ( lord Melville ) , as well as with the right hon . gent. , whose conduct was also to be investigated . The official con- 527 nexion which he ( Mr. W. ) had had with lord Melville , the social intercourse thence arising , and the impression made on his mind by the many amiable and estimable qualities , which the noble lord was known to possess , were all circumstances , which tended to disqualify him for the duty meant to be imposed on him . It was a duty which he did not wish to undertake . As to the nature of the committee , it ought in his judgment to be composed , not merely of impartial , unprejudiced persons , persons who would receive and report truth when submitted to them , but of those who would be disposed to go in pursuit of it , and would be zealous and active in their researches . The committee was not meant for judicial decision , but to collect and bring forth the