Hospitals and Asylums for Lunatics , & c. but after some conversation on the subject between Mr. Alexander , Dr. Duigenan , Mr. Bastard , Mr. Rose , and lord Temple , the hon . baronet withdrew the motion for the present.—The Neutral and Foreign Ships bills , the Customs Duty . bill , and the Excise Duty bill , were read a second time . Mr. Johnson , from the secretary of state 's office in Ireland , presented an account of the sums due by the commissioners of the navy , on account of sums advanced by collectors in Ireland for seamen 's wages , up to the 5th of Jan. 1805 . Ordered to he on the table.—Mr . Rose brought in the United States ' Commercial Treaty bill , and the Spanish Merchandize bill ; which were read a first time.—Sir H. Dalrymple presented a Petition from the Inhabitants of Androssan , in the County of Ayre , against the Corn bill . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Calcraft presented a petition from the inhabitants of the parish of St. Pancras against the Poor Bill , which was ordered to be on the table till the second reading of the bill , when counsel should he heard in support of the petition.—The Secretary at War brought in a bill for augmenting the rates to be allowed innkeepers for non-commissioned officers and privates who shall he quartered on them ; which was read a first time.—Adjourned . conformably to the . notice which he gave on Monday last , moved for leave to bring in a bill to restrain the negotiation of promissory notes and Ireland Bills of Exchange under a limited sum in Ireland . The right hon . gent . observed , that he should have moved for this bill long since , but that he had waited for a silver currency , now coining , to supply the place of those small , or silver notes , as they were termed . Every person in the least acquainted with the state of Ireland must acknowledge and lament the ill effects produced by the issue of notes under 5l . in that country : the object of the bill , therefore , was to restrain the further issue of a paper medium , which has inundated Ireland , and injured it most materially in every respect . said , he was inclined , at first , to oppose the intended restriction , but he had since changed his opinion , and now approved heartily of the measure . He could not but congratulate the country in in having a chancellor of the exchequer who 130 was capable of effecting so desirable an object . He hoped , however , that the right hon . gent . would see the propriety of allowing private banks to issue small notes , on a plan similar to that recognized by parliament in England . Private banks in this country had leave to issue small notes under 5l . ; he trusted , therefore , that the same indulgence would be granted to banks of the same description in Ireland , not for the benefit of the banks , but for the accommodation of the public . replied , that the policy of granting such a privilege to private banks , as that suggested by the hon . gent . required serious consideration ; it would be competent , however , to the hon . gent . to bring forward the subject at some future period ; he should not then trouble the house with any further observations , but confine himself to the object and substance of the bill for which he had the honour of moving . said , that as the right hon . gent . had mentioned an intention of the bank of Ireland to issue silver tokens , to relieve the necessity of silver notes , he would be glad to know the nature of them . answered , that , in addition to the Spanish dollars now in circulation Ireland to a considerable amount , bank tokens of 10d . and