was the party to be satisfied , for it was the property of the public that had been misapplied , and what was still more to the purpose , it was the confidence of the public , that had been shaken.—If obliged by the vote of the house to become a member of this committee , formed as it had been , by ballot , and limited , as it was , in the objects of its enquiry , he desired to be understood as engaging in it contrary to his inclination , and as entering his protest against the proceeding . rose , expressing much reluctance in the necessity by which he was impelled to call the attention of the house , when he was personally the subject of debate . He then applied himself to the charges brought against him by the hon . gent . who moved to strike his name from the committee , and said , the hon . gent . in the allusions he had made to himself , and the several public topics with which he had been publicly and officially connected , only exercised a privilege to which , as a member of parliament , he was fairly entitled , and for which he felt not the slightest degree of animosity towards the hon . member . He totally denied the alledged analogy between his excusing himself upon oath from sitting on election committees , which were attended with circumstances specifically required by act of parliament , totally incompatible with the discharge of his official duties , and his competence to attend upon a committee of this kind , where a perpetual attendance upon the whole of its sittings was not required , but might be optional , and more suited to his opportunities . If the present committee had required an attendance equally close , he should have felt it his duty to state to the house , that his official avocations must render that attendance impracticable , and have claimed the indulgence of the house to be excused from serving on it . The house having done him the honour to name him as a member , it would ill become him to arraign its wisdom ; and though he was ready to avow his strong personal attachment to his right hon . friend , and that it the committee were to exercise a judicial power , possibly his time of life , and his little experience in such investigation , might render him not so eligible to the duty as his right hon . and learned friend , the master of the rolls ; yet , considering it was the duty of the committee merely to enquire into the truth of facts upon proof ; that it was in the power of no member of that committee to conceal a single fact that should come out in the course of enquiry ; that those facts must be detailed in their report to the house , who , and not the committee , were to exercise judicial decision ; he felt nothing on the situation , or the nature of his connections with his right hon . friend , that could disqualify him from discharging the duties imposed upon him by the nomination . With respect to the allusion made by the hon . member , to his having retired from . power with his right hon . friend , on the circumstance of a great political measure , and re- 530 turning to power again without his right hon . friend , or that measure , it would be seen , from the discussion which would take place in a few days , whether he was under any engagement that could preclude his acceptance of office . The hon . member had thought proper to make some allusion to his conduct in another country , as connected with a great and important measure : the part he took in the accomplishment of it , was the proudest circumstance of his life . He would venture to say , that there never was a transaction in which there was more