which has been laid by the navy board before the house of commons , dated the 19th February , 1805 , ( page 301 , ) purporting to be `` an account of the expences of the Romney , from the 25th Nov. 1800 , to the 2d June , 1803 , as nearly as can be ascertained at the navy office , '' in order that their lordships may judge , whether that paper could have possibly been drawn up with any other view than to deceive and mislead the judgement of parliament . That account is declared to be framed , so as to bring under one point of view `` how much she exceeded the proportion of the vote of parliament allowed for wear and tear , or came within that sum . '' Sir , in that statement there are omissions of the most extraordinary nature and magnitude ; and I must take the liberty to add , in the language of the navy board , that I scarcely think there ever were such extraordinary means resorted to , to produce a particular effect ! Will the navy board pretend that they have not examined that account before they signed it , and that their confidence has been a second time misplaced , and upon whom will they charge it ? Or , sir , will they continue to vouch for the fairness and truth of that paper ? Sir , in that paper they have omitted , by what accident they best know , all her repairs , and the stores supplied to her , be- 626 tween December 1801 , and June 1803 ! They have suppressed all knowledge of the stores purchased in the Red Sea , and of those supplied at Madras , as well as of her repair and refit when she was docked at Bombay , in the months of October and November , 1802 ; notwithstanding they have , in that very paper , given credit for eight months stores which were brought home in her , and must of necessity have been received at one of these places ; and that it appears ( page 114 ) , `` a frigate could not have come out of dock at Chatham , by two tides , had it not been for the Romney 's sea store of copper ! '' They can not plead ignorance of these transactions ; the purchases in the Red Sea have been reported on by the navy board to their lordships ( page 378 ) , and the repairs at Bombay have proved on oath ( page 99 ) , by the carpenter of the ship at Chatham , before the junior surveyor of the navy ! These facts , sir , speak too plain to require any comment from me , or to be susceptible of satisfactory explanation any where , but at their lordships table , or at the bar of the house of commons.—Having shortly adverted to this passage of Mr. Tucker 's letter , he begged leave to ask the hon . member , whether the vindication he proposed to bring forward , applied merely to this part of the letter of Mr. Tucker , or to the whole ; and to this question he requested to call the attention of the house , for it was of much importance to know , whether the vindicatory letters were intended to cancel the errors stated in this paragraph , or whether they took a wider scope ? If to this only , he should bring forward his motion to-morrow . But if to the whole subject of enquiry , he should think it indecent to press his motion , until the house had full time to consider the subject of those letters , and be prepared for any subject of discussion they were calculated to introduce . answered , that although the letters in question were certainly directed to the leading subject of the hon . gent . 's motion , yet surely there were other topics to which it was equally necessary to direct refutation . He could assure him