our ancestors , which had been relaxed within the last twenty years ; and he now complained of the rigour and impolicy of parliament , which continued the restriction that still remained , though these were the most important . But the history of the country clearly shewed that the measures adopted by our ancestors , though rigorous and revolting in themselves , were detailed and justified by the soundest policy , and the most absolute necessity . The .noble lord then took a view of the proceedings under different reigns respecting the Roman catholics . There was no instance in the history of the country of the protestants and papists agreeing in parliament , and conducting business of government and legislation cordially together . Under the reign of Queen Mary , who , with good intentions , adopted such sanguinary measures , the popish interests gained the ascendancy in spite of the efforts of the protestants . The priests threatened those with excommunication who would not give their votes in favour of the 697 popish candidates , and by those and other means the queen procured a parliament that seconded her endeavours to establish popery in this country . Under the reign of Elizabeth the massacre of St. Bartholomew took place . A conspiracy took place in Ireland , that ended in the removal of the marquis of Ormsby , and left the melancholy proof that many members of parliament were engaged in promoting the rebellion ; and no less than forty-one members were expelled on that account , principally from the house of lords . In the reign of Charles II . the royal word was given , that no attempt should be made to establish popery ; but that word was broken , and the high offices of the state were filled with papists ; and when the duke of York afterwards succeeded , an avowed Roman catholic , matters were carried so far , that the family lost the noblest possession that any family could possibly enjoy . After such experience as this of the temper and spirit of the Roman catholics , were not our , ancestors justified in the precautions which they adopted against the recurrence of similar scenes ? Under the reign of king William , that great friend to the liberties of Europe , as well as of this country , these measures were first adopted . After these measures of rigour took place , an interval of calm and tranquillity succeeded in Ireland , which had before been almost constantly in a state of agitation , and continued even when rebellion arose in this country . The subsequent orderly conduct of the Irish led to relaxation of those laws under the present reign , as had been correctly stated by the noble lord . He was satisfied that this was a wise policy , as he was disposed to grant every thing to the Roman catholics except political power.—Under the constitution , as it stood at present , he would ask , what were the inconveniencies felt protected in their description of his majesty 's subjects ? He called upon any friend of the catholics to point out a single statute in our legislative code which bore hard upon the catholics . He was persuaded , if any such did exist , that it was only necessary to point it out , to induce its repeal . He acknowledged that many of the arguments which had been formerly urged against extending any indulgence to the catholics , were no longer applicable . He was free to confess , that the existence of a pretender to the throne could no longer be urged as an argument against their claims ; and if he 698 thought that then effect of conceding the substance of the petition would be to unite the mass of the population of Ireland , perhaps he might have not been disposed to oppose it so decidedly as he found himself under the necessity of doing ; but when he saw the catholics almost undisguisedly endeavouring not to make themselves a part of the state , but the state itself