was generally applied . He wished to convey to those gentlemen the thanks of 585 the house for their conduct in pursuing the enquiry , for the firmness they had manifested in prosecuting it against all the obstacles which guilt , and fraud , and avarice , had erected to obstruct them ; there was no occasion to have read all the reports to estimate the merit in that part of their duty : it was sufficient to know that they met with opposition from every quarter ; and that , notwithstanding , they persevered and succeeded , and that the result of their labours was before the house and the country , exciting the admiration and gratitude of both . He had also another motive for wording his Motion in the way he did . He wished to compel the right hon . gent . on the opposite bench , to state to the house precisely and positively why he objected to the conduct of the commissioners of naval enquiry ? He had done so ; he had stated them candidly and temperately , ( he was happy to avail himself of the few opportunities the right hon . gent . afforded him of commending him ) ; and after all what did they amount to ? one of the most important was , that they charged a jury that it had been tampered with ; that was no new charge . He recollected its having been brought forward by an hon . baronet ( sir W. Elford ) before , who threatened to make it the subject of a motion in that house , but who was finally obliged to give it up , because he could get no one to second his motion . Another hon . member ( sir A. Hammond ) had complained of reflections which had been thrown out in one of the reports , against that board of which he was the head . It was full twenty-two months since that report was made ; and why , he would ask , did the hon . baronet acquiesce , during all that time under those imputations ? Was it that he was deterred by the rebuke which he is said to have received from earl St. Vincent , or that he looked forward to another proceeding which was going on ( he meant the commission for examining into the civil affairs of the naval department ) for satisfaction and justification ? He was much misinformed as to the nature of that new commission , if it was to act as a committee of revision , to controul and annul the decisions of a commission appointed by the joint authority of both houses of parliament , and accountable only to them . He could not conceive , that it could even have been intended to degrade a commission so constituted , by subjecting their labours to he criticised and reversed by a committee of placemen . Did the hon . member decline doing early justice to his 586 character , because he expected it from a committee who had no power to do it ? Another rt . hon . member ( Mr. Rose ) had also brought forward his charge . Why did not the house hear of it before ? Why were his feelings so long silent with respect to his constituent and friend Mr. Taylor , who , it seems , had fallen , by some means , under the censure of the commission ? What prevented him from making it the subject of complaint before this night ? nothing but his delicacy he supposed . It was really too much , when the noble lord who proposed that commission professed himself ready to meet every charge which could be made against him , that he , as well as the members of that commission , should be assailed from so many quarters . When a member has the indiscretion , to say no worse of it , to rise in his place , and unblushingly proclaim , that earl St. Vincent was the worst lord of the admiralty that had