of the ancient proprietors . In all the heat and agitation of debate which has taken place in the Irish parliament on this subject , I never before heard the accusation seriously maintained . If such a record there be , I challenge the noble viscount to produce it—where is it kept ? in what families does it exist ? The noble viscount also made an implied panegyric on the penal code , when he asserted that during its existence in full force , Ireland enjoyed an uninterrupted state of tranquillity and peace . At this auspicious and vaunted period all the rights of Ireland were invaded , her commerce could hardly be said to exist , her principal manufacture was annihilated , her constitution was subverted , her population was reduced to twelve hundred thousand . This might be peace , but it was the repose of desolation , the tranquillity of a jail , undisturbed by any sounds but the rattling of chains . The protestant was a despot , the catholic was a slave ; the protestant surrendered his liberty that he might enjoy his tyranny , the catholic abandoned his country to seek for bread , and found renown in every service of Europe.—I must complain of the want of candour , I must lament the infatuation which prevails on this delicate subject . I am sorry to see the belief of the catholics estimated , not by their own professions and declarations , but by the charges and accusations of their enemies , whom no denial will silence , no test will satisfy . The catholics of the nineteenth century are to be judged and doomed to perpetual exclusion for doctrines and opinions which they renounce , abjure , and abhor , but which Were formerly held in remote ages by , the bigoted zealots of popery before the dawn of reason , truth , or philosophy had purified religion , and broken through the clouds of superstition . The fate of those who profess the catholic religion in these kingdoms has been rather singular ; in the last century , they were proscribed for holding opinions subversive of liberty , and for loving monarchy too much—in this they have been accused of loving it too little , and of changing their doctrines of high prerogative , passive , obedience , and divine , inde- 769 feasible , hereditary right , for wild fantastic , mischievous notions of republican liberty and equality . These contradictory charges against the religion of the most numerous body of the Christians of Europe are neither wise , liberal , or founded . Catholicity has been the faith of some of the most illustrious nations , and the belief of many individuals who have done honour to the name of man . Notwithstanding this acknowledged truth which bigotry itself will not venture to deny , how often has it been insinuated that they can not be good subjects to a protestant king , because they are not bound by oaths ? This mischievous opinion has been sustained with vulgar and mischievous asperity . If it were true , why are the petitioners at your bar ? Nothing but their regard for the sanctity of an oath , nothing but the restraints imposed upon them by conscience , obliges them to submit to the various disabilities of which they complain . I certainly despair of carrying this question now , but at the same time I am convinced , that it will hereafter be found absolutely necessary to comply with the prayer of the petitioners ; for believe me there is discontent : danger does exist in Ireland , the amount or extent no man can tell . Suffer not therefore the majority of the inhabitants to remain longer under any disabilities ; take away every pretence for disaffection , and try a system of conciliation and concession . Procrastination is the fool 's resource : policy , state necessity , the situation of Ireland , the willing or unwilling submission of the continent of Europe to the power of France , all demand this measure . What must be done