win their affection ; which would be in that point of view important . He was surprised to have heard it said , that the petition tended to throw the torch of discord into the country ; on the contrary , he was of opinion that the object of it , if properly attended to , would tend to establish that harmony which was most essential to the country at the present moment . At the same time that he made these observations , he wished to speak with the utmost respect of the established church ; but which he did not think would be endangered of injured by granting the catholic claims . He wished , therefore , that the petition should be referred to a committee , for the purpose of considering whether any danger could really arise from conceding those claims ; and if it should be deemed not prudent to grant the whole , whether any part to those claims might be safety admitted ; as he wished it to be understood , that in the committee he should certainly be desirous of weighing well each object which the catholics had in view , and investigating in that manner it would operate with respect to the church establishment , before he gave his consent to the admission of the claim which it involved . —My lords ; I am ready to confess my disposition to assent to the opinion of some noble lords on the other side of the house as to the time in which this question is agitated . Had I been consulted by the catholics of Ireland , I certainly should have recommended to them to abstain from press- 817 ing their claims at a period which is generally known to be peculiarly unfavourable , for many reasons ; into some of which I do not feel myself at all called upon to enter , but which are very generally known . I certainly think the present disposition of the country in general adverse to the proposition , however i may be convinced that it is founded in reason and justice , and must therefore , sooner or later , ultimately prevail . Since , however , the question is come to be agitated in parliament , your lordships will agree with me , that it could not have been placed in better hands ; and that the propriety and moderation have been as conspicuous as the ability with which it has been introduced by my noble friend . And here I can not avoid animadverting on the unfair and groundless imputations which have been cast upon the introduction of this proposition by some noble lords who have spoken in the debate , as if it could have been introduced as a party question , or in any respect to answer party purposes . My noble friend who has opened the debate , most solemnly disclaimed such an intention ; and is fully entitled to credit for his assertion . But a better proof than the assertion of any man , is the manifest absurdity of such a proposition . The party with whom I have the honour to act , which has been sometimes honoured with the appellation of a faction , is a faction , be it observed , composed of almost every thing in the country respectable for wealth , birth , and talents , and who certainly enjoy , in a great measure , the confidence and good opinion of the people of England , which their opponents have forfeited . At such a period the introduction of a measure known to be unpopular , and in opposition to very general , however unfounded , prejudices , can never be fairly states as intended to promote party views . In adverting to the different arguments which have been used by other lords on the other side of the house , I have some satisfaction in speaking so late , inasmuch as the ask has thereby fallen to others of replying to the speech of the noble and learned lord ( the chancellor or Ireland ) which I can not