meritorious sacrifice of political interest to public welfare . The charges made against him on that subject were professedly founded on something which had fallen from a right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Foster ) , whose difference of opinion from him on that great question he regretted as a misfortune ; but he had only to say , that what had fallen from that right hon . gent . on the , night alluded to , by no means bore the construction attached to it by the hon . member . Upon the whole , he considered the question of this night not by any means as personally directed against him , but an indirect attempt to censure the decision of that , house by persons who only respected its decisions when they happened to accord with their own . He knew it was disorderly to allude to former debates in that house ; but as those gentlemen had thought fit to allude to them for the purposes of casting obloquy upon him and his friend , he trusted he should be indulged in a similar liberty of recurrence , in order to remind the house of the conduct of some of those gentlemen . An hon . member in particular , ( Mr. Fox ) who had , at no very distant period , thought so contemptibly of that house and its decisions , as to withdraw himself entirely from parliamentary attendance , had at length thought fit to revise his opinions , and condescended to attend the proceedings of the house . But he trusted the house had too just a sense , and too strong a recollection of that hon . member 's conduct , ever to repose their confidence in him . He trusted that no period would ever arrive when the direction of public affairs would be entrusted to his hands ; for , convinced he was , that however the hon . member 's principles may have been neutralized by any new connections he may have formed of late , they were still such as to render him totally unfit for the confidence of the British nation . said , that he could not remain silent , when he heard the conclusion of the 531 noble lord 's speech , which he considered the most unparliamentary and indecorous he had ever heard in that house ; the whole , as far as related to his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) was a misrepresentation and perversion of facts . The noble lord had stated that his hon . friend had no respect for parliament but when it acceded to his wishes . Such a declaration he considered unparliamentary . The noble lord had also thought proper to refer to the past conduct of his hon . friend . To such a reference he should gladly submit the point at issue ; he was not afraid of the discussion which would arise out of that enquiry ; he should even provoke it with great pleasure . His hon . friend did what he himself was obliged to do at the same time time ; he ceased to attend in his place in parliament : this was what the noble lord called desertion and abandonment of public duty . His hon . friend abstained from attending when he knew that his presence could be attended with no success ; he did not attend when he had experience of the inutility of combating for the public good , and promoting the interest of the country . But when his hon . friend and himself had given up attendance in the house , they did not leave the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) under any great embarrassment , they left him in possession of the support , almost the unqualified support , of the house of commons , and without opposition ; he had the resources of the country at his command , without check or restraint . How then could the noble lord state that his hon . friend caused any embarrassment by his non-attendance , when that very