relaxation of all the laws against the catholics . All that scattered men 's minds at the time was this , —an apprehension of the pope or pretender . There might have been in some persons sentiments of respect and compassion , and in others an inclination to taunt or insult ; but there was not one person who had any degree of fear or terror , as one single ingredient in forming his opinion . It was said , that the restrictions in Ireland , the ferocious manners of those who were protestants , and the insults sustained by the catholics , had produced , as Mr. Burke says , a degree of desperation in that unhappy people , which made it doubtful how far they were to be trusted . The effect of the system had been that of changing , by degrees , the whole property of Ireland , and that country was brought into a state highly to be lamented . I do not mean to make any comparison between the treatment of the black slaves on the coast of Africa , and that of the people of Ireland ; I mean only to state , that it was a circumstance likely to produce the general disaffection of the people , that the whole of the property was in the hands of the protestant ascendancy , while the mass of the population was catholic . Even among those whose forms of government are less free than ours , the property and power should go hand-in-hand , and there should be no other distinction except that of the proprietor and the servant . We began by enabling the catholics to acquire property . What has been the consequence ? The power connected with the free trade and constitution we gave to Ireland in 1782 , has produced an increase of property beyond all proportion greater than that enjoyed by the Protestants . There has been not only an increase of mercantile property among the ca- 842 * tholics of Ireland , but also of the landed property . This has been attended with they happiest effect . It has produced the effect of softening and correcting those distinctions between the catholics and the protestants , which were found so oppressive . The catholics are now possessed of a great deal of that property which was taken froth their ancestors . I mention this , because one of the apprehensions with respect to the catholics was , that they had preserved memoirs of the ancient state of property , and that , on a favourable opportunity , they were to claim of the protestants all the property that belonged to their ancestors . This objection has been completely clone away ; for at this moment , if you were to reverse the act of settlement , and restore the property of those who possessed before Cromwell 's time , I believe the catholics would he as great sufferers as the protestants . And what catholics ? Why , the catholics who are now rich and powerful , viz . the only catholics to whom we would give an addition of power . From the time of the acquisition of property by the catholics , I have never been able to conceive on what principle their demands were not conceded to them ; least of all , why particular restrictions should have been kept up , when others were abandoned . What are the restrictions now existing ? The general restrictions may be comprised under these two heads : one , the incapacity under which the catholics lie with regard to the enjoyment of certain offices , civil and military ; the other , the incapacity of sitting in either house of parliament . Gentlemen who have attended to all this history of the restrictions of the catholics ( sorry I am to say , a large chapter in the history of Great Britain , ) need not be told , that it has been useless with reference to the ends proposed , and certainly odious to those who have been affected by it . I believe it is