spirit of conquest and aggrandizement . He trusted , that it was with that view , and with these intentions , that marquis Cornwallis would set out for that country . In sending out that noble marquis in lieu of lord Wellesley , we were substituting the olive branch for the sword , and this at a time that such a substitution was essentially necessary . Such a declaration as that now moved for would shew that parliament are determined on a dereliction of the late system ; and it would show the marquis and the native powers in India , that you do not send him out merely as a common governor-general , but that the country might derive advantage from that conciliatory disposition which is so much wanted to heal the wounds which , he thought , had too rashly been inflicted there . If we were to hold India , and to keep the French out of it , we must not think of doing either by the sword , but by conciliating the minds of the native powers , and convincing them that justice and moderation should be the future rule of our conduct towards them . No one could deny that marquis Wellesley had acted with great energy and activity . In his opinion the noble marquis was too active , too energetic and too enterprising . The noble lord had pursued the warlike system too far , and had thus created a discontent and disposition to resistance among the native powers , of which the French , or any power hostile to us , could easily avail itself , if it could obtain any footing in India . The conciliatory system was therefore become indispensable for our honour and security . For he feared that for some years back we were become in India what the tyrant of France was in Europe . admitted , that in one point of view the motion now before the house was such as nobody could object to in the abstract , because it was a principle expressed upon our statute-book , and founded upon natural justice , that we 249 should not make war for the sake of extending territory ; but it did not thence follow , that if we were forced into a just and a necessary war , that we were not to conquer , and that , after conquest , an extent of dominion might become the result of it , for that was the natural effect of superiority in contest ; our security might require it , or we might take by way of indemnity . If it were not so , we should , by pusillanimity , unite all the world to attack us . The resolution , therefore , as it had an aspect hostile to that principle , was unjust to the noble marquis , because it was a general censure on the whole of his administration , by now putting the whole of that administration together , and following up the historical account of it with a resolution , which either meant to censure that administration altogether—an administration as full of excellent achievement as any that ever preceded it , and in which the noble marquis had done as many and glorious deeds as ever were done by any man ; or else the resolution was only a repetition of what was on the statute book already , and meant nothing but an unnecessary repetition of an undisputed truth and objection on that head . This resolution taken as one that censured extension of territory , in all events , was unjust , not only for the reason he had stated already but unjust to my lord Cornwallis himself who was to-night so highly and justly praised , for even he had extended our territory in India after the conclusion of a war . The grand policy of this country in India was to keep down the power of France . There might be fair ground for difference of opinion on some points of Indian policy ; but on the great leading features of the noble marquis 's