its own nature an absurdity , and must , if effected , be attended with the most ruinous consequences to the constitution.—Before I proceed farther , it will be necessary to put gentlemen in mind of the oath of supremacy ( which we have all taken ) by repeating it : I—do swear , that I do from my heart abhor , detest , and abjure , as impious and heretical , that damnable doctrine and position , that princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope , or any authority of the see of Rome , may be deposed murdered by their subjects , or by any other person whatsoever ; and I do declare , that no foreign prince , prelate , state , or potentate , hath or ought to have any jurisdiction , power , superiority , pre-eminence , or authority , ecclesiastical or spiritual , within this realm . So help me God . `` — The oath of supremacy was originally framed in the reign of King Henry VIII . merely as an pope then becoming intolerable in England , he claiming and exercising a power over the subjects , under the mask of spiritual power , or as inseparably annexed to it , equal to the power of the crown at least , and in many cases paramount to it , and subversive of it . See preambles to the statues of the 24th Hen . VIII . ch . 12 , 25 ; 25th Hen . VIII . ch . 21 ; 26th Hen . VIII . ch . 1 ; 32d Hen . VIII . ch . 38 ; and the Irish statues of the 28th Hen . VIII . ch . 13 ; 2d Eliz . ch . 2.—By this oath , in its original form , the king was declared to be the only supreme head on earth of the church of England and Ireland . This clause was objected against as an acknowledgement of a sacerdotal power in the king ; to obviate this , he took care to declare publicly , that he claimed only a civil supremacy , that he made no pretension to any power ; that his supremacy was not that purely spiritual power which is lodged in the church , but a temporal supremacy over all the spiritual power of it within his own do- 872 minions.— . All the great officers of the state , bishops , and nobility , within his realm ( two excepted , —Sir Thomas More , and Fisher , bishop of Rochester ) , took this oath . Romanists were then better subject than they are present ! — The objection , however , being still urged by the partizans of the court of Rome , queen Elizabeth , at the commencement of her reign , changed that clause in the oath , and inserted in its room , `` that the king ( or queen ) is the only supreme governor of this realm , as well in spiritual or ecclesiastic things or causes , as temporal ; and that no foreign prince , state , or potentate , hath or ought to have , & c.—To guard against any perverse interpretation of this oath , she published injunctions , wherein she declared , `` that she pretended to this oath , she published injunction , wherein she declared , `` that she pretended to no priestly power ; that she challenged no authority , but what was of ancient time due to the imperial crown of England ; that is , under-God , to have the sovereignty and rule over all manner of person born within her dominions , of what estate , whether ecclesiastic or temporal , soever they be , so as no foreign power shall or ought to have any superiority over them . '' The romanists , however , by the anathemas of the pope , were so changed for the worse , and their obligation of fidelity to their prince and country so loosed since the reign of Henry , that they universally rejected this oath , thought simply an oath