to occupy a greater portion of your time , than I could otherwise have wished , and to employ terms of greater severity , which , on other occasions , would readily be spared . When I look to the individual who is the principal criminal , against whom my charge will be directed , I see many reasons which increase the magnitude of his offence . .At the close of the American war , when we were plunged into the greatest national distress , and when the public began to see that there had been a gross misapplication of our resources , petitions flowed in from all parts of the country , praying for some reform in the expenditure of the public treasure . The right hon . gent . opposite was then in the dawn of his political life , and in nothing did he seem more desirous of recommending himself to notice and distinction , than by his zeal for the reform of abuses , and his anxiety to have a well-regulated system of economy established it , every part of the public expenditure . Committees were accordingly appointed , and on the reports which they produced , regulations were framed for diminishing every sort of unnecessary expenditure , and for removing all those causes which had formerly created these excesses . Of these the most prominent was the regulation for lessening the balances in the hands of public officers . It was at the same time resolved that a number of the fees and gratuities formerly existing in public offices should be withdrawn , and instead of them permanent and adequate salaries should be allowed . It was particularly laid down , as a most important regulation , that the paymaster of the forces and the treasurer of the navy should have a specific salary , and that they should neither directly or indirectly derive any advantage from the use of the public money . Now , these resolutions are alive in the recollection and feelings of many gentlemen who are at present members of this house ; and sure I am , that lord Melville is the very last man in the world who can at all plead ignorance of their existence , He , indeed , distinguished himself at that period for his professed zeal , for the reform of abuses , with what sincerity I leave to the judgment of the house to decide . He surely could not have possibly misunderstood the intention of the legislature , and I am not now to inform him for the first time , that 260 the abuses in the offices of the paymaster of the forces and the treasurer of the navy were the leading features in all the reports of the parliamentary committees of that day . In 1781 , a positive resolution passed on the reports of one of those committees , declaring it as their opinion , that neither the paymaster nor the treasurer of the navy should draw any part of the public money till it was positively wanted for the public service . The report further goes on to state the opinion of the committee , that the treasurer of the navy should henceforth act as an accountant , and not as a banker , to the nation . A report was at the same time made of the amount of the treasurer of the navy 's salary , which was 2000l . exclusive of profit arising from the use of balances of the public money in his hands . It was on these reports resolved that all these balances should be forthwith paid into the bank of England , and that the salary of the treasurer should be fixed at 4000l . in lieu of all fees , emoluments , or gratuities of whatever description . What was the conduct of Mr. Barré , at that time treasurer of the navy ? Even before the resolution had been submitted to the legislature , he spontaneously paid into the Bank of England the whole amount of the balances at that period in his possession . In this case the house