, and that it is a wise measure of government . '' Yet all this , it may be said , is no more than general profession . Be it so . Listen then to his sentiments on the very identical case now before you . He had been consulted by the late king concerning the repeal of the laws against the catholics : and what was his answer ? He tells us that `` he declared his thoughts very freely . He liked the motion of repealing them , which might have satisfied all those of that communion , as it did the most moderate of them . He did not indeed , think it adviseable to repeal those other laws , that excluded them from sitting in parliament , and from Offices of trust . This proposition , if closed with , would have made the Roman catholic subjects safe and easy ; '' and in his estimation , ought to have made their protestant fellow-subjects also safe and easy . [ Lord Somers 's Tracts , 1st . collection , vol . 1. page 401 , & c ] Even with the despotic and bigoted James on the throne , he would have deemed our civil religious liberties sufficiently secured against the catholics by the two principal of the restrictions ( for there still are many more ) under which they day labour . He would immediately have advanced them to a better condition in society , than that , in which the benignity and justice of his present majesty , and the more en- 977 lightend and more generous policy of the present times , have at length tardily placed them , after more than a century of oppression , more especially severe in Ireland under a code devised with wicked ability to extinguish and ancient nobility and gentry , to sow discord among all the relations of civil society , to beggar and barbarise the great mass of the population ; a code , of which a faint resemblance can only be found in the persecution , which was begun against the Christian religion by its most subtle and dangerous enemy , Julian the Apostate . But would the liberal clemency of William and his ministers have stopped there ? No ; for he adds , `` if they had behaved themselves so well upon such a favour , as to put an and to the jealousies of the nation , they might after that have pretended to further degrees of confidence with a better grace . '' To what further degrees of confidence ? None would have remained to bestow , but to have admitted them into parliament , and the great offices of state ; none , but to have removed what my right hon . and learned friend , considers as strong barriers erected by our ancestors to protect the constitutions , as stupendous monuments of their industry and wisdom never to be broken down , never to be weakened and impaired : yet this would William and his ministers have done . Here then is an irrefragable answer to all the objections drawn from the principles of the revolution . We , who support the motion , have with us the explicit authority of those who planned , who conducted , who settled the revolution : and as my deceased friend once said that he did not wish to be thought a better Whig than lord Somers , so do I now say that I shall never affect to understand the principles of the revolution better than King William , lord Somers , and that band of eminent statesmen his colleagues , whose counsels laid the firm foundation of all which we have since enjoyed of power and glory abroad , or freedom and happiness at home.—In truth , all the topics taken from the distinguishing character of our religious establishment , as applicable to the present question , come much too late . This house , the other house of parliament , his majesty , all have long since and in repeated instance , decided against them . A learned