is discussed , or the effect that is likely to follow from the discussion . That , sir , is my view of contemplating the propriety of acceding to the wishes of the catholics , or of refusing them . It was upon that principle that I felt satisfaction in the repeal of those laws against the catholics which have been abolished ; and from the abolition of which I certainly am not one who infers that danger to the country with which some gentlemen seem to be so deeply impressed . But , sir , deeply as I felt that satisfaction , I also felt , that in no possible case previous to the union , could the privileges now demanded be given , consistently with a due regard to the protestant interest in Ireland , to the internal tranquillity of that kingdom , the frame and structure of our constitution , or the probability of the permanent connexion of Ireland with this country . It is true , sir , that after the union I saw the subject in a different light ; but whilst that event was in contemplation I did state , as the hon . gent . says , that the measure would make a material difference in my opinion ; but he has also stated , what is very true , that I did not make a distinct pledge . On the contrary , I believe the line of argument I took was , that if it should be thought right to give what the , catholics required , it might be given after the union with more safety to the empire ; or if it were thought proper to refuse giving it , that it might then be refused without , producing those disastrous consequences which might have been apprehended before , the union . I come then , sir , to the present discussion perfectly free and unfettered . I certainly was of opinion , that under a united parliament those privileges , might be granted under proper guards and conditions , so as not to produce any danger to the established church or the protestant constitution . And I remain this day of that opinion , and I still think , if , from other circumstances , there : was no objection to complying with the demands demands of the catholics and if by a wish they could be carried into effect , I own , sir , I see none of those dangers which have been urged by some gentlemen , nor do I think that the introduction of a certain proportion of catholics into the imperial parliament would be likely to be productive of any influence or effect detrimental or injurious to the welfare of the state , or the safety and security of the constitution . But , sir , in delivering this frank opinion , I do not mean wilfully 1016 to shut my eyes to this conviction , that a catholic , however honourable his intentions may be , must feel anxious to advance the interest of his religion ; it is in the very nature of man ; he may disclaim and renounce this wish for a time , but there is no man who is at all acquainted with the operations of the human heart Who does not know that the catholic must feel that anxiety whenever the power and the opportunity may be favourable to him . But , if these guards and conditions to which I have alluded had been applied , and which , could my wishes have been accomplished , it would have been my endeavour to have applied , I firmly believe no danger would have existed , and no injury could have been apprehended . I thought so on grounds different from those which have been stated by others : not because as catholics they had been engaged in any of the scenes preceding the rebellion : I do not mean , however , to say , that the catholics were not engaged in it in greater numbers for the reasons that have been , state—I go further