, without having previously qualified himself . The bill was accordingly brought in , read a first time , and ordered to be read a 2nd time to-morrow.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , that a committee be appointed to examine and report the joint charges of the United Kingdom of G. Britain and Ireland , from 1st of Jan. 1801 , to 1st of Jan. 1805 ; what proportion belonged to each country respectively ; what are the balances now due ; and what would be the best mode in future of ascertaining such balances at the expiration of each year . The motion was agreed to , and a committee appointed for those purposes.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that in the committee of ways and means on Friday next , he should move for certain taxes , to supply the place of the rejected Agricultural Horse tax . He likewise gave notice , that he should move for rendering permanent the present temporary tax on wine.—Mr . Alexander brought up the reports of the committees on the Irish Sugar Drawback , and on the Expiring laws , which were agreed to , and bills ordered accordingly.—Mr . Alexander brought up the Report of the Committee on the Irish Drawback bill , which was agreed to.—Mr . Huskisson obtained leave to bring in a bill to repeal that part of an act of last session which prohibited the issuing of Promissory Notes on demand , under the value of 5l.—Adjourned . acquainted their lordships , that he should have , on Monday next , to present a Petition to the house , on the part of his majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Ireland . He was aware that it was not usual to give notices relative to the presentation of petitions ; but that mentioned by him was upon a subject of so grave , weighty , and important a nature , that he had taken the liberty previously to mention it . The proceeding was not , he thought , likely to induce any discussion , nor did he mean to say any thing then upon it ; but , should any further motion or proposition be intended to be brought forward upon the subject , due notice would be given of such intention . adverted to the motions which he intended to make , namely , for a committee to search for precedents of proceedings in that house against individuals , upon complaints made by peers upon their own statements , founded upon information derived from others , and to consider how far it was consonant with law for proceedings to be instituted in that house against individuals otherwise than upon petition or matter of record , in support of which motions , his lordship argued at considerable length . The mode of proceeding hitherto adopted was one which he highly disapproved in other points of view , beside those of its being productive to the parties of great expence , delay , and vexation . It would be necessary , in some degree , to tread back the steps they had taken ; but did it appear to be consistent with the honour , the dignity , and , above all , the correctness of their lordships proceedings , he thought there could be no hesitation to do so . What he had to propose for the adoption of their lordships would be resolved into various propositions : the first was , for the appointment of a committee to search for precedents of cases of any charge brought forward of high crimes and misdemeanors against any individual by a peer of the realm , upon his own personal statement of facts , & c. ; and how far it is consistent with any law or statute , or usage of parliament , that house can proceed upon matters so originated , unless upon matter of record , or by petition , or entertained as matter of privilege . Secondly , that such 41 committee should search for precedents of any such charges being made against any of his majesty 's judges ,