hon . bart . stated to be this , that the house should be put in possession of the nature and conduct of this singular commission . It appeared , that notwithstanding their appeal to the judgment of the attorney and solicitor general of England , they had acted in direct contradiction to the opinion delivered by those learned gentlemen . But still more , and it was particularly necessary to call the attention of par- 185 liament to the subject , this commission had now been existing for several years , without really having any thing to do , and seemed still determined to go on . The commission consisted of four persons , each of whom received a salary of 1,200l . per year , and it was now above three years since the commissioners wrote a letter to the lord lieutenant , stating , that their business was so much diminished that they had no occasion to meet every day , as they had previously done , and requesting that they might be called on to meet only every Monday . In order to contrive some appearance of employment , he understood that those commissioners prolonged an inquiry upon a particular claim for several months , dividing the inquiry between them two and two alternately , Monday after Monday . It really struck him as matter of surprize and shame that such a commission should have been so long tolerated , and there appeared no disposition whatever to put an end to it . Indeed , according as it went on , it was likely to continue for ever , unless something was done to terminate its existence . Feeling that any expenditure of the public money that could be avoided under the present circumstances of the country ought to be prevented , and that this commission was now become unnecessary , he should take occasion very soon to call the attention of the house to this subject . said , that he was a member of the commission alluded to at the time stated in the motion , and that he did not recollect any such case as the hon . bart . alluded to . As three of the commissioners were lawyers he did not think they required any advice from the law officers mentioned in the motion , or from any other persons as to the mode of performing , this duty , The learned doctor added , that he had long since resigned his place in the commission : said , that it had been already stated by the commissioners themselves , that such case had been laid before the attorney and solicitor general of England , and all he wished was , to see the opinion winch had been given upon the case so stated . was ready to pay attention to the opinions of eminent gentlemen at the bar , on cases fairly stated to them , and especially those who were so eminent in their profession as the gentlemen alluded to ; but as this was a ques- 186 tion concerning the affairs of Ireland , he thought the opinion of the attorney and solicitor general of that part of the United Kingdom ought to be taken also . thought the hon . gent . who spoke last had made an extraordinary proposition by desiring to have the opinion of the only two gentlemen in the kingdom , who , by the rules of law and common sense , were necessarily excluded from giving it , because it was a case upon their own claim.—The motion was then put and carried . secretary to the commissioners of naval enquiry , presented a Copy of a Letter from lord viscount Melville to the commissioners of naval enquiry , dated the 28th of March , 1805 , and of the answer thereto by the commissioners . moved , `` that these papers do lie upon the table to be perused by the members of the house ; '' and he said he should immediately afterwards move that they be printed . wished to know whether a motion could not be made to