necessary . But while they thus perverted what had been said on his side , they seemed to have totally forgot what they said themselves ; and , notwithstanding their clamours respecting the deficiencies of the army , they now wished to consider it as a conceded point , that no augmentation was necessary . But if there was any thing on which all parties were fully agreed , it was that the army certainly did want an augmentation ; and the only difference was , respecting the means which it would be proper to purpose of effecting that augmentation . But then it was contended by a noble relation of his ( lord Temple ) that a distinct object was necessary before any Measure of this sort could be justified . Could it be seriously asserted that it was necessary that an expedition , like that to Holland , should be laid as the ground for this ? The argument was so extraordinary that it would be wasting the time of the house to enter upon it . Yet this alone , with the exception of one , was the serious objection . That other one was the inconsistency that appeared in the conduct of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) who with so much ability , had spoke in favour of the measure . What was this inconsistency ? The difference was not with regard to the object , 122 but with regard too the means by which the object was to be attained . The right hon . gent . had disapproved of one Method , but was that any reason why he should disapprove of another ? Yet this was the whole inconsistency . It might as well be argued that a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) was inconsistent opposing this measure , though there the inconsistency was still stronger , for this measure actually adopted that very thing which was the only one like a system thrown out in the course of his speech , on a former occasion , by that right hon . gent . namely , the reduction of the militia . Then again , it was said that there was something unjust and unconstitutional in this bill . As to the constitutional part of it , this objection had been fully answered by the right hon . gent . on the same bench with him ( Mr. Yorke ) , and the only attempt at a reply to him , merely went to confirm his statement . But then it was said , that this interfered with a pledge given by parliament , and that it was unjust to the officers of the militia , who had raised a certain number of men who were to be tied down on the defence of the country . Now his answer to that was that this would have been a most extraordinary pledge if it ever had been given by parliament , which consisted in chaining down such a number of men , so that they could not be called upon in any case of emergency . But the fact was , that the act fixed the militia to the smaller number during peace , and only empowered his majesty to call out the remainder in case of war . No pledge whatever had been given on the subject , nor could it be given , so as to be binding in all circumstances . The object was , to enable the surplus of the militia to form a better defence to the country , by being more disposable than if they had been confined to our own shores . The next objection was , the injustice done to the person who procured a substitute . All that would happen by the extension of the service would be , that the substitute would be enabled to render a more effectual service to the state . The country gained something by this but where the loss to the individual was , he was utterly unable to conceive . But then there must be a ballot