was said he had corrupted the Irish parliament . If he would commit such practices with regard to one legislature , his inclination at least would not be deficient to do the same to another . On this charge of the misapplication of the money , the right hon . gent . was to be tried , and if it should be found that the first lord of the treasury authorised such conduct , it would be no wonder if the subalterns in office took advantage of it to effect their own purposes . The third regarded the discharge given to lord Melville , on account of the defalcation of Mr. Jellicoe . Was it not then most obvious , that the right hon . gent . 's purity was the question to be determined in all these ? Then his hon . friend very naturally enquired what would a man of honour do if placed in such an unhappy predicament ? The right hon . gent. , when the subject was started , made no objection to the committee . He felt himself so closely touched , so sore when his conduct was doubted , that he would have the matter fully examined , and , to use his own words , he would have it sifted to the bottom . Then said his hon . friend truly , a man of honour , in such a disposition , would have no concern with , and if possible , no knowledge of the parties by whom the enquiries were to be prosecuted . But what was the course of the right hon . gent. ? He said , `` I will prescribe the line of your march . I will appoint the commanders in the field . '' He drew up the indictment by which he was to be arraigned , and then nominated the jury before whom he was to be tried . He would tell the right hon . gent. , in such a proceeding he had consulted his own honour ; the people of England would be disappointed , and they were entitled to a fair , full , and impartial investigation . said , he wished to trouble the house with but a very few words indeed , to which he was induced by what had fallen from the hon . gent . opposite . He had said that he thought the committee was very objectionable from the mode in which it had been balloted for , and that all the members might be supposed to be partially inclined . He did not wish to go into a committee concerning which such impressions prevailed , and he thought it necessary to ask whether the hon . gent . had any objection to him ? assured the hon . gentle- 524 man that to all those to whom he had any public objection , he had mentioned his objections , and that he never could have entertained the slightest to him individually . On the contrary , he appealed to himself , to say whether he had not asked his advice as to the names he should himself put down in the list , and his consent to insert his own name ? acknowledged the hon . gent . had done so , and he felt himself much obliged by the compliment ; but he did not allude to him , but to what had been said by Mr. Sheridan . disclaimed all idea of the smallest objection to the hon . gent . and said that his objection did not go to the committee , but to the mode in which it had been appointed by the right hon . gentleman . said , though he felt a great respect for the hon . members who composed the committee , he was afraid , from the way in which it had been appointed , the public would not think it so impartial as it ought to be . It was known , he said , as well as the sun at noon-day , that his side of the house wished the right hon . gent