should have no hesitation in declaring , as I now declare , that there never was any such understanding , nor any thing like it , between Mr. Trotter and myself ; that I never knowingly derived any such advantages ; and whatever emolument accrued to Mr. Trotter in the conduct of the pecuniary concerns of the office was , so far as I am informed , exclusively his own.—With respect to any advances winch Mr. Trotter might make on my private account , I considered myself as debtor to him alone , and as standing with regard to him in no other predicament than I should have done with any other man of business , Who might be in occasional advance to me in the general management of my concerns entrusted to him . It is impossible for me to ascertain , from any documents or vouchers in my hands , or now existing , what the extent of those advances might have been at any particular period . The accounts which you have inserted in your Report , I never saw till I saw them in the Report itself . They are no accounts of mine , nor am I party to them . They contain a variety of sums issued nominally to me , which never came into my hands , and they give no credit for various sums received by Mr. Trotter on my private account from my salary as treasurer of the Navy , and other sources of income , of which he was in the receipt , nor do they take any notice of the security of which he was in possession , for the re-payment of any balance at any time due to him from private funds.—With respect to the sums of naval money advanced to me , and applied to other services , I do not feel it necessary to make any additional observations , except to declare , that all those sums were returned to the funds from which they were taken , having in no instance been withdrawn from it for any purpose of private emolument or advantage.—Before I conclude , I wish to correct an inaccuracy which I observe in one part of the evidence in Appendix No . 7 , page 192 . The question is put to me , `` Did you derive any profit or advantage from the use or employment of money issued for carrying on the current 189 service of the Navy , between the 19th of Aug. 1802 , and 30th of April , 1803 ; or between the 1st of Feb. 1784 , and 31st of Dec. 1785 , during which periods you held the office of Treasurer of the Navy ? '' Which question I there answer by a reference to the answer given to a similar question put to me before . This answer is inaccurate , in so far as it contains a reference to Mr. Trotter 's mode of blending his funds in his private account with Messrs. Coutts . Mr. Trotter was not paymaster till the year 1786 . The circumstances , therefore , relative to Mr. Trotter 's account , which precluded my returning an answer to your former questions , do not apply to the periods specified in that mentioned , and I can , therefore , have no difficulty in declaring , that during those periods I did not derive any advantage from the use or employment of public money issued for carrying on the service of the Navy . Having stated these facts , it is almost unnecessary to add , that I am at any time ready to verify them upon my oath . I have the honour to be , gentlemen , & c. ( Signed ) MELVILLE . Answer of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry to the above Letter , dated Office of Naval Enquiry , Great George-street , April 2 , 1805 . My Lord—We have received your lordship 's letter of the 28th of last month , by which you intimate that we appear not to have accurately understood the grounds on which you declined answering our questions