Dundas with the one hand , and borrowing of Mr. Dundas with the other . It was a ridiculous , as well as dangerous combination . I know that some gentlemen on the other side will find all this system of accommodation very excusable . The public service is expedited , .and no loss is sustained . I confess I can not assent to such doctrines . I know that they were often urged by the right hon . gent . opposite , last war , and I have not forgotten all the fine things he told the house about the appropriation paper , and the manner in which each sum was satisfactorily accounted for to the public . I 268 was never satisfied with such a loose way of dealing with the public money , and I always thought that the solid reasoning of my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Fox ) shewed completely how hollow and dangerous they were in practice . But even allowing the right hon . gent . 's arguments all their weight , they did not at all go to prove that such advances were either legal or expedient . Legal no man dares to call them , and certainly there is a great difference betwixt the treasurer of the navy and the finance minister of the country.— My second charge against lord Melville is , that he connived at the appropriation of the public money to private purposes . Mr. Trotter does not deny that he had large sums in the hands of Mr. Coutts , his private banker ; and he has the effrontery to tell the commissioners , that it is more convenient for him to have his cash in the hands of a private banker than in the Bank of England , where an express act of parliament has declared that it shall be placed . This very ingenious gentleman thinks proper to add , that he finds himself more secure when his money is in the hands of Mr. Coutts than when it is in the Bank of England . Not only does he affirm , but he calls his patron , Lord Melville , to confirm his testimony ; —Lord Melville , who had promoted the passing of the act of 1785 , which expressly says the money shall be lodged in the bank ; —Lord Melville , who , not satisfied with the act of 1785 , gets new regulations , still more stict , in 1786 . He likewise tells the commissioners , that Mr. Trotter 's mode is also most convenient for the public service . Sir , I am really astonished to hear of the inconveniencies of having the money at the bank instead of a private banker 's ! Is not the discount at the bank easier than at a private banker 's establishment ? Can not bank notes be more easily procured ? But if the present mode , of which Mr. Trotter appears so fond , be so very advantageous , how comes it that Lord Melville never came to parliament to get it formally recognized ? Mr. Trotter , indeed , finds a very ingenious reason for placing his money in the hands of a private banker . He says , that he was so anxious for the security of the money that he placed it in Mr. Coutts 's , as the best place of safety . If any thing comes of the money I am an undone man , and my mind will never be at ease till Mr. Coutts has taken it into his protection . Now , it was not , though very improbable , altogether impossible that 269 a house , respectable as Mr. Coutts 's was , might fail , and what then becomes of the careful Mr. Trotter 's security ? . Why , sir , it is completely crushed and annihilated . But if he was so very careful as he pretends to be , why did he not place it in the Bank , where , even if a failure were to take place , still Mr. Trotter would