to assent to their adoption . He wished not that any man should be bound to criminate himself ; but , in any act which had for its object to compel public officers to account for their conduct of the public money , he was very unwilling that a clause should exist , calculated to shelter any public officer from rendering such account , if he chose to decline it . At least , any officer who should avail himself of such a clause , and thus explicitly declare an apprehension of the discovery of his guilt , ought not to be allowed , for one moment afterwards , to retain his office . The case was different with respect to private individuals . But , when the public thought proper to appoint a commission to enquire into the conduct of its stewards or agents , was it to be borne that any one of such servants should refuse to answer the questions of such a commission ; but , still more , was it tolerable that after such refusal he should remain in office ? If a public officer were innocent , why should he wish to be silent , and , if he were guilty , why should the legislature protect him in his silence ? He did not mean of course that any officer should be forced to furnish grounds of prosecution against himself , but that , if he persisted in that conduct which clearly implied a consciousness of delinquency , he should be dismissed from office . Gentlemen often appeared to forget the nature of these commissions . They were in fact , to be considered as the representatives of the public , examining the conduct of public servants . If a master were to appoint any person to enquire into the affairs of his family , and a servant were to refuse to answer such questions as might be put to him , from a fear of criminating himself , would such a servant be permitted to retain his place ? Certainly not . Why , then , should a treasurer of the navy , or his clerk , or any other public servant , 489 however high , he allowed to remain in office after refusing to answer to the agent of their master for the manner in which they had managed his concerns , particularly when their refusal betrayed a sense of guilt ? Whether public officers should be compellable to answer such commissions or not , it ought , surely , in common sense and equity , be understood that a refusal to answer should be immediately followed by dismissal . If that were understood , then the refusal of the 5th clause would not be so essentially necessary , although still a provision to meet such a case as that of Mark Sprott would be called for . That person declined to answer , on the ground that he was not , being no public officer , compellable to answer questions under the act . So he was advised by the lawyers whom he consulted . Perhaps those lawyers were Bright , but whether or not , it was proper to extend and explain the powers of the commissioners so as to leave no room for doubt or cavil , and to enable them fully to execute the purpose of their appointment . The hon . member repeated , that it was desirable to be understood that such a commission as that under consideration was not to be viewed by public officers as a hostile court of enquiry , but as a representative of the public , to which they are as much obliged to account , as any servants are to the enquiry of their masters . opposed the amendment . If it were adopted , he would put it to the consideration of the house how the bill was to be framed agreeable to its title , unless there was a private communication between the hon . gent . and his right hon . friend before the bill should be drawn up , and that the objections existing