be examined before a court of justice ; with this advantage , that before the latter it would all be given with the solemnity of an oath , and before a select committee , it would be without that solemnity . stated the inconveniences which would arise in the discussion of this matter in a court of equity , as reasons why the house should consider a great deal before it gave up its own control over the case in order to send it before that tribunal . replied to the different observations which had been made against his motion , but chiefly those which had been urged by Mr. Canning . He did not change his ground for the purpose of taking in any stray votes ; he appealed to the good sense of the house as to his having changed his mode of proceeding since the debate commenced . He did not see any reproach attaching to that , for it was the result of the force of arguments from his friends , and he saw no disrespect to the house for a man to change his opinion in the course of a debate : He thought the use of a good argument was to convince those who heard it , and he hoped he should never be so arrogant , as to think that his mind was so perfect as to be incapable of receiving instructions from the minds of others . He had once thought of a prosecution against my lord Melville by the attorney general , but he was convinced , from what he had heard to-night , there was but little prospect of any restitution of property to the public by that mode of proceeding ; he had therefore for the present abandoned it , and he adhered only to the motion for a committee . As his motion stated , the great object with him was not to pursue lord Melville as a public debtor , but to prosecute him as a public delinquent . Not that he gave any other proceeding up , for he held himself at liberty to take any of the modes proposed to be adopted on this occasion , but he abandoned them all for the present , except that of the committee proposed by his motion , and as he gave up the other measures , he 426 expected the support of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , who had spoken so vehemently against him to-night . He had great hopes the house would continue to deserve the approbation of the public by its determination this night.—The house then divided—For the amendment 229 ; for Mr. Whitbread 's motion 151 ; majority for the amendment 78. then said , that he held in his hand a list of members whom he meant to propose to the consideration of the house , as fit persons to compose a committee to whom the subject should be referred . It was of the utmost importance that this committee should consist of persons whose character for talents , independence and integrity , should give confidence to the country , and he was sure that no objection would be made to any one of the names that he held in his hand . They were selected , without consideration to party , from both sides of the house . He read over the names , as follows : —Mr . Baker , Mr. Bankes , Mr. Blackburn , Mr. N. Calvert , Hon . Spencer Cowper , Mr. Creevey , Hon . Mr. Pierrepoint , Hon . John Fane , Sir John Newport , Lord Folkstone , F. Gregor , Esq . Lord Archibald Hamilton , Mr. Madocks , Lord Marsham , Hon H. Lascelles , Sir John Wrottesley , Sir Robert Peele , Lord Henry Petty , Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Whitbread , Lord Robert Spencer , and concluded with moving the first name , William Baker , Esq . member for the county of Hertford . objected to this mode of naming the committee , and moved as an amendment , that the committee should