Mr. Grogan was not so much to blame as he appeared to be ; on which he applied to General Lake to suspend the execution of the sentence for some time , till he could make further inquiry ; to which general Lake consented , and the execution was deferred till evening , when not being able to find any facts in his favour to counterpoise , or do away the evidence adduced against him , he went to inform General Lake of the circumstance , and the execution then took place . rose merely to express his disapprobation of acts of attainder in general , as affecting the innocent and not the guilty . said , he was anxious to do justice to the characters of Mr. Grogan 's brothers and family , by allowing 171 that they had always distinguished themselves by the most unshaken loyalty and attachment to their king and country , and government had shewn its sense of their conduct by conveying the confiscated estate to a near relation of the family . His lordship 's motion was then , with the leave of the house , withdrawn , and the original motion was agreed to . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the militia enlisting bill . The bill was then read a third time . The right hon . gent . brought up a clause relative to the wives and families of those militia men who should enlist . asked whether it was the intention of the clause to render these wives and families still dependent on the country for support after the husbands should have enlisted ? If that was the case he would oppose the clause . expressed the same resolution , to object to it in case it was intended to occasion a permanent burden to the country . said , that they had mistaken the clause , for its object was exactly the contrary of what they imagined , in as far as it went to take the burden of the families of Such militiamen as should enlist off the country after a time to be limited.—The clause was then agreed to ; and , after a verbal amendment had been proposed and adopted , the question was put that the bill should pass . was sorry that he was again obliged to trespass on the indulgence of the house , but hoped that he would not be thought pertinacious in his opinions ; when no argument had as yet been urged to justify this pernicious measure , at least nothing more than this , that the change of service would be advantageous to the country , He admitted that this was to a certain degree the case , but then the question must be considered with reference to other points , and in this view it would be found to be calculated to produce a great deal of mischief . The fact was , that the object of the bill was to supply the defects of the parish bill ; that notable production , that wonderous conception which had been called a rural nymph , clad in russet gown . The gentlemen on the other side , would wish , no doubt to give her a more splendid name . They would call her Minerva , the goddess 172 of wisdom , sprung in complete armour from the brain of this political Jupiter , the whole Congress , on mount Olympus being employed as the midwives . He rather thought , however , that she was in reality no more than a plain rustic nymph , not over remarkable for dress or attractions , for she had wandered over every parish in the kingdom , and had not been able to find a friend , or companion to accompany her . He observed , that the ballot was a very unequal tax on the people ; but still the militia had long been established , and the principle could not be destroyed without the most flagrant injustice . The noble lord concluded with severely condemning the ever-changing system the right hon . gent