and corrupt malversation ? ( A cry of hear ! hear ! from the opposite side . ) If gentlemen really thought so , they were right in pressing the motion ; but he was at a loss to find out upon what foundation such a conclusion could be drawn from the premises before the house ; for the case could not , even on the face of the report , before the other side was heard , amount to any thing more than a case of suspicion . He would then ask the hon . gent . what he would think of the hardship of that case , if hereafter it should appear as he believed it would , that the suspicion was without foundation ? —He then pro- 302 ceeded to : observe on that part of the report of the commissioners , in which they disapprove of the manner in which the accountants ' branch , consisting of principal and eight clerks having been established by order of council in : Aug. 1786 , for the express purpose of bringing up the old , and keeping up the new accounts ; and they were surprised this had not been done , but that the clerks had been employed in the current business of the pay-office ; and on which the committee said , this was a false economy . He admitted that no economy was more pitiful than that of starving the public service by a paucity of clerks in public offices ; but there was erroneous conception on this subject . It was generally considered , that the power of the treasurer of the navy was much greater than it was , he was considered as a kind of despot in the office , when in truth he could neither add to the number of the clerks nor to their salary This economy , pitiful as it might be , was not the economy of lord Melville , for he had applied to the admiralty for additional clerks for the accountant 's branch , and they were not allowed . Since lord Melville became first lord of the admiralty , he had applied , and these clerks were allowed long before the commissioners suggested the necessity of them . There was another detached point , upon which great stress was laid and which seemed to be considered a material feature in the case . He meant the circumstance of Mr. Trotter having drawn 1 million in one day from the bank , and lodged it in the house of Messrs. Coutts . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) had said , that much doubt lay upon this transaction , and that it might admit of explanation . Now he should go farther . He would undertake to explain it satisfactorily . The fact then was , that this million was not the whole sum drawn that day . He begged the house not to be startled when he stated how the case was . The fact was , it was part of a sum of 2½ millions drawn upon the same day , viz . the 10th of April . Of this due intimation was given in the Gazette by the commissioners of the navy and victualling office , stating , that treasurer of the navy had that day received money for the services of these departments for 6 months , and giving the creditors an option of money or bills , as they should think proper . The next day , the 11th , these 2½ millions were offered to the persons having any demands against these several departments , and therefore there was nothing secret or clandestine in the transaction . The 303 next detached charge particularly concerned himself . It had been insinuated out of doors , in consequence of something contained in the report , that he , as treasurer of the navy had thrown obstructions in the way of jnquiry . The right hon . gent . here entered into a justification of his own conduct . He said , he had been called upon by the commissioners