obtained a provision for himself and his family out of his lands . But the question is not at present , and in this place , whether this canon was too severe , still less whether it was or was not altogether unjust ; it is merely , whether it contains a solemn , deliberate , systematic principle , which catholics respect as a standing and obligatory rule of conduct , or rather , whether it is so evidently such , that we can not believe them , when they disclaim and abjure it . Sir , it is almost ridiculous to state this ; for , never did any measure carry on the surface of it so plainly the form and pressure of the times . And what have we , six hundred years after , to do with Raymond , count of Thoulouse , who , by the way , subsequently recovered his territories at the point of the sword and left them to his son ? —Yet , sir , called as this council was for the settlement of Europe as well as the regulation of the church , there vas one subject agitated in it , which might have been thought more interesting to an English 990 house of commons than any connected with the affairs of Raymond , count of Thoulouse ; and this , Mr. Speaker , was nothing less than the validity of the GREAT CHARTER . In that same year had this first and most important fundamental law of our rights and liberties been extorted from the reluctant hand of John by the great barons leagued together for this purpose , and guided to this object by the temperate , but firm counsels of Stephen Langton , archbishop of Canterbury ; for to that excellent prelate do we principally owe this corner-stone of our free constitution . He it was , who observing , that the tumultous contentions which were perpetually breaking out between the usurpation of an ill-defined monarchy on the one side , and the irregular pretensions of a high-minded aristocracy on the other , only led to alternations of anarchy and tyranny , equally lawless and destructive , conceived and proposed to the confederate lords the project of fixing with precision for ever in a solemn instrument , the franchises , privileges , and immunities of all the estates of the people of the realm . But the wax of his seal was hardly cold , when the perfidious and unprincipled king sent to implore the interposition of the pope , to release him from the obligation of fulfilling his duty , and preserving his faith to his subjects . Innocent the IIId , to whom John had before surrendered his kingdom , issued his bull , declaring the charter void , as derogatory to his rights in his new character of lord paramount . He appointed legates to publish it here . But the primate , though he had been elevated to the see of Canterbury immediately by the pontiff himself , held on his own course in a matter which , he was conscious , no way belonged to the papal tribunal . He encouraged the barons to resist . For this he was himself suspended from the exercise of his functions by the legates . He was formally accused before the council of Lateran . He scorned to deny the charge : the suspension was confirmed ; the archbishop of . Canterbury suspended , and the barons of the realm excommunicated by the council of Lateran for having obtained the GREAT CHARTER ! and yet , sir , I perceive no cry , no look , no gesture of consternation around me . Not a man among us appears to think the GREAT CHARTER in one title less secure for the violent attempt made to crush it at the council of Lateran . Not a man , I Will venture to say , will suggest to his majesty , that his imperial crown is in the slightest danger 991 from the claims of the pope , derived from Innocent the IIId as lord paramount . Why