's own sake , I trust it will not be resorted to . But , sir , let me only call your attention to the preamble of the bill , and the house will see that neither its letter nor spirit can be misunderstood for a single moment . The preamble of the bill recites all the abuses specified in the several reports , alludes to the resolutions for the correction of those abuses , and specifies that a specific salary is to be given in lieu of all fees , emoluments , or advantages . A competent salary was established , that all temptation to make an improper use of the public money might be avoided . Thus then , both according to the spirit and letter of the act , it was impossible for the noble lord , or any other human being , to mistake what was the direct object of the legislature . Now , what was the first act of the first part , in the second treasurership of Lord Melville , with this act expressly in his view ? The act says , that all money shall be immediately taken from the hands of the treasurer , and lodged in the Bank Of England . The act passed in July , 1785 , and it was not till the subsequent January that the balances were paid into the Bank , agreeably to the terms of the act . What possible excuse can be set up for such an extraordinary violation of an act of parliament , in the framing of which the noble lord himself , in all probability , took a. material interest ? He is the first to violate that law to which so much importance is attached . In what manner too does this violation take place ? It appears , that on the 31st January , 1784 , the-balance in the hands of the treasurer of the navy was upwards of 70,000l . ; and in July , 1785 , it had increased to upwards of 113,000l . being an augmentation of more than 42,000l . betwixt the two periods to which I have alluded . I wish to know then why this delay , in the transfer of the balance took place ? It is impossible to account for this by any consistent principle . The only way of accounting for the matter satisfactorily , is to suppose that it was withheld with the sole view of private emolument I know it has been contended that the delay took place in consequence of some regulations in the treasurer 's office being incomplete , but will such a pretext as this impose even on the weakest understanding ? What difficulty was there in the transfer which the act required ? What new regulations were wanting to complete the sate lodgment of the balances of the treasurer of the navy in the 263 Bank of England ? But it is to such wretched pretexts .as this that the noble lord is reduced when unable to give any other reason for the violation of an act of parliament than that which I have just referred to . Such is the situation in which we find the noble lord at the expiration of the first part of his second treasurership . I shall now go on to the consideration of the sequel of this second treasurership , which forms the grand subject of the tenth report . In doing this I shall arrange my observations under three distinct charges . In the first place , then , I charge Lord Melville with having applied the money of the public to other uses than those of the naval department with which he was connected , in express contempt of an act of parliament , and in gross violation of his duty . I charge the noble lord , in the second place , with conniving at a system of peculation in an individual , for whose conduct in the use of the public money he was deeply responsible , and for this connivance I denounce him as guilty of a high crime and misdemeanour