whom he had already mentioned going to India , it would be of the utmost importance that the council at Fort William should have his experience and ability added to that of which it is already possessed . He therefore moved , that leave be given to amend the act which he had mentioned on introducing the subject to the house . then rose and said ; sir , I am not aware of any objection to the provisions of this bill . The cases stated , though I hope not likely to happen , ought to be provided for . The supposition can not be made without some painful reflec- 134 tions : that lord Cornwallis , on his arrival in Bengal , which can not be computed at less than six months from this period , will find India still involved in war , and that he may be obliged to take the field in person . If that be well founded , it gives us but a melancholy prospect of the state of our affairs in that quarter . I do not perceive that the bill gives lord Cornwallis any new or extraordinary powers ; and , if it did , I should not be inclined to oppose it , for two reasons ; first , because I should think it not at all unlikely that the exigency of the case might require such powers ; and then , because I know of no person among those who have acted in great stations in my time , whom I should be more ready to trust with great power , than my lord Cornwallis . Judging of him by all his public conduct , I am convinced that power may be safely trusted in his hands , and that he will never use it but for the benefit of the public service . If my voice could contribute to his honour , he should have it without reserve , for the spirit that prompts him to undertake such a task , as I know it to be , and at such a time ; and if it were possible to give him support in the execution of it by any effort of mine , he might be sure of it . I am convinced that his great object will be to compose the disorders of India , and to restore peace and tranquillity to the unfortunate inhabitants of that country.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill , which was brought up and read a first time . On the motion being put for the house resolving itself into a committee of the whole house , on the Militia Enlisting bill , said , it was his intention to propose in the committee a clause for limiting the time of the enlistment of these volunteers . It was now 14 years since he first endeavoured to impress the propriety of enlisting for the army for a term of years . The enlistment for life , however , still continued , though he was convinced his proposition would be ultimately adopted , as the only certain mode of permanently recruiting the army . His plan was partially adopted in the volunteering from the militia in 1799 , in which case the enlistment was for a definite term of 5 years , and during the war . There was no provision to that effect in the present bill , and that was his principal reason for voting against it on the second reading . He would propose in the committee 135 a limitation similar to that of 1799 , with the exception of that part of it which restricted the service to Europe . The limitation he meant to propose was , merely for the term of 5 years , without any limitation of place . said , the bill was neither unconstitutional nor unjust : and if it was the motto of the constitution neither to bend or bow , yet as the militia was but one branch of the great tree of the constitution , the militia might be constitutionally made both to bow and bend ,