of civil and political liberty , terms which imply no difference , except that the word civil is derived from the Latin , and the word political from the Greek . Do we not enjoy the most important privileges of any nation in Europe We boast that we shall be able to make exertions against the enemy , that the subjects of arbitrary governments can not be expected to make . Why is this ? It is because we are fighting for laws that are our laws , for a constitution that is our constitution , for those liberties and sacred immunities which no other country under heaven possesses the advantages of fighting for . If , sir , such are the grounds on which , under God , we trust so much to for our success , do they not apply with equal force to another country , or rather another part of our own country ? And do you not suppose , that those who fight for greater privileges , will exert themselves more than those men who are deprived of the civil and political advantages enjoyed by their fellow-citizens ? If the same exertions can not be expected by those who are deprived of the privileges to which they are entitled , what do we gain by the disabilities we impose on them ? You put the country in the situation in which you are compelled , of necessity , to confess , you have no other 1055 expectation than that of comparative exertion . I ask you . whether that is not the true state of the case with regard to the Roman catholics of Ireland ? I will not urge further than I did , when I opened this subject , the argument , that the privileges bestowed upon the higher orders of people are , in point of fact , enjoyed by the lower . No answer has been given to the argument , and therefore I must take it as a principle admitted . No one has attempted to contradict the opinion that the lower orders are influenced by the advantages and the privileges bestowed on their superiors . Those who recollect the debates two years ago , may furnish their minds with as strong an illustration on this subject as any argument can possibly produce . It was two years since an hon . member , then secretary at war , brought in a bill for raising an army enmasse . After having explained the details of the bill , as it applied to Great Britain , he did conclude with a short sentence , which every body well understood , and with regard to which no one thought any comment was necessary . The sentence was to the effect , that it was not thought expedient to apply the bill to Ireland . It would certainly have been indiscretion , in the true sense of the word , either to have applied it to Ireland , or to have commented on the reason for not applying it . Why ? Because it was well known that the mass of the people of Ireland were not like the mass of the people of England ; because they consisted of two divided partied , in the lower of which you could not have the same confidence as in the higher ; and therefore it was that in England the levy en masse , which constituted the best security of the country , was in Ireland looked to as its greatest source of danger I will refer gentlemen to the bill for promoting our military force and national defence . I remember , in the course of one day 's discussion , relative to the force in Ireland at the time of the debate . compared with the period of the treaty of Amiens , that a statements was made of so much cavalry , so much infantry , so much artillery , and so many fencibles . It was then admitted on both sides , that with regard to such and such regiments , there was a circumstance that made country ; that