, and with whose assistance should they do this ? With the aid of the French , who starve their clergy . The ordinary principles of action , the human motives that direct other men , according to these reasoners , are not to be found in the catholic . Nature is in him reversed : he is not influenced by the love of family , of property , of privileges , of power , or any human passions , according to his antagonists , no more than his antagonists are influenced by human reason , and therefore it is these reasoners deal mostly in the prophetic strain , with a prophets fury and his blindness—with much zeal , and no religion . I would ask then , what authority have they 932 for , thus introducing the church as an obstacle to the advantages of the state ? Is it political , or is it moral , to deprive the catholic of the franchises of the constitution , because they contribute to the church , lest , on obtaining those franchises , they should pass laws with-holding that contribution ? as if you had any right to make that supposition , or any right to insist on that perilous monopoly , which should exclude them at once from church and state , that they might pay for both without compensation . The great preachers of our capital have not said so , Mr. Dunn , that meek spirit of the Gospel—he has not said so . Mr. Douglas , in his strain of piety , morals , and eloquence—he has not said so . Nor the great luminary himself—he who has wrung from his own breast , as it were , near 60,000l . by preaching for public charities , and has stopped the mouth of hunger with its own bread—he has not said so . I ask not what politicians may instil and may whisper ; what have the labouring clergymen preached and practised ? —But the revolution , it seems , is an eternal bar : they find the principles of slavery in the revolution , as they lane found those of darkness in the revelation . If they mean to measure the privileges of the empire by the model existing at the revolution , they must impose on Ireland eternal proscription , for at that time she was deprived of the rights of trade and constitution , and the catholics of all rights whatsoever ; and they must impose on the empire two opposite principles of action , the free system for England , and the proscriptive principle for the rest . They are then to make Ireland fight for British liberty and Irish exclusion . Their argument is therefore not only a wicked wish , but a vain one , Nor is this the practice of other countries ; those countries do not require the religion of the public officer to be the religion of the state ; their practice has been notoriously otherwise : they who said the contrary labour under a glaring error . Nor will you be able to encounter France and the other nations of Europe , if they should avail themselves of the talents of all their people , and you will oppose them by only a part of yours , and while you deprive yourself of the full strength of those talents , expose yourself to their animosity . It follows then , whether you look principles of liberty or empire , that you can not make the proscriptive system existing at the revolution the measure of the other parts of your empire ; you must then make the principles of the revolution that measure . What are those principles ? Civil 933 and religious liberty . They existed at that time in full force for you , they existed as seminal principles for us , they were extended to the protestant part of Ireland a century after , they remain now to be extended to the catholics . Then will your revolution be completed , not overthrown ; then will you extend the principles of your empire on