. Unfortunately for the country , the persons who had the superintendance of the naval department at present , seemed to have come into office upon the specific pledge of wholly reversing the system of their predecessors . Economy and arrangement in the king 's yards , the great objects of that noble lord , who lately presided at the admiralty , were either slighted or neglected by those who succeeded him , and the important reforms which he had suggested , which he had partially executed , and which he would have completely effected as soon as peace should be restored , appeared to have been totally abandoned . As a fitter opportunity would arise for discussing that important subject in all its considerations , he would not enter upon it at present , but having stated the general grounds upon which he brought forward his motions , proceeded to read the whole of them to their lordships . The motions with which he would trouble their lordships were , first , for `` A list of ships which have been fitted , or refitted , between the 8th March 1803 , and the 15th May 1804 , shewing when each was taken in hand , and when completed . '' To this he presumed there would be no objection , as it was one of the motions made by the noble viscount at the head of the admiralty , with the addition of the period during which the ships were refitted.—His next motion would be for `` A list of such ships as have beets docked between the 8th March 1803 , and 15th May 1804 , specifying the time when docked and undocked . '' This was the same made by his lordship , with the addition of the period.—He would next move for `` A list of his majesty 's ships on commission , which were built in the merchants ' yards , specifying the time when launched , their cost , and the sums which have since been expended on them , and at what periods . '' It would appear from this account , that in general the ships constructed in the merchants ' yards were obliged to be repaired within the short period of four years after they were launched.—His next motion would be for `` A list of his majesty 's 147 ships in commission , which were built in the king 's yards , specifying the time when they were launched , their cost , and the sums which have been since expended on them , and at what periods . '' The reason for which he would move for this account was to shew how few ships there were actually in commission which had been built in the king 's yards , and their durability compared with the ships built in the private yards.—His next would be for `` An account of the principal articles of naval stores in the king 's yards , on the 18th Feb. 1801 , 15th of May 1804 , and at this time , or as near to the said periods as can be collected from the returns . The quantities of rough and sided timber to be separately stated , and the foreign timber distinguished from the English . '' This was also one of the noble lord 's motions , with a trifling addition . He was anxious that the quantity of timber should be distinctly stated , because there is a greet fallacy in the account when the sided timber is returned with the rough , amounting , as he understood , to nearly one third.—His next would be for `` An account of the principal articles of naval stores due on contract , according to the latest returns from the several yards ; and also on the 18th Feb. 1801 , and the 15th of May 1804 ; the foreign timber to be separately stated from the English , and the rough timber from the sided . '' The substance of this motion was included in one made by the noble lord , but he thought it necessary to be