it might in the first instance be inferred that the intention was to examine the noble viscount upon points which may form matter of accusation against himself . Under these circumstances , particularly referring to the standing order , it was incumbent upon the house seriously to take the case into consideration before an answer should be sent to the commons . He already stated he had not his mind fully made up as to the most proper course to be adopted . He thought that some time , avoiding all unnecessary delay , should be given to noble lords to consider and to enquire as to the precedents in such cases . He hoped , however , under the circumstances of the case , and its peculiar importance , there would be no objection , no difficulty in referring it to the consideration of a committee of privileges , and that the clerk be ordered to furnish them with such precedents of similar cases as may have occurred . thought the noble secretary of state should be sure of proceeding upon strong grounds before he did what might appear at least as throwing difficulties in the way of public justice ; and it appeared to him rather extraordinary that a member of his majesty 's government should be the first to come forward with such a proposition , in a case of such a delicate and peculiar nature as the present . At any rate , he hoped their lordships would avoid all unnecessary delay , and come , as soon as possible , to a resolution upon the point . in explanation , begged leave to express his astonishment at what had fallen from the noble earl . He was at a loss to conceive how it could possibly be inferred from what he said , that he entertained the least idea of throwing any difficulties in the way of public justice . urged that several peers had at different times attended committees of the house of commons for the purpose of giving them information with respect to subjects under their consideration . He admitted , however , in answer to a question of lord Hawkesbury across the table , that there was no matter of accusation against any of the peers he had alluded to . He was perfectly aware that their lordships could not compel lord Melville to attend a committee of the house of commons ; but he conceived there could be no difficulty , if that noble lord was willing to attend , in giving him permission to do so . He wished to know ii there was any precedent subsequent to 1673 applicable to this case ? observed , that his motive in moving a reference to the committee was to search for precedents . contended for the propriety , in every point of view , of upholding and maintaining the privileges of their lordship 's house . It was the bounden duty of every member of that house to maintain them . What had been advanced by the noble duke was nothing at all to the present question . It signified nothing , with reference to the standing order , whether a peer be willing or not to attend . The order was peremptory and explicit , and prohibited such attendance , under severe penalties . He believed there was no instance of a peer 's being permitted to attend , where matters of accusation against him were under consideration . The noble and learned lord referred to some precedents before the order was made , in illustration of what he had advanced . In a case ? in the year 1628 , a permission had been granted in respect to an act of parliament then recently passsed , and a correspondent entry was made upon the Journals . In one or two other instances , leave had been given ; but , by the resolution solemnly taken in 1673 , no member of that house was suffered to attend in such a case , even were he inclined , or even to appear by his counsel . These were prohibited under