intimating , before he heard them read , that 648 he should propose the committee to be chosen by ballot . remonstrated against this proceeding . The right hon . gent . had himself named a committee in the early part of the evening respecting the India business . said , that it did not follow such was to be the invariable mode of appointment . There was a considerable difference between a committee , such as that the hon . gent . had alluded to , and one to which matter that went to criminate an individual was to be referred . declined dividing the house on the subject . observed , that it would be necessary , for the sake of form , to propose the first name on Mr. Kinnaird 's list , which happening to be that of Mr. Canning , produced a considerable deal of laughter . remarked that he certainly could have no objection to his right hon . friend , although for the sake of the general principle , he should be obliged to negative his appointment . could see no other rule for the conduct of his right hon . relation opposite , except that when he himself chose to nominate , he thought it right ; but if any person on the other side proposed it , he found a ballot the only mode.—The motion was negatived . And the chancellor of the exchequer moved , that the number of the committee be twenty-one , and that they be chosen by ballot ; both which motions were agreed to.—Adjourned . On the motion of Mr. Leycester , it was ordered that a message be sent to the lords , requesting their lordships to permit lord Harrowby to attend and give evidence before the committee of naval enquiry.—The Irish land partition 649 bill passed through a committee , and was ordered to be reported to-morrow.—The ballot for a committee on the charges against sir H. Popham , was put off till to-morrow , on the suggestion of Mr. Kinnaird , as several members did not know that it was to have come on this day.—Mr . Shaw presented a petition from the corporation of the city of Dublin , against the Roman catholics ' claims . Ordered to be laid on the table.—On the motion of Mr. Fane , it was ordered that the late sheriffs of the county of Middlesex , be tomorrow brought to the bar , in order to their being discharged.— The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved , that the order for the house to-morrow going into a committee on the bill for the continuance of the naval commissioners ' powers , be discharged , and that a new order be made for Tuesday next . Ordered.— On the motion of the same right hon . gent . it was ordered , that the committee on the bill for authorizing enquiry into other departments , be put off to the above-mentioned day also.—The house resolved itself into a committee on the Irish election regulation bill , in which several verbal amendments were made . Upon the house being resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday next.—The report of the committee on the Irish stamp duties act was brought up . The resolutions were read and agreed to , and a bill ordered conformably to the tenour of the resolutions.—Mr . Foster presented copies of the letters patent of the lords commissioners of his majesty 's treasury in Ireland . Ordered to be laid on the table.—The wine duty bill , and the slate duty bill were read a second time , and ordered to be referred to a committee to-morrow.— On the order of the day for the second reading of the Irish small debt bill , Mr. May objected to the bill , on the ground of its throwing too large a quantity of business on private gentlemen , acting as magistrates , who had already as much as they knew what to do with ; and as these small debts were recoverable at the quarter sessions . Sir