. out of office ; and it was as well known that he would endeavour to keep in as long as he could . He was sorry to see him proceeding in such a way , to obtain an enquiry into his conduct . He thought the committee he had recommended the other night would have been a much fairer one , viz , the taking one alternately from each side of the house , and all those to whom he had since mentioned it were of the same opinion . Why were not the names of two hon . gentlemen below in this list ; gentlemen of the most noble and independent principles , and who had for many years past supported the measures of the right hon . gentleman ? He mentioned Mr. Bankes by name ( and there was a cry of order ! order ! ) . The other gent . alluded to was Mr. Wilberforce . He was afraid , he said , their names were left out , because they had dared to vote against him on a late memorable question . He exhorted those gentlemen , however , to go on , and one day or other the country would most assuredly reward them . He said , if the hon . and learned gent . ( the Master of the Rolls ) was always quibbling in another place as he was here , he would not give a farthing for his arguments . complained that his right hon . and learned friend ( the Master of the 525 Rolls ) had been arraigned in his absence , and blamed for having entered on a justification of himself in circumstances that so peculiarly led to it . He was sure , however , that he might say ? also in the absence of that right hon . gent. , that there never was a man to whom the task of justifying himself was more easy or less necessary . He reprobated the terms that had been employed by some hon . gent . in speaking of the committee , and thought his hon . friend ( Mr. Lascelles ) perfectly justifiable in resenting the general language of opprobrium that had been applied to it.—They had been told by an hon . member that he was far from meaning to attach any disrespect to his hon . friend , or to impute any disgrace to individuals of the committee . What ! said the right hon . gent. , is it then no disgrace to belong to a packed jury , such as they attempted to represent this committee ? He was glad , however , his hon . friend had taken an opportunity of having such broad imputations contradicted . In regard to Mr. Baker , for whom he had the greatest respect , he contended that he had been introduced merely for the purpose of giving more weight to their objections against the noble lord , and not from any real regard for that hon . gent . They had proposed him in form , not in substance . It was not to obtain his assistance to the , committee , but to get quit of his noble friend , they had brought him forward . Though to Mr. Baker , therefore , he could have no objection , he regarded himself as bound to resist the motion . His right hon . friend had been represented as shrinking from enquiry , but how was that charge attempted to be made out ? Was it by stating , as they had done , that he had withdrawn from the cognizance of the committee every thing but what related to himself ? This , instead of shrinking from an enquiry , was more like courting it , so far at least as related to himself . His rt . hon . friend indeed had always wished enquiry , and bad originally contended for that very mode of enquiry which the house had at last adopted , he meant a committee . As to what farther respected lord Melville in the report , the