ancestors had , with so much deliberation and care , erected around the established church , they would do unintentionally , without doubt , but in the archbishop 's judgment effectually , all that was in their power to excite and provoke that bad spirit of animosity and religious intolerance that marked and disgraced the worst pages of their history subsequent to the reformation . On these grounds the archbishop felt it his duty to resist the motion of going into a committee to consider the substance of the petition . —My lords , it is not my purpose to go any great length into argument upon the question before you . I rise principally with a view to offer some observations in answer to a noble and learned lord who holds a high situation in Ireland , and whose speech in this debate , I own , creates in my mind no small share of astonishment . It has been well observed by other noble lords , that whatever comes from his elevated authority on a subject wherein it ought to be presumed , at least , he is well informed , must have much weight in this house . Looking to his grave character , and that liberality of sentiment which I expected would have raised his mind far above the vulgar prejudices and idle tales that have filled narrow minds upon this topic , I hoped from him , that whatever might be his sentiments upon the motion before you , they would at least have been delivered with that calmness , moderation , and sound argument , that one would expect to characterise the expanded mind , extensive knowledge , just discernment , and strict impartiality benefiting his high judicial situation , in a coun- 779 try where he forms so important a member of the government , and presides over the administration of justice . But , my lords , how great was my astonishment to find the noble lord , not only opposing the motion with a degree of heat and acrimony little becoming his gravity , but conjuring up the most abominable arguments to support his opposition . Where the noble and learned lord has found his authority for such arguments , and so totally opposite to those sentiments by which lie has heretofore been actuated , I am at a loss to account . Upon a former occasion , that noble lord manifested the most liberal zeal in favour of the catholics of this country , and used such exertions to obtain a relaxation of the penal laws , in their favour , as to procure for himself the warmest thanks of those whose cause he has espoused . But such seems the strange bias , I will not call it the prejudice , of his mind against the catholics of another country , that , in order to mark still stronger his dispraise towards those of Ireland , he is lavish in his encomiums upon those of England , and tells us , that the only distinctive characteristics between the protestants and catholics of his acquaintance or neighbourhood in this country , was , that the latter were always the most exemplary , and best conducted men in the parish where they lived . But what is the noble and learned lord 's chief accusation against the catholics of Ireland ? Why , that they have bishops , by whose guidance their conduct is influenced ; and that those bishops have gone the length of calling the right reverend prelate of Armagh , plain Dr. Stuart . But though the noble and learned lord arraigns with so , much stress the contumacy of this circumstance , I hardly think the right reverend prelate himself would lay so much stress upon it , or consider it as any infraction of his archiepiscopal rank or diocesan authority . The noble and learned lord has said , that no protestant dares appear in certain parts of Ireland . This , I am afraid , was too much the case in some parts of that country during the furor of the late rebellion . I