the said debt , and of such of them as had been performed ; together with an account of all the rent , produce , and profits of the estates and property of any kind whatsoever belonging to the said John Fordyce , and which had been by him conveyed to the lords of the treasury in 1783 , as a security for his debt from that period to the present time . '' wished to call the attention of the house to the nature of this transaction . The hon . member had changed the object which he had first set out with , and he understood him to consider the situation of Mr. Fordyce as arising out of misfortune . But he could state that it had not been the opinion of the actual government that had removed him from office that he was unworthy to be trusted , though they had declined employing him in a situation connected with the revenue . He held no such situation at present . He had held a very laborious office in a commission to inquire concerning the lands of the crown , appointed at the instance of that house ; his name had been subscribed to reports made to the house on that subject , and parliamentary measures had been grouned on such reports . He then held an executive office for carrying these measures into , effect , and had produced as great a practical 56 reform as had ever been effected in any department . The revenues of crown lands , which then had been reduced to 6000l . had by his management been raised since to 40,000l . which would increase in the present year , and in the course of a few years amount to some hundred thousands . This he stated to show , that Mr. F. was not a person unworthy to be trusted , and that his being in arrear had arisen from misfortune only , as well as that the public had enjoyed the benefit of his talents and services . His misfortune had arisen from the failure in three successive instances of his agents , one of whom had not been of his selection , but recommended by the late lord Rockingham , as collector-general , and therefore , in fairness , he ought not to be accountable for the 14,000l . which now remained unsatisfied of his default . Another failure had arisen from the bankruptcy of a house in which Mr. Fordyce had vested certain sums of money , arising from the sale of forfeited estates in Scotland , which under the act of 1770 , he was made the medium for conveying to the treasury . By this failure , which happened a short time before he was removed from his office , though it did not add considerably to his official arrears , he lost a sum of 40,000l . Under these circumstances , when addressing so enlightened an assembly , and as the origin of this transaction was historical , he trusted that the question would be considered without any view to party object , though the hon . gent . in the latter part of his speech , had appeared to give it that complexion . He had a right to consider the case of Mr. Fordyce as a case of hardship . He had been left large sums in debt by the failure of agents , and from that hour no balances had been in hand upon which interest could accrue . He had been treated with forbearance , and that forbearance had been continued to him , first , because his default had arisen from misfortune ; and , secondly , because rigorous measures would have ruined him , and thereby have prevented the public from receiving those payments , which he should presently state . The hon . member had represented the arrear of Mr. F. as 90,000l . It had been more , but was soon reduced to that sum . Before 1797 , 2,000l . had been paid out of his separate property , and since 8,000l . There were