a great length in doing away the charges made against them . The restoration of the Hindoo Rajah and his family , was a strong proof of the moderation , lenity , and liberality of govt . and a transaction which , in itself , dispelled much of the calumny which had been thrown upon the councils of that country . The hon . gent . in his indictment had made general charges : to this indictment he put in his plea , which he contended was a good bar to the action . The next point his lordship came to , was with respect to the territories of the Oude and the Carnatic , as to the first of which there were no papers upon the table , by which the house could be guided , nor could it be charged that the transactions relative to those countries were an acquisition of territory . In the year 1765 , both those became bound within the power of the British empire , they were always subordinate to , dependent on and directed by the British govt . and council . Our connection with the Nizam , the hon . gent . considered as a measure of reproach : that he should charge this , his lordship owned he was not at all surprized , for he did not mean to say but that the native powers were much distressed by the connection ; they were at war with other states , and were obliged to resort to a foreign force for assistance ; but that the connection with the British govt . was so horrible , so detestable to the native princes was an assertion wholly fallacious . The charge also of the company 's troops , consisting of 10,000 men , being in the territory of the Nizam , was another argument equally futile , for it was to be remembered that they were in possession of a long tract on the south side of that territory . The question then came to the nature of the connection of the British govt . with the Mahrattas : this his lordship considered the most important consideration of the whole , and a question altogether of great difficulty ; with respect to the transaction , and such ideas as may arise from the natural doubts upon this subject . There were two questions upon 237 this head : first , what description of people were the Mahrattas , and what were the principles of policy by which the British councils were to be guided ? Looking to the general Character of the people , their customs , their wars , their dispositions , and habits , it was certainly much better to keep clear of them entirely . They were formerly composed of a great number of small states , which were frequently at variance with each other . If they had kept their old system of warfare ; if they had continued in their ancient manners , without taking in the aid of foreign councils . In all sound policy it would have been our best way to have kept clear of them ; but after the treaty of Bassein , a great number of French officers were introduced into their army . The policy of the Mahratta connection then stood upon new grounds . Scindia and Holkar were at variance , their armies became regular : suppose then one power got the better of the other , both then united and became organised under one head ; his lordship asked , would not this coalition be very formidable to the military power of Great Britain in India ? It was to this alteration in the military system , introduced and directed by French officers , that we were to look for changing the policy of the British councils , respecting a connection with the Mahrattas . The government of the Mysore consisted of a considerable military force , which was also aided and directed by French officers ; the object , therefore , of marquis Wellesley was to augment and strengthen the Peshwa ; and thus , by invigorating