same predicament as the noble lord who had just spoken , having also much to say to 729 their lordships if there was a seasonable opportunity for that purpose . submitted to the house the propriety of not proceeding further the present evening . wished to address the house also , but thought it too late . He appealed to noble lords opposite to him , whether there was not an understanding before the debate commenced that there was to be an adjournment ? explained the terms on which he had been willing to adjourn the discussion , but the house would now judge for itself , for he would not urge any thing further on the subject , the hour being so late , and so many noble lords desirous of delivering their sentiments on this most important occasion . then moved , `` that this house do now adjourn to Monday next ; '' which , after a few words in support of it , was agreed to.—Adjourned at four o'clock on Saturday morning . A petition of the mayor , aldermen , recorder , freemen , and inhabitants , of the borough of Saint Alban , in the county of Hertford , was presented to the house by Mr. Poyntz , and read ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners beg leave to congratulate the house , and express their heartfelt satisfaction , at the resolutions which passed on the 8th and 10th of April last , respecting the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and pray the house to pursue such measures as they may think just for effectually exposing , and bringing to punishment all public peculators and delinquents , and for securing in future the treasure of the nation from similar depredations : and although the petitioners most sincerely deplore the complicated difficulties of the present conjuncture , yet they confidently rely on the wisdom of parliament for relief. '' —Mr . F. Fane moved , that sir William Rawlins and Robert Albion Cox , Esq . should be brought to the bar for the purpose of being reprimanded and discharged . They Were accordingly put to the bar ; whereupon Mr. Speaker addressed them as follows : `` Sir William Rawlins and Robert Albion Cox ; your conduct having undergone the severe but just animadversion of this house , followed by a sentence of ignominious imprisonment , it is fit to be understood by 730 you , and by all men , what this house has considered to be the character of your offence , and upon what grounds you are this day to be liberated . The sum of your offence is this : that you , being the sheriff and returning officer , did , at an election for the county of Middlesex , for the purpose of giving a colourable majority to one candidate in prejudice of another , wilfully , knowingly , and corruptly admit fictitious votes upon the poll ; that your inconsistent and contradictory practices afforded the greatest encouragement to perjury ; and that you refused to examine the validity of votes by reference to the land-tax assessments , in defiance of the laws of your country.—Graver offences than these can not be laid to the charge of any men holding the high office with which you were then invested ; an office to which you were raised by the free choice of your fellow citizens in the metropolis of this empire , and of which office you betrayed the most important duties ; violating at once the freedom of elections , the privileges of this house , and the just constitution of parliaments.—Upon these charges , established by ample and conclusive evidence , you were committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate , the common receptacle of malefactors , there to remain prisoners , amongst those over whom you had been magistrates ; a signal proof of the power and the justice of this house , an indelible disgrace upon you , and a memorable example to others.—Nevertheless , it appearing now , by your petition , that your minds have