. The time is come in which I shall , as it is my duty , propose every practicable enquiry . With regard to that part of the subject which you have already investigated , no enquiry could have made it clearer ; but there are other matters contained in the report which are dark and mysterious . On them I must throw a light . It was my intention to have proposed a resolution with regard to the transfer of the public money from one service to another , in violation of the law , but I collected from gentlemen with whom I conversed , that those transfers might have been made without such evil intention as I attributed to them . To one transfer the right hon . gent . opposite me has acknowledged he was privy . The transfers might all of them have been honourable . I shall proceed , in conformity with the wish of the house ; but it may be necessary for me to mention , that it is my intention , after the holidays , to move for a select committee , to enquire into all the transactions referred to in the report ; for I am convinced , no subject of deeper moment can come under the consideration of the house . It appears by the report , that money voted for particular services has been applied to other services . What a precedent does this set up ? What a door does it open to fraud ? During the whole of the treasurership which preceded , and during the whole which succeeded lord Melville 's treasurership , no negotiation of this kind was ever found necessary . It was only during the administration of lord Melville that any such practices were ever carried on in the treasurership of the navy office , according to all the accounts we have of the manner business was transacted . In the course of these transactions a particular circumstance will come to the recollection of the house . What I allude to is , the papers recording them having been destroyed , papers which ought to have been carefully preserved . If such transactions as are stated in the report took place , they ought to have been secretly recorded , in order that , if innocent , the justification of those concerned might appear ; or , if guilty , that they might be condemned . There are other parts of the Tenth Report which it may be necessary to refer to a committee , 332 as well as other circumstances not included in the report . I adverted on a former evening to the conduct of the bank , and meant to have returned to it , but my recollection failed me . Upon the evidence of the chief cashier of the bank , it appeared the bank had not sufficient vouchers for the money issued . I have been given to understand , that the evidence was not correct , but that the bank were correct . If that is the case , let it be set right . Do not let the imputation remain on the bank , if it is an unjust one . In the course of what I offered to the house the other evening , I intimated , from conversation and rumour , which I stated to have been founded on accurate information , that the right hon . gent ( Mr. Pitt ) was not without blame , I do repeat that charge , and it remains for him to exculpate himself . If he can not do so now , I shall move for that part of the subject being referred to a committee . I do charge , that he was apprized of the irregular mode of taking the money out of the Bank of England , and placing it in a private , bank . The rumour is , that he was acquainted , from the most direct and authentic source , and that as prime minister and chief financial officer of the country he took no step to prevent it .