the same kind to fix it more deep in the memory of his bearers , and a suppression of all the most material explanation , which the author cautiously added to preclude the possibility of mistake ? What , let me also ask , of displeasure and indignation ought not to be felt against the learned gent . by those , who were betrayed by these unworthy tricks of debate , into acclamations , and cries of assent to the calumny of his misconstruction ; and how guarded ought they not to be in future , that they may not again suffer their judgments to be led astray on these subjects by garbled and partial extracts from any pamphlets of works whether . [ Mr. Pitt 984 here nodded a marked assent to the position . ] If I do not misinterpret some indications which I perceive , I flatter myself , sir , I have fully succeeded in satisfying the house that the learned gent . took an unfair advantage of their confidence in his character ; and that the passage , when considered with the context , means only , what no moralist can deny , that any obligation of a mere human nature , is not binding when contrary to the fixed and immutable laws of God.—The learned gentleman , sir , has also used the same measure of candour and impartiality in his quotations from the writings of other living characters , Dr . Troy and Mr. Plowden , whose assertions , in their respective productions concerning the unchangeable nature of their church , apply merely to her doctrine and not to her discipline . In fact , truth , which is the subject of doctrines , is ever immutable ; whereas rules for men 's conduct in certain situations , which are the subject of discipline , must vary with such situations and circumstances . But he was eager to get , and therefore he little regarded how he got , to his old and favourite topics , the fourth council of Lateran , and the council of Constance . For more than a century , the council of Lateran and the council of Constance have been the hackneyed burthen of the song to all the political and polemical disputants , who have argued with the same passion and prejudice on the same side with the learned member . At the mention of the council of Lateran and the council of Constance , we are expected , it seems , at once to surrender our reason , as to some magical panic . The eternal blazon of the council of Lateran and the council of Constance is to throw us into a paroxysm of poetical terror , `` To harrow up our souls ; freeze our warm blood ; Make our two eyes , like stars , stars , start from their spheres , Our knotty and combined locks to part , And each particular hair to stand on end Like quills upon the fretful porcupine ; '' It is to diffuse public and universal dismay ; `` And fright our isle from its propriety . '' Yet really , Sir , if we could but calmly look around us for one moment , we should discover that we may very quietly pursue our own course as we will , without fear of harm either from the council of Lateran or the council of Constance . With regard to the former it might be sufficient to remark , that it took place some centuries before the reformation ; and consequently , that its regulations , which were almost exclusively framed for the discipline of the church in those days can not afford any authority on a 985 question , respecting religious differences which had not any existence then , nor till so long a time after that period : two canons only out of seventy ( I believe that is the number ) contain any point of doctrine , or in other words , any thing which catholics consider as of a fixed and irreformable nature ; and in those two there is not a