expunge the motion for the production of the papers in question . said , it was his earnest wish that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Grey ) would give effect to his threat , and move to expunge the notice , if he thought it was wrong ; but surely he ought first to recollect what it was . It was for a copy of the evidence of the comptroller of the navy before the commissioners relative to the eleventh report . Now , when it was known that the eleventh report contained comments on the conduct of the person who had made the motion , was it ust that he should be shut out from mov- 460 ing for such papers as were necessary to his vindication ? He believed it would turn out that the document which had been moved for was one which the hon . bart . had had no opportunity to bring forward . The hon . baronet had intimated to the commissioners that their report would convey to the world an erroneous statement . They declined receiving his statement . If then the 11th report reflected on the conduct of the hon . baronet , was his statement in explanation to be rejected , because it might convey an imputation against a noble lord , whom some persons thought fit to consider above all enquiry ? He was not desirous of entering into a discussion of the motives by which gentlemen were actuated in their friendship for the noble lord . Whatever he had thought of the noble lord , or now thought of him , he was not disposed to consent that his name should be brought forward to prevent the production of a document necessary to the vindication of a member of the house . The motion was for papers materially affecting the character of the person who called for them . Similar papers had been produced by a vote of the house ; he was , therefore , at a loss to conceive why in this instance they should be objected to . said , the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Pitt ) had not advanced a word in vindication of the manner and time of the hon . baronet 's bringing forward his motion , but simply that to deny it would be inconsistent with the justice due to an individual ; and that , as the report reflected materially on the hon . baronet , he ought not to be precluded from moving for that which was necessary to his own defence . By no means . God forbid , that he should be denied any paper necessary to his justification . What he complained of was that the hon . baronet moved for documents comprising letters , without stating for what they were intended . Had he moved for specific documents , the propriety of granting them might have been canvassed ; but the hon . baronet had moved for a letter from himself to the admiralty , inclosing other documents , without any information which might enable those concerned to supply the deficiency of such papers , supposing they should be incomplete . He repeated that it was an unfair proceeding . In what situation would the public be , if any person could , by writing a letter to the admiralty , get the inclosures printed and laid before the house of com- 461 mons ? Such a practice might lead to the circulation of he knew not what trash . If the letter was a justification of the hon . baronet , let it be produced in a fair and honourable mode . Public rumour had induced him to believe it related to an attack on a noble lord ; if so , his friends ought to have an opportunity of supplying any defect in the papers it contained . A right hon . gent . had supposed that he ( Mr. Grey ) had intimated that the noble lord was above enquiry . He had never said so . He had said , that the noble lord was above attack ,