was then said the question was closed for ever . I dare say the gentlemen who stated that , thought the revival of the question would overturn the protestant government , and the established constitution of the country . They undoubtedly thought that the time for agitating the question was improper and dangerous , and therefore it was that they said the question was , and ought to be closed for ever . Was it closed for ever ? Did the 1052 event prove that it Was Closed for ever ? No . On the contrary , Within twelve Months after the question was said to have been closed for ever , it was resumed , and a majority of that house , which had closed the question for ever , did grant the catholics more in the year 1793 , than in the year 1792 the catholics had thought it necessary to ask ; and in so doing they did right ; for if you look back to the history of this reign , you will find , that , in almost every instance , what has been refused to the humble prayer of any class of subjects , who have considered themselves aggrieved , has been granted afterwards by the fears of government . When this country was engaged in a War with France , it was fear and imperious necessity which induced you to grant that , than which lesser claims were refused in 1792 . Let me not be accused of menace , when leave it to the consideration of this house , whether at different periods of the history of this reign , with reference to its . Various dependencies , government has not , by sad experience , found that the best time for granting indulgences , or , to speak more properly , natural rights , would have been when they were first asked for . If this is menace , then I think prudence must be altogether must be altogether banished from our consideration : there is no claim of right which may not be construed into menace . If We are compelled to satisfy the claim , and at the same time , are to be told that the claim is menace , I ask how we ought to have acted at the beginning of the American war ? How are we to warn you by the example of the past , unless it is by shewing you that , to avoid danger , you should make concessions in time ? I must further observe , with regard to the objections which the right hon . gent . took in point of time , that if his particular object was to conciliate those who were hostile to this measure , not with reference to time , bur principle , his objections , in my opinion , have not been very successful . I do not indeed conceive , that the right hon . gent . has urged the argument in our favour with any other than honourable views ; but after all the ingenious language we have heard ; after all the illiberal arguments which have been advanced , all the ignorance which has been uttered , all the aspersions which have been thrown out , and all the dangerous principles which have been recommended , and attempted to be maintained , for the purpose of rejecting this question for ever ; I say , that although I can not help lamenting we could not have the benefit of his vote , yet I rejoice that we 1053 have the advantage of his discountenancing what , he must feel , reflects as much honour on his principles four years ago , as disgrace now . His vote undoubtedly would have been of advantage to the country ; bur his speech is of much more advantage . It is not merely the vote of the right hon . gent . that would be important , but it is of consequence , that in England , Ireland , and every part of the British empire , it should be known , that the