hon . gent . he , how- 370 ever could not help having also a high respect for the authority and opinion of the commissioners of naval enquiry ; they said , and the hon . member said too , that Wilson was an improper person to continue in his present or in any other situation of public trust.—The hon . gent . said he could not , after what had fallen from hon . friends of his , and from other hon . gentlemen , whose support he was anxious to procure , refuse , in the mean time , to withdraw his motion . He was anxious , however , lest the public should suppose that in passing their former resolutions , they had only adopted in a heat what they were unwilling to follow up ; he , therefore , had to suggest what he hoped would meet the opinion of every gentleman present , that a copy of the resolutions of that house , of the former night , be laid before his majesty without any comment . By this means he conceived that the house and the public might be satisfied that lord Melville could not , with any consistency , be restored to any office of emolument for trust under the crown . This , he thought , was the best mode of conciliating different opinions—He then moved , `` that his original motion be withdrawn ; '' which being agreed to , the hon , gent . proposed , `` that the resolutions of Monday be entered , as read ; '' which was also agreed to . His next motion was , `` that these resolutions , be laid before his majesty . '' This motion was agreed to . nem.con again rose , and said , that he thought the most solemn mode of carrying such an important step into execution ought to be adopted on the present occasion ; on that account he should propose , `` that these resolutions be laid before his majesty by the whole house . '' said , that he understood the hon . gent . to have meant that the resolution should be laid before his majesty without any comment , and in the most simple form . replied , that it was his intention they should be presented without comment , but not without form . He quoted several precedents to prove the propriety of the mode of proceeding which he proposed , and observed , that even had no precedent existed , that course ought to be pursued which gave most weight and dignity to the transactions.—The motion was then agreed to , and it was ordered that such of the members as were of his majesty 's most hon . privy council should 371 wait on his majesty , to know when he would be graciously pleased to receive the same . said , that hon . gent . had already given a general notice of some motions he intended to make after the recess : he should wish to be informed , if possible , on what day he intended to bring them forward . said , that on the very first day after the conclusion of the holidays , he meant to move that instructions be given to the attorney-general to proceed legally against lord Melville and Mr. Trotter ; and also , that an enquiry should be instituted for the investigation of those parts of the 10th report which had not been already considered by the house . There was one circumstance which he only wished to notice , though he did not mean to be deemed too severe in so doing . He merely meant to suggest to that hon . and learned gent . ( the attorney-general ) that it might be proper to introduce a restraining bill , to prevent the noble lord making away with his property . He did not mean , however , by stating this , to take the house surprise . hinted , that it was not impossible his majesty might intimate his wish to receive the resolutions before the