bearing of this matter . He who runs might read in the present instance . It was only yesterday he had seen it , and he still retained the same opinion he then did , as to its mischievous tendency . It could not be viewed at all in the light of a fair discussion of a public question . If it did appear to the house in a contrary light , he was perfectly willing to forbear from all further proceedings . To him , however , it bore a very different aspect and character . It was no discussion , it was mere invective , absolute and unqualified abuse , tending to vilify the proceedings , degrade the character , and insult the authority of parliament . He lamented the necessity lie was under of performing such a duty , and he would willingly have overlooked it , had he not been convinced that it outstripped all bounds of moderation in the candid discussion of public affairs . If the hon . member who had endeavoured to justify such a manifest infringement of their privileges , should think proper to move that the order be discharged , he should not think it necessary to press his motion any further.—The question , which had originally been proposed by Mr. Grey , was then put from the chair `` That the printer of 'the Oracle ' be called to the bar of the house . '' again rose and con- 435 jured the house not to make this a matter of such consequence . He thought a bare reprimand would answer every fair purpose in view . suggested , that the original motion should first be disposed of , and then the house could more readily determine what course was to be followed . said , he was not inclined to press the matter further , if the house really appeared to agree with the arguments and proposition of the hon . gent . who had just sat down . He should wish to know , whether that hon . gent . who had just . sat down was disposed to do that , in regard to his own person , which he seemed inclined to do towards the house of commons . Did he ( Mr. Wright ) mean to say , that he would despise every thing that could be said against him ? Really , for his part , he could sec no reason why members ought to be more tender of their own characters , as individuals , than they should be of the character of the house of commons . The not being equally attentive the character of the house was saying to the public , `` You may say what you please , we do not mind it . '' If such was the rule , why not proclaim it ? Why not say to the writers of newspapers , you may write what you choose , there will be no injury done by your misrepresentations ? Was it to be said , that , because the house had passed over a great many instances of a similar nature , we ought on that account to pass over every one ? This would be false logic . The freedom of the press had been too long tolerated , not only to the injury of public , but private men—not only to the general degradation of the higher orders of society , but to the general corruption of the lower . The only question was , whether the instance now before the house was one which went to that excess as should lead them to interfere to maintain their own dignity . It was impossible , in his opinion , to conceive any thing more gross , injurious , calumnious , and licentious , and therefore he should be guilty of no great vindictive principle , if he should vote for punishing the offender in a certain degree , as a caution to others . —Although , sir , no person feels more highly than I do the respect that is due to this house