any other member of the Germanic Body , see it even hinted at with indifference ? Should we not expect to see them in arms to resist it , if attempted by force , or should we not equally detest and despise their cowardice , if they allowed it to pass with impunity ? Human nature was the same in all countries on some grand subjects of reasoning and feeling . If we should commend European Sovereigns resenting insolence and repelling oppression , should we not allow something to the feelings of a Mahratta Chief , indignant at seeing the capital of his empire in the hands of a foreign garrison ? —He called on gentlemen to think and feel , and then he thought there could be little doubt on the result of their inquiries . He was himself not satisfied that the war against Scindia was just or necessary . He found nothing in the papers on the table to support such an opinion . The hon . member touched on the mode in which our wars were conducted in India , allowing them even to be just or necessary . He strongly condemned putting British troops so much in the brunt of every engagement . If a town was to be scaled , if a pass was to be stormed , if any service of difficulty was to be performed , Europeans were always employed . This waste of men who were so invaluable , was altogether unaccountable . It should be recollected that Europeans were equally our protection against the hostility of the natives , the only security against the treachery of our Sepoys , whom the Mahratta chiefs might succeed in detaching from their allegiance . This last was a critical and interesting view of the subject , and was a most powerful inducement no longer to persist in extending our empire by useless and insecure conquests . If our army were scattered over an immense tract of country ; if they were to stretch to Agra , to Delhi and to Poonah , it was impossible to say to what disasters they might be exposed . He said , with great emphasis , we first had commerce commerce produced factories , factories 234 produced garrisons , garrisons produced armies , armies produced conquests , and conquests had brought us into our present situation . He hoped all that reason could allow him from the noble lord lately appointed to the government of India . Whatever could be effected by prudence , justice and moderation , would distinguish his administration . The hon . gent . after complimenting the talents of lord Wellesley , concluded with the following motion : That this house adheres to the principle established by its unanimous resolution of the 28th of May , 1782 , and recognised and adopted by the legislature in two several acts of parliament of the 24th and 33d year of his majesty 's reign—namely , `` that to pursue schemes of conquest and extension of dominion in India , are measures repugnant to the wish , the honour , and the policy of this nation . '' Upon the question being put from the chair . complimented the hon . gent . on the able speech which he had made , and observed , that there was no occasion for his making any apology for thus interfering with the affairs of India . The situation which he once held in the Indian govt . and the information on these points , which he must by these means have acquired , rendered him well qualified to discuss the affairs of India . But though the hon , gent . had certainly turned his attention a good deal to the finances of India , he had seldom or never called the attention of the house to the other points which he had now touched upon . The hon . gent . had made quotations from different parts of the papers , than which nothing could be more unfair , because they carried quite a different meaning when separated from the context . What might be the hon