last year . His lordship here stated the number of men who had been discharged from the different yards at various times by the late Board of Admiralty , some of whom were superannuated , and others dismissed for misconduct . He contended that there 20 were a smaller number of men employed in the king 's yards on the 1st March , 1805 , than on the 1st March , 1804 ; the number at the latter period being 9336 , whereas those employed at the commencement of the present month amounted only to 3213 , being 123 less than the establishment at the same period last year . His next motion would be for `` A List of his maj. 's ships which have been ordered to be repaired in the merchants ' yard since 1st June , 1804 . '' He would next move for `` A List of ships of war ordered to be built or contracted for from the above period , up to the present time , specifying the dates of such orders or contracts , and the rate at which such contracts have been made . '' If the workmen in the king 's yards were properly classed , there would be no occasion to build in the merchants ' yards . In the former he understood that at present a 74-gun ship could be built for 211. per ton ; whereas , if he was rightly informed , the contracts lately entered into with the merchant-builders amounted to the enormous sum of 361. per ton . Let the house and the country contrast the difference between those expences , and then they would be enabled to form an idea of the provident management of the persons by whom the naval administration of the country was at present conducted.—He would next move for `` An Account of the sums paid by the Navy Board , and to whom , for the Repair of the following Ships in the Merchants ' Yards , in the years expressed against their names , viz . Boston , Maidstone , 1783 ; Southampton , Niger , Lizard , Pearl , 1784 ; Carysfort , 1785 ; Lowestoffe , 1786 ; Boston , 1791 ; Retribution , L'Amiable , Tartar , Success , Ariadne , 1792 ; Magicienne , Dedalus , Andromache , Flora , Fury , Bull-dog , 1793 . The repairs of these 20 ships , he was informed , had cost 298,884l . when they might have been built in the royal yards for a sum not amounting to half that sum . His last motion would be for , `` An Account of the sums for which ships of the same size and force might have been built at the same period , according to the contract prices then paid to the merchant-builders . '' It was not his intention to say any thing at that time upon the comparative merits of the late and present naval administrations . He meant nothing personal to the noble lord at the head of that department ; his object was to institute an enquiry , the result of which he thought would be beneficial to the country , into one of the most important parts of its 21 expenditure . However , he could not avoid observing , that he thought the noble earl near him ( St. Vincent ) who was lately at the bead of that department , was particularly qualified , from his professional knowledge , to discover the abuses which were practised in it . When he was first placed at the head of that board , he set about enquiring into those abuses with an honest and ardent zeal , and having discovered that the most enormous abuses were committed in it , he set about , with a resolution as laudable , the correction and the future prevention of them . For that purpose he proposed the appointment of a commission which had already rendered the most important services to the country , and for the dissolution of which he could discover no one sufficient motive , unless the strange determination