of the two houses of parliament ; for such bills are not laws nor statutes , nor in any manner binding on prince or people , till they have been agreed to by the monarch , and received the royal assent , without which they become waste paper.—It is sincerely to be hoped , that there will be such harmony always subsisting between the king and both houses of parliament , that no bill will be ever offered to his majesty for his assent , which he shall deem it expedient to reject ; especially such bills , as he is bound by his coronation oath , and by the express conditions of the two unions consolidating the British empire , to reject . But I can not agree with the doctrine of some bold innovators on the British constitution , who have asserted , that the king is bound to assent every bill which has passed through the two houses of parliament . Such doctrine is , in my opinion ( to use the words of the author of the pamphlet ) , absurd in the extreme , unconstitutional , and perhaps even treasonable ; as it teaches , that the king in his legislative capacity is a mere cypher . If ( which God forbid ! ) the two houses of parliament should pass a bill containing clauses in direct contradiction to his majesty 's coronation oath , and in violation of the articles of the two incorporating unions of England and Scotland , and of Great Britain and Ireland , and tender such a bill to his majesty for the royal assent , who will assert that his majesty is bound to give that assent in violation of his coronation oath , and the public faith ? Such a crisis I have the firmest hope never happen ; if it should , I have no difficulty in asserting , that the king is bound by every principle of religion , and by every true principle of the constitution , to refuse his assent ; though by such assertion , I incur the guilt of treason in the opinion of the Annotator on Coke on Littleton ! I acknowledge no power , in either or both houses of parliament , of dispensing with the obligation of lawful , positive , solemn oaths . I will not admit , that any man , or body of men , on the face of the earth , is invested with such a power . King James II . was chased from his throne for attempting to dispense with the laws of the land ; 907 what punishment is too great for those who would attempt to dispense with the laws of God ? Leave such doctrine to romanists and the court of Rome ! it is not a protestant doctrine ! —It may not be improper to observe here , that in the purest æra of the constitution in the reign of William III . the royal assent to bills which had passed both houses of parliament has been more than once refused by the sovereign . In 1693 , that king refused his assent to a bill to render all members of the house of commons incapable of places of trust and profit : the commons , in their resolution on that occasion , state that the royal assent had been refused to several public bills , and by that king in particular . [ Harris 's Life of William III . page 398.—William refused his assent , in 1695 , to another bill for the further regulation of elections of members to serve in parliament , Ibid . p. 437.—See also Commons ' Journals . ] —The author of the pamphlet asserts , that the repeal of all the laws complained of by romanists would not interfere with the church establishment , or with any of its temporal rights and privileges . I trust it has been already proved , that though the present measure , if adopted , would not be immediately attended by the subversion of the present church establishment , yet the subversion of that ,