also to the chief of interfering with the authority of captains of ships , as the depreciation of the respect paid to them might lead to the alarming state of things in the navy which every one remembered with so much pain . He then pronounced the highest panegyric on the virtues , talents , and other excellent qualifications of lord Barham , the present first lord of the admirality . It was , he understood , the fashion of some gentlemen , to represent his great qualities as chilled by the influence of years ; but from the opportunities he had of judging , he must declare him to be , in his opinion , the man of all others , the best qualified for his situation . here called the hon . gent to order : thinking such high panegyrics on the new first lord of the admiralty , were by no means relevant to the present motion . thought himself perfectly in order , when it was considered that lord Barham was comptroller of the navy under two of the administrations to which these motions referred . thought , that after earl St. Vincent had been acquitted charges in the last session , when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) moved for papers to criminate him , it would , at least , have been decent to abstain from any harsh expression towards him , until the paper now moved for should be properly examined . The language used by the hon mover appeared to him much too strong to be lightly applied to so good and exalted a character ; and he thought the 737 panegyric on Lord Barham the more unnecessary in this debate , as not a single reflexion had been cast upon him . He made no doubt , but when the enquiry should be made , the noble earl would appear in as exalted a sphere of character as he had always done before ; and , until the trial , he conceived that great character entitled to every degree of approbation . was of opinion , that the enquiry , which ought rather now to extend itself to the dominion of the sea , ought not to be confined to limits of earl St. Vincent 's administration . Instead of party motions of this kind , it would more become the house to enquire into the disorders in the West Indies , and the circumstance of the dominion of the sea being now in the hands of the French , who dared not shew their faces on the ocean during the administration of the gallant earl St. Vincent . During that vigourous and active administration , the French could presume to shew themselves only in be defeated , and how shameful was now the reverse , when the British squadrons were obliged to fly before them . The hon . gentleman concluded with observing that the great object of our enquiry should at present be , by what means we might be able again to put ourselves into the same situation in which earl St. Vincent had left us ? said , he must absolutely and distinctly deny that the enemy were now in possession of the dominion of the sea , or were able to cope with our fleets in any part of the world . said , if the right . hon . gent , ( Mr. Pitt ) already objected to two of the motions while he was willing to grant the remainder , it must also follow , that he should have to object to many others which he should think it right to submit respecting the supply of foreign timber , which would be so necessary to the earl St. Vincent 's justification , though he should be sorry , on any other account , to propose the disclosure of any thing might be supposed embarrasing to government . When the same right hon . gent . last year moved for an account of the foreign timber imported , he objected to it as a disclosure which he thought at that time