precedents , that of guilt known and acknowledged but not censured , of a breach of the law ascertained but not punished . But have we not sustained a loss which no money can-repay ? Such is the opinion which I entertain of the consequences of the loss of honour , that I esteem it beyond any thing that can be set in balance against it . Would to God we could be restored to the state we were in before this happened ! If abuses such as have been brought to light by the commissioners of naval inquiry are tolerated or in any degree countenanced by this house , melancholy indeed will be the result . As to the `` clamour '' that has been mentioned , it is not the cry of popular faction , but it is the universal sentiment of persons of every rank , of the rich as well as the poor , of the middling class of the community , who understand the constitution perfectly well . Greatly as the people of England disliked the conduct of Charles the First in levying ship money , it was not 320 so much the measure itself which such general discontent as the circumstance of the judges having given their opinion favour of it . Lord Clarendon concludes his reflections on this transaction with remarkable words : `` and here , '' says ' he `` the damage and mischief can not be expressed , that the crown and state sustained by the deserved reproach and infamy that attended the judges , by being made use of in this , and like acts of power ; there being no possibility to preserve the dignity , reverence , and estimation of the laws themselves , but by the integrity and innocency of the judges . '' It is not only lord Melville , but we ourselves that are upon our trial , and a fearful trial it is . If we shrink from it we shall hereafter have reason to repent of our conduct . The house is now appealed to as the constitutional guardian of the rights of the people , and I should ill discharge my duty to the public , if I did not give my most cordial and sincere support to the present motion . observed , that , as a magistrate and a man , he felt himself most fully justified in declaring that if lord Melville had been entirely free from any criminality , he would have answered more fully and unequivocally than he had done . He therefore supported the original motion . rose to express the conviction he felt of the lord Melville . rose , amidst loud cries for the question . He said he would not detain the house a moment . No member for Scotland had yet delivered their sentiments on the question , and he only meant to state that there was at least one representative of that country who would vote for the original motion . The house then divided : — For Mr. Whitbread 's Motion 216 For the Previous Question 216 The numbers being thus equal the SPEAKER gave his casting vote in favour of Mr. Whitbread 's Motion , thereby making a Majority of ] The question was then put on each of the resolutions moved by Mr. Whitbread , and carried in the affirmative . When strangers were re-admitted to the gallery , the house was debating on the 11th resolution . It appeared that Mr. Pitt had moved to leave out the concluding words , viz . `` has been guilty of a gross violation of the law , and a high breach of duty , '' with the view of substituting these words— '' has acted contrary to the intentions of the said act . '' After a long conversation Mr. Pitt obtained leave to 321 withdraw this amendment , in order that he might have an opportunity of proposing another in a preceding part of the same resolution . He proposed to insert after the words . `` private interest or emolument , '' these words , ``