he deemed it unnecessary to go into a detail of all the branches of the taxes alluded to . The appropriation of the produce of the sinking fund in Ireland was to pay the expences of the loan , the ratio of its separate expences , and paying the usual sum towards the sinking fund . If then there were arrears of money , there were also arrears of charges , and it was necessary to leave balances in the hands of the collectors to prepare for any contingency , and not be unprepared for any thing that may happen in case of any attempt on the part of the enemy . In fact , if these funds were taken away , there would be a necessity for other supplies to defray the coming charges , and if any part remained undisposed of , it would come in aid of the sup- 35 plies of the ensuing year . He owned , indeed , that the balances remaining with the collectors were very great , in spite of all the exertions he had made to prevent it ; but such had been long the practice in Ireland , and old habits could not speedily be got rid of . In respect to the duty on timber , he was glad the objections were stated , as this tax was mostly confined to deal board and staves ; and all timber used in the butter and provision trade were totally exempted . The new duty , which was no more than 4s . 6d . on 72 cubic feet of timber of the value of 6l . would be scarcely felt by any one , for when , in consequence of the war , the price of the same quantity of timber rose from 3l . to 6l . the buildings continued without any diminution . In regard to the horse tax , also , gentlemen would find the exemptions were extended to all horses which carried or brought home a load ; to all those used by clergymen , physicians , & c. ; to those on which farmers rode to places of worship , to markets , or to the quarter sessions . He admitted that the conveyance of the mails was very insecure , and would remain so , unless , for the convenience of the public , and the safety of letters , the Post-office was enabled to employ other messengers than boys , who loitered on the way , and were exposed to robberies . To shew what uncertain couriers these were , he mentioned an instance of a gentleman who met one of these post-boys playing on the road , and the bag of letters lying by him . When the gentleman asked him how he could be so careless and dilatory ? the boy replied , `` Oh , please your honour , that is not the mail , it is only an express. `` In proportion to the frequency of robberies , he said , in the same proportion must be the number of prosecutions , which rendered the expence of the collection something more than 100l . per cent.—The first resolution was then read and agreed to . On reading the second resolution , for the 6 per cent . duties , rose , and said , he had presented a petition against these duties , from the inhabitants of Belfast , and he begged the patience of the house till he stated a few observations in support of the petition of his constituents . They had not , he said , desired him to present it , from any wish to exempt themselves from the payments of taxes in general , but from a wish to have taxes imposed in such a manner , as to bear equally on all descriptions of persons . This tax was not so constituted , but bore entirely , 36 and With peculiar hardship , on the retail importer , while the wholesale importer was altogether exempt from it . It therefore affected greatly the commercial industry of the country , and , as such