and have insisted , that all gentlemen who condescended to honour him ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) with their private , friendship , should also be excluded . Such were the extraordinary propositions by which these wild notions of personal delicacy and private honour must be maintained , that his ( Mr. Pitt 's ) colleagues in office , as well as those with whom he was connected by the ties of affection , were to be deprived of their parliamentary privileges . On the other grounds of objection , after what had been so ably stated by his right hon . and learned friend , it was not necessary for him to detain the house . This was not an election committee , where it was required that the members should be present during every moment of the proceedings ; and if he were not resisting the motion of the hon . gentleman , he should now have been proposing a quorum for the committee , to render such constant attendance wholly unnecessary . Would gentlemen then say , that because some members , from their other important duties , could not devote the whole of their time to such an enquiry , that they were never to be nominated upon committees , and were to be excluded from so essential ? a branch of their parliamentary functions ? What would be the consequence ? Those persons who were best acquainted with the business of finance would be precluded from sitting on committees in that important department ; those best versed in legal subjects would be prevented from giving the assistance of their learning in juridical investigations ; those who were most informed on the great political interests of states , would be incapacitated from affording their light on that important branch of enquiry ; and thus the country would be deprived of the benefit of that mass of talent , the application of which would be most conducive to its glory and happiness . Then it was said the house was to look to what the public expected of it : the house certainly was to attend to what the public ought to expect ; and that would be best indicated by a calm , firm , and resolute discharge of its duty . But a party cry , which assumed to itself the voice of the people , was not to be mistaken for the popular sentiment , in order to annihilate 521 the acknowledged privileges of member of the legislature . These were examinations proceeding on the general principles of justice ; every honourable man was therefore a fit member of such committees ; the joint talent of the house , when collected , would most effectually conduce to the elucidation of truth . Was the introduction of one party only the best way to procure a fair , and the exclusion of the contrary side the most probable means of obtaining a wise , decision ? Undue influence ought not to be employed ; but to say that to suggest a list to the inspection of a member , was the use of undue influence , seemed an assertion not at all correct , because it could by no means be discovered if the party had or had not voted according to that intimation . The matter on the whole appeared to him so plain , that he felt it difficult to vindicate himself for speaking so long ; but his leading desire was to rescue the house and its proceedings from the imputation which had been justly directed against both . said , there was a warmth intruded into the discussion , which did not belong to it . The real question was , which side of the house most conduced to support the character of the house , and to fulfil the just expectations of the public ? In some degree the right hon . gent . seemed to have a correct notion of the subject , but in order to justify himself , he presumed to call the opinion of the nation a party cry . Were the resolutions of