; if they are resolved that malignant remarks , whenever they appear derogatory to the dignity of this house , shall meet with marks of our indignation , I am satisfied . All that I ask is , that we shall not select one instance for punishment , while we allow many others to pass with impunity . I certainly do not oppose the motion . —The right hon . gent . has allowed that the passage which I have thought it my duty to bring before the house , is both libellous and indecent , and he has no objection to the Motion which 383 I have proposed . He says , however , that he wishes this not to be a particular instance selected for party motives , but a part of a general system of inquiry . To this I can have no sort of objection , for I have selected this case merely because it struck me as one which it was the imperious duty of this House to take under their special cognizance . The present instance was one which appeared to me right and proper to be selected , and on that account only have I brought it under the consideration of the house.—The right hon . gent . has alluded to cases of libels on this house which were overlooked . If he did know of such cases it was his duty to have specified them , and if they did not meet with adequate punishment , he has no one to blame but himself . Those who did see such libels and who did not specify them in this house , were certainly deficient in respect to that dignity in all its proceedings , without which the honour and the importance of this house could not be maintained . If any man has seen and felt that our proceedings have been calumniated , and has not moved for the punishment of the libeller , he has not done his duty . We must see that our decisions are treated with proper respect , or else our character is destroyed . It is therefore on a principle of regard for our public utility that I think the present motion necessary , and I trust the house will act on the same principles . —I certainly do agree with the right hon . gent . opposite , that in a business of this nature , the strictest impartiality is our duty . I differ with him , however , as to the particular period when my hon . friend near me has brought forward his motion . When we talk of the propriety of such motions , I hope we shall not lose sight of the particular circumstances and the particular time under which they are produced . It is the duty of this house at all times to be jealous of its honour , but this is a period when this jealousy ought to be the most active . A late decision of this house has diffused universal gratitude throughout the country , and it is our duty to see that this decision shall not be wantonly attacked and insulted . It is the more necessary , sir , for us to see that our resolution is properly respected , when we find men in high official situations endeavouring to act as the protectors of those condemned of the grossest malversations . When we see evident signs of reluctance to 384 have delinquents brought to punishment , is it not our province to teach those who libel our proceedings , that they shall not do so with impunity ? We have voted certain resolutions on which his majesty 's servants have not hitherto thought it their duty to take the least proceedings.—The right hon . gent . opposite , the treasurer of the navy , even continues in office , a man whom the commissioners of naval enquiry have declared unworthy of acting in any pecuniary situation , since , he refused to answer questions essentially connected with the object of their investigations . If ever then , sir , it was fit