that he should derive from our fears what our prudence and inclination Would not grant him . I feel an anxiety for his honour as well as his interest ; and I trust , that whatever he may receive on a future day from this house , shall be the result of cool , mature , and impartial deliberation , and be given to him in a manner consonant to that dignified weight which I wish every class of my countrymen to maintain in the scale of public opinion— Should the day come when every , civil distinction shall be removed , I Wish the boon unaccompanied by reluctance and distrust ; I wish it to be when the , Irish catholic is relieved from the odium and suspicion derived from his foreign connexions and influences , and when the directing head of his church shall not be the instrument and slave of that sanguinary despot , who is the implacable foe of the constitution and liberties of this empire . But , sir , is the house prepared to entertain this petition without going farther ? What is to become of the English catholic and English dissenter ? Sir , I should he ashamed , to look the latter or either in the face , if I committed such flagrant injustice as to exclude them alone from the privileges now required of us Without intending any invidious comparison , I know that his majesty does not possess a more loyal , sincerely attached , and valuable subject than the Irish dissenter ; and the English dissenter may well be supposed not less meritorious . If there are tests to which those professing certain creeds can not subscribe , are they alone to be bound by the influence of conscience , and its dominion denied where it should most prevail , and where it is the bond of 1034 our liberties and our laws ? No , sir ; and until some reconciling mean can be adopted , let us remain as we are , and all unite in maintaining against the . comon enemy that constitution so superior to all others , and which is the sole refuge of civil liberty in this quarter of the world.—I ask pardon for having occupied the time of the house so long ; but having the honour to represent the capital of that country , whose interests are so vitally involved in the present discussion , I felt it imperative upon me to lay before the house my reasons for voting against the present motion . — I rise , sir , merely to give an explanation on one point , in which I am sure the liberality of the house will go with me ; it is too on a point in which I think the hon . gent . who opened the debate will not be disinclined to be set right In the course of yesterday 's debate one of his arguments was , the hope that was held out at the time of the union , that catholic emancipation was likely to follow that great measure , and he was pleased to quote a speech from a noble friend of mine ( lord Sidmouth ) in which he quoted part of a letter written from an hon . and learned gent . ( Dr. Duigenan ) to an hon . gent . ( Mr.Grattan ) now a member of this house . The hon . and learned gent . did explain that passage perfectly correct . Now , sir , I will only add one word more . If the hon . gent . had gone further he would have found that what my noble relation did say , was this `` that if he was put to the necessity of chusing between the total emancipation of the catholics , or the re-enactment of the penal laws , in such an alternative he would prefer the latter as the lesser evil . He hoped , however , that the legislative union would remove the necessity of such an alternative . '' I trust I shall be pardoned for making