more than the excess of the preceding quarters . Without going into minutiœ , I state the revenue to have gained by an acquisition of 552,000l . I know that the duties on the distilleries are not collected as they ought to be . I am well warranted . in saving , that if a proper mode of collecting them had been resorted to , they would have amounted to considerably more than they have done . I am persuaded , that , with the addition of the duties on the distilleries , collected as they ought to be , the revenues of Ireland , in time of peace , will not produce less than 4½ millions ; stating the interest of the debt at 2½ millions , there will be 2 millions over . Now 2 millions can not be expended in a peace establishment , unless 15 millions are expended in England . In talking of the collection of the revenues , I believe many gentlemen who hear me can bear testimony , that there is not a city or county in Ireland where the duties on distilleries are perfectly collected ; they are not collected in the counties of Galway ; Tyrone , or the province of Connaught . As to the city Of Dublin , I do not wish to de- 9 tail what I know concerning the collection of the revenue in it ; but say thus much , that there is scarcely a distiller in Dublin who has not openly and honestly avowed to me that he has defrauded the revenue . It is owing . to the wretched system with regard to the lower officers of excise ; their means are so small , and their habits of expence are so great , that without raising their salaries considerably , as the reward of diligence and merit , we shall never be able to prevent the distiller from acts of fraud and peculation . There are 17 or 18 distillers that not long ago , on being examined , refused to be examined on oath , and actually sent in a memorial , stating that it would be an act of perfidy in them to disclose facts that would be injurious to others , and that they could not , as honest men , make any discovery . This they fairly acknowledged to me , and I recollect , that in the books of one distiller in particular , there was a charge of 1200l . paid to revenue officers . Without the utmost exertions of the commissioners of excise , and at the same time bettering the condition of the revenue officers , you can never make any alteration . I hope the period will not be long when you will ameliorate the excise laws , and make them more fair and equitable with regard to those who pay the duties . It is a fact , that the sub-commissioners of excise are themselves the seizing officers ; therefore , until that is remedied , it is impossible that the excise trial can be palatable . The nearer we can get to the civil mode of trial in proceedings relative to revenue the better . It is particularly important that the collection of the excise duties : should be under one board . I hope , on some future occasion , to call the attention of the house to this subject . The object is to find the Ways and Means for this sum of 255,225l . a year . First , I shall propose a tax on several articles , which , though of importance , yet , with the exception of one , are trifling as objects on which taxation will be felt . It is scarce worth while going through the whole detail . I propose , to increase the duties on the importation of timber , raisins , pepper , & c.—The hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) who represents the city of Waterford , seems alarmed at the idea of a tax on timber ; but if he thinks that the revenue must necessarily be