but to you , who come in the place of their posterity , not to depend on a sect of religion , nor trust the final issue , of your fortunes to any thing less than the : whole of your people.—The parliament of Ireland—of that assembly I have a parental recollection . I sat by her cradle , I followed her hearse.—In fourteen years she acquired for Ireland what you did not acquire for England in a century—freedom of trade , independency of the legislature , independency of the judges , restoration of the final judicature , repeal of a perpetual mutiny bill , habeas corpus act , nullum tempos act . A great work ! you will exceed it , and I shall rejoice . I call my countrymen to witness if , in that business , I compromised the claims of my country , or temporised with the power of England . But there was one thing which baffled the effort of the patriot , and defeated the wisdom of the senate ; it was the folly of the theologian . When the parliament of Ireland rejected the catholic petition , and assented to the calumnies then uttered against the catholic body , on that day she voted the union . If you should adopt a similar conduct , on that day you will vote the separation . Many good and pious reasons you may give , many good and pious reasons she gave , and she lies there with her many good and her pious reasons . That the parliament of Ireland should have entertained prejudices , I am not astonished ; but that you—that you who have as individuals and as conquerors visited a great part of the globe , and have seen men in all their modifications , and Providence in all her ways—that you , now at this time of the day , should throw dykes against the pope 938 and barriers against the catholic , instead uniting with that catholic to throw up barriers against that French—this surprises ; and , in addition to this , that you should have set up the pope in Italy to , tremble at him in Ireland ; and further , that you should have professed to have placed yourself at the head of a christian not a protestant league , to defend the civil and religious liberty of Europe , and should deprive of civil liberty one fifth of yourselves , on account of , their religion—this surprises me ; and also , that you should prefer to buy allies by subsidies rather than fellow subjects by privileges ; and that you should now stand , drawn out as it were in battalion , 16,000,000 against 36,000,000 , and should at the same time paralize a fifth of your own numbers , by excluding them from some of the principal benefits of your constitution , at the very time you say all your numbers are inadequate , unless inspired by those very privileges . As I recommended to you to give the privileges , so I should recommend the catholics to wait cheerfully and dutifully . The temper with which they bear the privation of power and privilege is evidence of their qualification . They will recollect the strength of their case , which sets them above impatience ; they will recollect the growth of their case , from the time it was first agitated to the present moment , and in that growth perceive the perishable nature of the objections , and the immortal quality of the principle they contend for ; they will further recollect what they have gotten already , rights of religion , rights of property , and , above all , the elective franchise , which is in itself the seminal principle of every thing else . With vessel so laden they will be too wise to leave the harbour , and trust the fallacy of any wind . Nothing can prevent the ultimate success of the catholics but intemperance ; for this they will be too wise . The charges uttered against them they will answer by their allegiance