wished to suggest it to him.— After a few words from Mr. Calvert , 224 who thought the exemption should be secured to charities under 601. ; and Mr. Bastard , Who thought the farmer should pay only for his actual profits , and not for his estimated profits according to the calculation of the commissioners on the rent , leave was given to bring in a bill to repeal certain provisions of the act , and to consolidate and render it more effectual . said it was his wish that the bill should be read a first and second time , and then printed , to be considered during the holidays . The new regulation would be incorporated with those of the former ones that were suffered to remain , so that there would be but one bill on the subject . The chairman reported , and the resolution was agreed to by the house . moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee on the act of 24th of his present majesty , for the prevention , of smuggling . He stated , that the practice of smuggling had increased to an alarming extent , and he had thought it his duty to submit to the house a bill to remedy so dangerous an evil . The material object he had in view was , to make articles of high duty in packages of certain sizes liable to seizure , if found on board any ship in the narrow seas . The distance within which they should be prohibited should not be less than 100 leagues from the English coast . We had clearly a right to make any provisions we pleased with regard to the navigation of our own seas by our own subjects , whatever exceptions might be necessary as to neutrals . Another object of the bill referred to the hovering distance with respect to Guernsey and the other Islands in the Channel . It was notorious that smuggling from thence had been carried on to an enormous extent . The measure he meant to propose , in order to obviate it in future , Was to prohibit packages below a certain size from being on board ships hovering off those places . Another plan was , that where ships came in with smuggled articles , the persons on board should be liable to sonic penalty , unless they were transferred with their own consent to the navy . He also wished to have it made as penal to resist naval officers , as it at present was to resist excise officers . Another object of the bill was to prevent spirits being sold below proof at , the diffe- 225 rent ports where smuggled articles were usually disposed of . With this view he should empower the Lords of the Treasury to direct smuggled goods not to be sold at the ports , but to be consigned to their order , and disposed of under their control . He concluded by moving , `` that the Chairman should be directed to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the practice of smuggling . `` —The report was received , and leave was given to bring in the bill . rose , and in a masterly and luminous speech took an extensive view of our affairs in India . It would not , he set out by observing , be denied , that the state of our immense dominion in the East , was a subject of the highest importance that could be submitted to the consideration of parliament . In proportion , however , as this empire was extended , it seemed to excite less of the attention either of the house or the public . It seemed as if its very greatness bad rendered it superior to the capacity of the house fully to understand or beneficially to regulate . If this really was the case , it was only an additional proof of the impolicy of that all-grasping system which had too long guided our councils in India , only an additional confirmation that such a