previous to the Act of W. III . Also to enquire into proceedings adopted on the ground of petitions , alledging charges of high crime and misdemeanour ; and also whether charges preferred against any person proceeding from individual assertion , can be , under the operation of the statute of H. IV . regularly or legally entertained or acted upon in that house ? In considering the general subject , their lordships would have to consider what change has really been made in the situation of the judges , by the acts applying to them ; and , with respect to the particular case before them , whether , with reference to the acts he alluded to , such a charge could , regularly and properly , be made in that house ? In arguing against the correctness and propriety of the proceedings which had hitherto taken place , his lordship made frequent references to the provisions of the Act of H. IV . and adverted to several cases which had obtained , of charges being made , and of the line of proceeding adopted upon them , which , he contended , bore him out in saying , that such proceedings could not , properly , originate in that house . Referring to the acts respecting the judges , he contended generally , that to act upon principles contrary to what he had laid down , would be to place the judges in a different situation from that of any of their fellow subjects ; the benefit of a full and free administration of justice ; benefits which the application of the provision quam diu se bene gesserint did not exclude them . His lordship argued with great ability against the propriety and correctness of the proceedings hitherto adopted , in the particular instance before them ; and , that cases of the kind could not regularly originate in that house . He referred to some prominent considerations in the particular case , some of the charges being of a very weighty and serious nature , and which were made on information given by a third person . Besides the great considerations of public and private justice in the case before them , his object in coming forward was to afford the house a regular ground , and the necessary information , previous to their deciding upon a case , in every point of view , of such great importance . He concluded by moving his first proposition , viz . `` for the appointment of a committee for the purposes above stated . '' replied to the argu- 42 ments adduced by the noble lord , expressing his decided opinion , that , having gone so far , it was a duty they owed to the public , and to the learned judge against whom charges were made , to bring the investigation to a conclusion with as little delay as possible ; he therefore upon this ground objected to the noble lord 's motives , as tending to create unnecessary delay . He could not see what possible benefit could arise from a search after precedents of proceedings previous to the act of W. III . as they could not apply to the case which was under the consideration of the house . As to any precedents since , there were none , for to the honour of the judges , not a single instance had occurred since the passing of that act , where it was necessary to recur to an address of both houses of parliament to remove a judge . He would ask how they could have proceeded otherwise than they had in the case of the learned judge alluded to ? It was his opinion , that supposing the charges to be true ( with respect , however , to their truth or falsehood , he wished it to be distinctly understood that he gave no opinion whatever ) a scicri facias would not have touched them , or affected the patent of the judge , as what he was charged with having done was not done in the execution of his