opinion , that when men in high offices in the state , acted as the protectors of those against whom strong accusations existed , it became a matter of necessity that every attack on the character of the house , should be carefully looked to and signally punished . As he was up , he could not help remarking , that there was a very great distinction betwixt the right of a person to refuse answering certain questions before parliamentary commissioners , and the propriety of continuing those persons in office after such a refusal had taken place . It was surely a strong proof that all was not right when an individual was afraid of the consequences arising from a plain question , and yet it was to such a plain question that Wilson refused to give a direct answer . rose , not , as he declared , to trouble the house with many observations . There were , however , a few remarks which he thought it his duty to throw out , in consequence of what had fallen from the gentlemen on the other side of the house . He confessed he was not surprised that the hon . mover thought this the most favourable moment for bringing forward the libel in question to the attention of the house . The opportunity was favourable , when the hon . gent . found himself in a majority on a great question , but he hoped , as his right hon . friend near him had said , that when such motions were brought forward they would be conducted with impartiality . Though he certainly did not mean directly to oppose the motion , he did not wish the house to be taken by surprise , and therefore he suggested to the hon . gent . that he should only in the mean time give it in the form of a notice , that thus all the members might have an opportunity of fully considering the nature of the passage in question . He thought it would be more consistent with the dignity of the proceedings of the horse to act with this degree of temper ward moderation . It was of importance to ascertain whether the libel was of that magnitude and importance as to 388 make it a fair subject of prosecution , and if it really was of that magnitude it was surely expedient that any proceedings consequent on it should not be carried by acclamation . As the affair now stood , to agree immediately to the hon . gent . 's motion , would carry with it an air of precipitation which he wished to mark no part of the proceedings of the house . These observations he applied to the motion immediately before the house , but it was necessary for him to advert to other topics , which had been introduced into the debate . He thought his right hon . friend , the treasurer of the navy , had been very unjustly attacked for retaining Wilson in his situation . Doubtless , Wilson was legally guilty ; but he was morally innocent , and therefore in refusing to discharge Wilson , his right hon . friend drew the proper distinction . Wilson refused to answer certain questions , but in this no criminality was established . He acted under an express clause of an act of parliament , and he was besides protected by that general benevolent provision of our common law , that no man is bound to give evidence against himself , and that no judge has a right to enforce questions from winch punishment of a very severe nature may arise . The house would recollect the circumstances under which this clause was introduced . He had himself thought it unnecessary on the precise principle which he had now stated , that the humane spirit of our laws rendered it superfluous . Being introduced , however , it was surely no matter of guilt that it was acted on , and yet for the very act of Wilson , in availing himself of it ; gentlemen blamed