untiring those two bodies into one trust , I have also proved , that there is throughout your empire , no outpost so vulnerable as Ireland . It is an old citadel , whose superstructure you yourselves have demolished ; but as for shelter , at present it affords you none ! My lords , I have no more to say , I am ashamed at this late hour to have trespassed so long upon your time . I do entertain a belief , 843 that the force of reason , like the rays of the sun , breaking in upon us , and that the day is not far distant , when she will triumph over all prejudices , and will produce a decision favourable to the cause of your petitioners . I am persuaded , that the agitation of this question will be of service , that an impression will be made on the minds of the catholics that there is a growing desire to examine their case , and that whatever degree of prejudice may still prevail amongst us , there is nevertheless , so much liberality , that the catholics will retire from your bar confident of ultimate success . rose to say a few words by way of explanation . It was his idea , as well as his wish , that all remaining restrictions on the relgion of the catholics of Ireland , if any did remain , should be removed . He would also allow them a full community of civil rights with the rest of his-majesty 's subjects ; but never would he agree to put into their bands powers sufficient to subvert the constitution . The house then divided , when the numbers were , For the motion . Contents 37 Proxies 12 49 Against the motion . Contents 133 Proxies 45 178 Majority against the motion 129 At six o'clock on Tuesday morning the house adjourned . —A petition of several persons interested in British ships and vessels frequenting and trading to the port of London , was presented to the house , and read ; taking notice of the bill to repeal two acts , passed in the 6th and 32d years of his late majesty , for the regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames , and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto ; and setting forth , that the same contains several clauses and provisions which , if passed into a law , would be very injurious to the petitioners ; and therefore praying , that they may be heard , by counsel , against so much of the said bill as affects them , and that the same may not pass into a law as it now stands . Ordered , that the said petition be referred to the consideration of the committee to whom the said bill is committed ; and 844 that the petitioners be heard , by their counsel , before the said committee , upon their petition , if they think fit . Ordered , that it be an instruction to the said committee , that they do admit counsel to be heard , at the same time , in favour of the said bill against the said petition.—On the motion of Mr. Rose , the house , in a committee , went through the bill for regulating the office of paymaster of the forces . The report was brought up and ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday.—Mr . Western proposed that all gentlemen upon the corn committee should have votes , which was agreed to.—Admiral Markham gave notice , that on Wednesday he should move for the naval papers , of which he had given a previous intimation , —Ordered , that the order of the day , for the house to resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to consider of the report which was made from the committee to whom the petition of the master , wardens , freemen and commonalty , of the mystery of vintners of the city of London , under their common seal , was referred ,