line of policy be followed as was calculated to keep alive doubt and suspicion , and forbid the possibility of confidence in our views among the native powers . Every pretence seemed to be sought for to declare war in India , and it appeared impossible to calculate when this propensity to war would cease . As soon as we had destroyed Tippoo , it was then stated to be very desirable to forma close connection with those Mahratta powers , which were previously pronounced our friends . This connexion we had soon formed with them , and we gave them something like what the French used to term the `` fraternal hug . '' We embraced the Mahrattas , just as the French embraced Holland . We , in fact , seemed in India , to be like Macbeth , `` so steeped in blood '' that we thought it vain to go back . Sed revocare gradum , hic labor , hoc opus est . After destroying Tippoo , who formed a barrier between us and our friends the Mahrattas , we then proceeded to destroy our friends themselves . But , it is said , that you waged war against the Mahrattas , merely from a fear of the French ; and a similar plea may be alleged with equal justice , against any state in India , until , in the work of destruction , the English force may make its way to the wall of China , or farther if they could . War was declared against the Mahrattas , because they were the only power remaining in India . So that in other words , our govt . appeared to argue , that we could not be safe until all India was our own . His opinion , the hon . member declared to be decidedly different . The best way in his view to secure our interest and possessions , was to prohibit their extension . As to the allusion made to the character of lord Wellesley , he could not admit that the motion was meant to reflect on that noble lord , upon whose conduct he was not now prepared to pronounce any opinion . If the administration of that noble lord was meant to be inquired into , when he should return home would cer- 252 tainly be the proper time to institute such inquiry . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Princep ) was of opinion that the adoption of this motion would operate to fetter lord Cornwallis . But he believed , on the contrary , that it would serve to fortify the views and intentions of that noble lord . It would shew him that the policy he held was sanctioned by the voice of parliament . He remembered it having been said with respect to his India bill , that the objection was not so much to the measure as to the man ; but on this occasion he should say , with .respect to the motion and lord Cornwallis , that this measure was the man . The hon . gent . on the other side entertained opinions directly the reverse of those professed by the three respectable directors of the India company , whom the house had heard declare an unqualified adherence to the resolution of 1782 . The right hon . gent . had advanced some statements which shewed that he contemplated schemes of ambition far more wild and mad than the governor of India was ever suspected of . For the right hon . gent . 's ideas would go to this , that we should possess ourselves of all India ; and if possessed of that vast empire , he contended that it would be an intolerable drain upon our military resource to preserve it , while its preservation would not be so conducive to our benefit , as India governed upon the principle laid down in the motion would be . But the main pretence rested upon by the advocates for further conquests seems to be this , that they are necessary for our safety . Now this was