the present time , no board of admiralty ever existed in this country , with the exception of the last , which in times of difficulty had not recourse to building in 155 the private yards . Was it for him , with the short experience he had , to deviate from a practice which had been invariably followed in the proudest period of our naval annals ? The papers which he had laid on the table in his own defence , would decidedly establish that practice which the noble lord had condemned . One of the reforms which had been suggested , respected the shoaling or classing of the workmen , and great advantagess were ascribed to this new discovery . Possibly it might be attended with all those benefits ; but he could not coincide in the inferences which had been drawn from it , to the disrepute of the contrary practice . Parts of the works of a ship requiring different degrees of strength , the strong man was not retarded in his operations by the weaker man , who was working , perhaps , on a different part of the ship . This new invention was not practised at the best periods of our navy ; it was a discovery not more than 15 months old , suggested by the master builder at Plymouth , and respecting which a difference of opinion obtained among the master builders in the other yards . Whether it could be adopted with advantage , would soon be decided ; the subject was at present under consideration , and would most probably be determined before the papers moved for by the noble lord could even , with the greatest expedition , be laid upon the table . The question would be practically considered , and would be , within a short time , either adopted or rejected ; or as truth was said to lay in the middle , perhaps some mode might be struck out between the ancient practice and the new discovery . He could assure the house that the subject was under deep consideration , and he intreated their lordships not to interrupt him while he was endeavouring to probe it to the bottom . He could perceive the drift of the noble lord 's motions ; they all tended to prove , that building in the merchants ' yards was at all times more expensive than in the King 's yards ; and that with proper arrangement in the latter , ships may be built at a less comparative expense than they actually are . To decide those two important points , much of the information which the noble lord required , would be found in the papers before the house . As to those Which the noble lord moved for , he was persuaded they could not be produced in sufficient time for the proposed discussion of the question . Not- 156 withstanding he had repeatedly pressed the navy board to expedition , it was only within one hour after he had entered that house , that he received the papers which he moved for some days ago , and which he had the honour of presenting to their lordships . There was one of the motions which it would be impossible to comply with , within any reasonable time , that for the production of copies of certain letters , of which there were at least 300 . He did not assert this from his own authority , he had applied to the proper officer , and he had that morning received a letter from the secretary of the navy board , stating , that the papers for which the noble lord intended to move , could not be produced , without a ruinous interruption of the business of the office , in less than 3 months . Under these circumstances , he trusted the noble lord would not persevere in pressing his motion . It may be said , why not employ supernumerary clerks ? He would tell the noble lord , supernumerary clerks would not do . To prepare papers of such importance