whole of the case , and pressed the necessity of a select committee ; but the commissioners of naval inquiry had been occupied for 6 months in no other business than that of investigating the matters of the tenth report . What utility could it then be of , to go into a new com- 295 mittee ? he wished to see what reason could be urged for it . The right hon . gent . Appeared anxious to know the extent of the deficiencies , not for the purposes of criminating , but for the purposes of refunding , as appeared from his enumeration of the several sums paid and received . The money was not kept in the bank ; no , says the right hon . gent. , it was lodged at Messrs. Coutts , to save trouble : a clerk of the navy office takes a cheque for a large amount , receives the value at the bank of England , passes Somerset-house , and carries it down to Messrs. Coutts . This was the convenience . He did not want any further illustration of the fallacy of the pretence.—One point more he begged leave to advert to . While he had the honour of holding the office of treasurer of the navy , no inconvenience whatever arose from a strict adherence to the act of parliament , which was one of the most salutary and useful ever framed , nor could he see how it was possible Mr. Trotter could see any thing in the act which could leave the least doubt upon his mind of the true spirit and meaning of it.—With respect to the participation of the emoluments by lord Melville , with Mr. Trotter , there did not remain a doubt upon his mind on that part of the case . Was it possible for lord Melville to go on as he did , for 12 years , merely for the advantage of Mr. Trotter ? He could not be blind to the rising prosperity of Mr. Trotter ; he knew he originally had nothing ; and this alone should have been sufficient to rouse his jealousy . The accommodation of 10,000l . of 20,000l. , and various other considerable sums , left not a shadow of doubt upon the subject ; and it fully appeared his lordship had gone on systematically for 12 years together . He hoped it could not be said he was actuated by any peevish motive to lord Melville in giving his vote in support of the resolutions that night . Nothing would satisfy the country but meeting the question fairly , broadly , distinctly , and without delay . The public understood the question as well as those who made speeches for his lordship ; but what defence could the house make to the public , if they delayed or passed by the consideration of such transactions ? As to impeding sailors ' wages by these speculations , he wished to state it publicly , from having been in the office himself , that such a report , which he hoped had not been made , was groundless , as the thing was impossible . But he must add , that in such a war as this , the loss of public confidence , and of the respect the people pay to 296 high authority , would be the worst blow that could be inflicted on this country . He would be the last man to proceed harshly against lord Melville or Mr. Trotter , but they did not ask to be heard by counsel , or pray for any delay . Their friends allowed they could not ask for an acquittal upon the tenth report : and , therefore , why go out of the way and delay the business for 3 or 6 months ? The house of commons would only incur odium by such a step . Shew him the law was not violated , or he would not consent to a moment 's delay . This was an odd way of treating the parliamentary commissioners . The right hon . gent .