precisely the pretence of all conquerors and marauders , in all ages . According to Livy , whenever the Romans made war upon any state , it was only to secure their own safety . Such was the plea advanced and exactly the same was the ground frequently urged by Lewis XIV . and others entertaining similar views . In the name of common sense and justice , he would ask , where such a plea was likely to stop ? Where was this resort for safety to end , for , according as it was applied , no man was likely to be at peace , for he could not calculate upon safety while there was another man alive who had strength enough to knock him down . Thus no state could be at peace , until every nation capable of attacking it was destroyed . Such was the tendency of the argument deducible from the abominable principle laid down to excuse our wars in India , respecting the weans of securing 253 our safety . The operation of such a plea struck him to have no end but in unbounded dominion . The hon . gent . concluded with expressing a hope that whether the motion before the house should be acceded to or not , something declaratory of the proposed system with respect to India , would be adopted as a guide to our governors in India , as a rule by which our views might be judged of by the natives . If that system should be consonant with moderation and justice , it would be founded on the principle of this motion , and best calculated , he was confident , to promote our interests in India . in reply , insisted on the same motives of conduct as were recommended by Mr. Fox ; and contended , that they would be most congenial to the feelings , and most consonant to the policy upon which the noble marquis was likely to act , and for the enforcement of which it was likely that he was again induced to undertake the government of our India possesions.—The question being loudly called for , the house divided ; For Mr. Francis 's motion 46 For the previous question 105 Majority against the motion 59 Counsel were further heard relative to the Scotch Appeal , Cathcart , bart . v. the Earl of Cassius , viz . Mr. Erskine , at considerable length , as second counsel , for the Respondent . The hearing of counsel was rather earlier postponed than usual , in consequence of the sudden indisposition of the lord Chancellor , on account of which an adjournment of the house , during pleasure , took place . In the course of about half an hour , the house resumed , and the lord Chancellor took his seat on the Woolsack ; and the farther consideration of the appeal was adjourned till to-morrow.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their several stages : among these , the Neutral Ships and Innkeeper 's Allowance bills were read a third time and passed , and the Irish Spirits Permit bill went through a committee of the whole house.—The indisposition of the lord Chancellor continuing , it was moved , his majesty 's commission under the great seal , be read ; authorising and appointing Edward Lord Ellenborough , Chief Justice of the Court of King 's Bench , to act and officiate as 254 Speaker of the House of Lords , during the absence of the lord Chancellor , & c. The same was read accordingly . The lord Chancellor then put the formal question upon the proceedings , and retired from the house , and lord Ellenborough shortly after took his seat upon the woolsack , as Speaker pro tempore . The Militia Enlisting bill , was then read the third time ; and on the question being put that the bill do pass ; rose , not oppose the passing of the bill , but merely to enquire of the noble secretary of state what arrangement was intended with respect to a matter which his