conduct ? He had heard of persons playing at cards naming their own trumps , but the right hon . gent . carried this principle somewhat further , because he was taking upon himself the privilege of naming the whole of his own cards . He meant no personal disrespect to the individuals , but he had great objections to their political connections with the right hon . gent. , which he thought , rendered them unfit persons . He thought on such a charge , the right hon , gent . should not have thought of making his own political friends his judges . That might not be the safest way ; and the safest way seemed to be refused by the right hon . gent He , for himself , in such a situation , would not have desired to be tried by his coadjutors , in a case wherein his oldest and steadiest political ally had , as it had been expressed in this very enquiry , become a disgraced and punished political friend and associate . Especially he objected to the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , whose conduct , for many years , rendered him an unfit person . There was also another noble lord , from the same country , who held an office under the present administration ( lord Dunlo ) . There was a right hon . gent . too in a place of high rank ( Mr Foster ) , and the master of the rolls , and sir W. Scott , who could not attend without public detriment . He had rather , whatever respect he might have for them , see two country gentlemen in their places , though their talents and knowledge of business might be inferior . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was not merely a placeman , but a perpetual placeman . Nothing could move him . He was not to be shaken 515 by political storms and tempests , they only bound him more firmly to his post . That noble lord seemed invulnerable ; he laughed at the convulsions of government and parties . Nothing short of an earthquake could shake him . He had been already celebrated for having two strings to his bow , and he kept his bow always strung . He seemed not to have two strings only to his bow , but as many as a certain person was noted for having to his knees . He was in power in the right hon . gent . 's last administration . He performed him some services at the union ; after the union leaving Ireland , he came here , and was in place again . That administration went out on a specific public ground , and another came in on a directly opposite principle ; but still the noble lord clung to office , and kept in place . That ministry was turned out by the help of his right hon . friend ; but then was the noble lord again in power , and now he is in a new coalition . He did not question the purity of his principles , in all those evolutions by which he contrived to maintain his position and keep himself where he was : but would the country think him a proper person to investigate the conduct of his patron ? He and his patron , no doubt , deserved each other 's friendship , for their mutual services . He would give his lordship credit for manly policy , and gratitude to the right hon . gent . ; but though this might be very gratifying in private life , it rather disqualified him for the situation to be allotted him . For what was the committee to examine into ? Delicate and secret transactions ! The noble lord had been engaged in similar transactions in Ireland already , and his palate may have become vitiated in these matters , and the public and he entertain very different ideas on the uses and abuses of public money . He might refer to some late matters . The noble