? When the petitioner chose to state that they sat there as a parliament owing to the exertions of lord Melville and his friends , was that language which the house could endure ? If it was owing to so lutary laws , surely it was to the legislature and not to one or two individuals , that those laws were owing . It was equally objectionable in a petition to speak of either the merits or demerits of any of the parties in parliament . If a person under punishment for a libel on the character of the house should have taken another ground , and in stead of attributing the safety of the state to lord Melville and his colleagues , had attributed it solety to the firm stand which the opposition in parliament had made to all the fabricated plots and conspiracies which had been invented on the part of government , for the purpose of preserving ministers it power and office , such a statement would have been equally objectionable . A petition ought not to be so framed as to revive those topics of discussion which were no relative to the matter before the house . He felt sorry that the petition had been so worded that he could not give it his support Upon the ground he had stated , he should find himself obliged to agree in the vote of his hon . friend . thought the petition contained no matter that could he adduced in aggravation of the original libel . It appeared to him a great inconsistency in the hon . member , ( Mr. Sheridan ) to give credit to the legislature for the salutary laws it had enacted , and yet give no credit to the administration who had brought them forward . in explanation , said the hon . gent . had completely misunderstood him . He neither meant to give credit to those laws as salutary , nor to the government that introduced those laws . thought it was a most extraordinary speech which the house had just now heard from the hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) . His expression on the other night was a remarkable one , and would not easily be forgotten . He had described the libel as a `` mere milk and water '' production , when compared with many others , and yet this night be found out that it was a 552 most grave and serious libel . The great zeal that some gentlemen now shewed to punish a libel on the majority of the house , appeared difficult for him to account for in any other way than he had already done , by supposing they were attached to majorities , or minorities , exactly as they themselves happened to belong to the one description or the other . Having now found a libel on a majority to include themselves , they were ready to vote for increasing the punishment . considered that his hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) had properly stated the grounds from which the disposition to lenity on a former night proceeded . There were two solutions of it . In the first place , his hon . friend ( Mr. Grey ) had complained of a libel ; the house unanimously agreed that it was a gross libel ; and , under these circumstances , it was not surprising that his hon . friend ( Mr. Grey ) should , as usual , feel a greater disposition to lenity than the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) . If the fact , however , was , that it was one of the minority of the 8th of April , who both wrote that libel and drew up the petition , it was not extraordinary that that hon . member should warmly defend his own productions . The set-off in this case is curious . The editor , who is punished for libelling the majority of the house , tells you , in his vindication , that he has very frequently libelled the minority . Was it to