likely to obtain their objects . If my information is accurate , I believe it will be found that all the eagerness to agitate the subject was on this side of the water , and that the catholic ; were goaded on by representations from hence to bring forward their petition . I do not accuse the noble lord of being the person that spurred on the catholics . I know his public spirit and character too well to suspect , for an instant , that he would lend his great and distinguished name to so mischievous a measure . He knows that country too well , from his former high station , to hazard such a measure at this moment . I have not , however , the same good opinion of others : I do believe that there are men so desperate as to value at nought a general convulsion , if they can worry a minister by bringing forward a subject , in the discussion of which they conceive he may he embarrassed by former declarations . Why is our country to be made the arena on which contending parties are to wage war against each other ? Oh my unfortunate country ! are you never to he at rest ? I conjure the agitators of this measure to reflect ere it be too late : stir not a fire that is smothered , but not extinguished ; the slightest spark may kindle into a blaze . Is it not sufficient that , in the short space of nine years , my poor country has been racked by conspiracies , disgraced by every crime contained in the roll of human wickedness , affrighted by invasions , and shaken to the very centre by civil and religious distractions ? Is it not enough that we have sacrificed our pride as an independent nation , and our importance and influence as individuals , to procure , if possible , for our distracted land , the blessings of peace and security ? We embraced an union to protect us from ourselves ; make not what we considered and hoped would prove a measure of safety , make it not , I say , a measure of mischief and disquiet—But the noble baron says , that the union is no union without this measure ; that without it we shall break faith with the catholics , who were induced to support the union by the expectations held out to then of the success 724 of this measure ; that indeed the government made them no promises , but that all of us who supported the union , led them to entertain such hopes . I acknowledge that I did say to my catholic friends , that they would have a better chance of success hereafter from an imperial than from an Irish parliament ; that an Irish parliament could never grant with safety what the united parliament might hereafter bestow . But I certainly held out to them no expectation of an early attainment of their wishes . I am not , my lords , one of those who think that in no time , under no change of circumstances , this measure ought to be granted ; that the settlement of 1793 should be our ne plus ultra , that here we ought to make our stand . I profess not to understand what a ne plus ultra in politics means . Sure I am that no such principle is countenanced in the practice of our constitutions ; its principle is to change as circumstances and times demand alteration . I trust and hope that a time may arrive when distrusts and animosities may die away , when the two parties may meet half way , and when religious distinctions may no longer disturb the state.—But , says the noble lord , grant the prayer of this petition and you will at once do away all pretext for disturbance , and you will at once become an united and a happy people . I have the misfortune again to differ from the noble lord . I do solemnly declare ,