of certain ships , pursuant to address of that house.—Adjourned . A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had 327 agreed to the Innkeepers Rate bill , the English Militia Reduction bill , the Spanish Trade Licence bill , American Treaty bill , Neutral Ships bill , and Alien Prize Ships bill , without any amendments . After which , the speaker , pursuant to a summons by the black rod , attended in the house of lords , where the royal assent was given by commission to the foregoing bills , the Edinburgh Police bill , and several private bills.—Mr . Lee gave notice that on the 25th of April he should move for leave to bring in a bill to allow the same advantages with respect to the issue of small notes to the country banks of Ireland , as were enjoyed in this country ; also for a bill further to regulate the mode for receiving small debts in Ireland.—Sir W. Scott moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Prize Courts bill.—Sir C. Pole expressed a wish that this measure should not be hurried through the house , but that the hon . member would consent to have it printed , and that sufficient time should be allowed to the parties concerned , to consider the several clauses which it contained . Sir W. Scott proposed to have the bill read a second time this day , and committed pro forma to-morrow , after which he should move to have it printed , and after the holidays recommitted , when as much time as the hon . gent . should deem necessary should be allowed . The bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had agreed to the Irish Militia Volunteer , the Irish Spirits Permit , the London Bread Assize , and Bowyer 's Lottery bills , without any amendment.—Mr . Rose presented several accounts relative to the Isle of Man , and the case of John Duke of Athol . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Mr . Giles desired to be informed , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers , to bring forward a bill for continuing for a further period the Commission of Naval inquiry ; as if not , he should feel it his duty to submit a motion to the house on that subject , at an early day after the holidays . as soon as he entered the house , rose and said , that he thought it his duty to-acquaint the house , that the noble lord who had been the subject of the discussion on a former night , had since made a tender of the resignation of the office of first lord of the admiralty to his majesty , which resignation his majesty had been most graciously pleased to accept . then moved , that the resolutions of Monday should be read . The house ordered that the eleventh resolution only should be read , and it was read accordingly . `` That the right hon . lord viscount Melville having been privy to , and connived at the withdrawing from the bank of England , for purposes of private interest or emolument , sums issued to him as treasurer of the navy , and placed to his account in the bank , according to the provisions of the 25th Geo . III . c. 31 , has been guilty of a gross violation of the law , and a highs breach of duty . '' Upon which , rose , and expressed himself in these words : Sir , the notice which has been just given by the right hon . gent . over against me can not have been unexpected by any one ; but I confess that , by the notification now made , I am by no means satisfied ; I think the public can not be satisfied ; I think , nay , I feel confident ,