the circumstances of the empire that can be truly said to render it less expedient now . The right hon . gent. , in every thing which he has offered as argument against the question itself , has referred to times past , but how those arguments can apply to the present day he has not stated . The right hon . gent . has that many persons are averse to the measure , that the clergy and the nobility are opposed to it , and that the public mind is not unanimous in its favour . Why , sir , if the catholics are to be told they must wait until all the objections which passion , or prejudice , or ignorance , or caprice may suggest , are perfectly silent ; and that no man is to be found in or out of parliament opposed to their wishes , I am afraid their hopes of success must be postponed to a very distant day indeed : but , sir , I am not aware of this very general sentiment of the leading clergy , the nobility , or the public at large , against this measure , unless we take the speeches uttered in this or another house of parliament , opposed by other speeches , at least equally strong and independent , for that general sentiment ; or unless we consider the declarations of the kingdom , or a few newspaper publications from prejudiced authors , as expressive of that general sentiment . But if arguments drawn from such sources are 1024 insisted on ; if no measure is every to pass in parliament which has not the unanimous sense of the country in its favour , prejudice and passion may for every triumph over reasoning sound policy . But , sir , as long as a catholic remains in these countries , such objections will exist . They are founded upon the very essence of opinions , which you can never remove from those minds , on the very first principles of which they are rooted . And so long as they exist , there never will be wanting an outcry against the claims of the catholics . I should be glad to know what public question that ever came forward in this house has had in its favour such unanimity , that there could be no objection to it ? While we have to encounter prejudice and oppose confederacy , how is it possible that truth and reason can be victorious with unanimity ? But to say that this house is to be deterred by popular clamour or prejudiced objections from exercising its fair judgment , is tantamount to a declaration that no disorders can be removed , no abuses corrected , no tyranny subdued . I therefore must resist and deprecate such arguments coming from the righ hon . gent . against this motion , as unparliamentary , unconstitutional , and dangerous . But , sir , I know of no reason why that measure which his majesty 's minister is of opinion was expedient , and ought to have been done four years ago , and may be done hereafter , ought not to be done now : and as to any danger that can arise from bringing forward the question now , as is alledged without the chance of success , the only mischief I can apprehend is from the refusal , which must recoil upon ministers themselves , as the cause of it . The whole of the right hon . member 's speech upon this this subject is indefinite , full of mystery , and , to me at least , not clearly intelligible . The right hon . gent . has talked of expediency as distinct from right . But the claim of the catholics if not set up upon what is termed a fantastical claim of right , but a plain and common right to an equal share and participation in the benefits of the constitution under which they live . I am myself disposed to rest the principle part of the claim upon expediency , without excluding