administration , there could exist no doubt on the merits of those transactions , by which he had conferred such benefits on his country , had secured her interest , upheld her honour , and exalted her glory . He had dispelled a danger the most formidable and menacing , which he never could have done on the principle of the hon . gentlemen opposite ; and dispelled it , during a war in which France wished , through India , to strike a fatal blow against British Commerce and greatness . The wisdom of the noble lord had been evinced in adopting the highest , most important , and fundamental policy of the British interests it India : he had procured , in the issue of his brilliant campaigns , indemnity and se- 250 curity : he had gained a great extent of valuable sea-coast , a matter of great consideration with a view to preventing the designs of the enemy.—He must object most decidedly to a motion which cast a slur upon the justice , the magnanimity , and the good faith of the British government . He need not dwell on the last Mahratta war , after what had been said by his noble friend . He contended , that lord Wellesley was fully justified respecting the treaty with the Peishwa . We ought not to permit either Scindia or the Peishwah to possess the whole of the Mahratta power . The right hon . gent . alluded to the attempt made on Egypt , as connected with the design of the enemy on the East Indies , and stated , that he knew France had still been looking to the Mahratta states as the great instrument to be employed against us in India . If there was any variety of opinion as to some parts of the noble marquis 's administration in India , and in an administration so long and so full of incident , no wonder if there should , let the specific points be stated on which the objections are taken , and they should be met as they ought to be , but the present motion was either to convey a general censure of the whole of the administration , which nobody would avow , or it went to declare that which was unnecessary , because declared already . vindicated the motion and the objects of the honourable mover . The right hon . gent . who had just sat down , was completely mistaken , in supposing that the meaning of his hon . friend , or of those by whom the motion of 1782 was drawn up , was , that parliament should make a declaration against unjustifiable wars , for that would be just such trash as the French assembly published at the commencement of the revolution ; but upon which they did not afterwards act , `` that they would not make war forsake of conquest . '' No , the meaning of the motion before the house , and of that of 1782 , was this , that an extension of territory in India was not the policy of this country ; that is , that whatever the grounds of war might be , a farther addition to our territory in that quarter would be a mischief . But the right hon . gent . on the other side , seemed to say , that our -situation was materially altered since 1782 , with respect to India . Where , he would ask , was the material circumstance of change ? We were at war with France 251 in 1782—The French were as willing to excite an opposition to us in India , and Tippoo was quite as willing to second such Views as the Mahrattas can be supposed at present . Yet under all these circumstances we concluded the resolution of 1782 . He called upon the house to come to some discussion upon this point . If the extension of territory were desirable , let the motion be negatived at once , and let some course be determined on . But let not such a