be secure in his obedience to an act of parliament ? I wish to ask the house for what purposes these perpetual draughts of money , this constant fluctuation of accounts in the name of Mr. Trotter , took place ? At the time that Mr. Trotter is so anxious for the security of his money , was it lodged at Mr. Coutts 's , allowing that to be a place of safety ? No , it was employed in discounting bills , in forming speculations , in gambling on the stock exchange . I am really almost appalled , and I think that the house will likewise be appalled , at the reflection of no less than 134 millions of the pubic property having passed through Lord Melville 's paymaster 's hands . Why , sir , the report states explicitly that upwards of 8,000,000l . had been in the hands of the private banker , and nearly 7,000,000l . more . is alluded to as having passed through the same channel . But , what we have hitherto had disclosed is , perhaps , not one fourth of the money transactions of Lord Melville 's paymaster , and much of the money in his hands when he was absolutely destitute of funds to make good the loss of one thousandth part of the public property in his hands . But while all these transactions were going forward , on what was Lord Melville employed ? Does he know any thing at all of the state of Mr. Trotter 's accounts , for every one of whose actions he alone is responsible ? Has he carefully examined the use which Mr. Trotter has made of the public money , and is , he satisfied with the result ? The truth is , if you are to believe Lord Melville himself , he knows nothing of the matter . What , then , is the state of Mr. Trotter 's accounts ? He himself pleads ignorance , and can not satisfy the commissioners . What was the cause of all this affected ignorance may hereafter appear.—One would have thought that a person of Mr. Trotter 's perplexed turn of mind would have been anxious to do business in as simple a manner as possible , and in order to separate the public from his own private money , nothing would have been more easy than the simple device of having a public and a private account . This , 270 however , did not exactly suit Mr. Trotter 's purpose . He preferred having a chest in which he was to receive money promiscuously . One man comes with live guineas , another with ten guineas , and a third with twenty , and so with different sums , and they are all thrown promiscuously into the chest . They return in a short time for their money , and Mr. Trotter , very complaisantly , says , `` Tis true , gentlemen , I did receive your money , but I threw it promiscuously into the chest , and it is altogether impossible for me to separate the different sums . '' Exactly similar to this is the conduct of Mr. Trotter in transacting his money concerns . He opens no less than five accounts . We have his own account—his separate account—his account as paymaster of the navy—his broker 's account—and Jelicoe 's account . He opens all these accounts , and when the commissioners ask him for what they were intended , he has the assurance to tell them that they had no right to interfere with his private affairs , and very flatly disclaims their powers.—He draws under these heads immense sums of the public money—as for example , a million of money in one day . On all the accounts there might be expected to be a number of curious and interesting items . The commissioners demand explanation , and again Mr. Alexander Trotter refuses to answer , and tells them to draw their own inference . The commissioners , baffled in getting information from Trotter , take up the business themselves , and here