present bill ; and so far again , the anterior measure was repealed . He was not at all surprised , at the contradiction between these expedients , but at least they ought to be recognized , and understood . It ought to be known , that the minister himself acknowledged , that the objections he had made with so , much animation to preceding schemes of national defence were vain and futile , and that he himself was at last constrained to tread in the steps of his predecessor . The additional force bill , by a strange inconsistency , required the parish to supply the 177 man , or pay the penalty of 201. within the period of forty-four days , when the appointment of the men so to be raised was not to be assigned until three weeks posterior . said , that gentlemen had inaccurately stated both the facts , and the conclusions from those facts ; he would admit , for the sake of argument , that their facts were correct , but he could not grant the same indulgence to their deductions from them . For a moment , therefore , he would grant that the additional force bill had wholly failed : the natural deduction then was , that some other measure must be resorted to ; but gentlemen used it as an argument , that to the present , and no other expedient , should the country have recourse to supply the deficiency resulting from that disappointment . Gentlemen had likewise contended— here called the right hon . gent . to order , as going beyond the line of explanation ; but declared , that he had no objection to hear the right hon . gent . out in defence of this measure , if by the rules of their proceedings , he could have an opportunity of replying to him . said , he was aware that the right hon . gent . as far as he proceeded , did not keep within the limits of explanation , and that he only waited till that circumstance should be taken notice of by the house , or till by the tenor of his speech it could be seen whether what he already said would be brought to bear upon any point of explanation . said , he should leave it to the judgment of the house , whether a short observation made by him before should , in the strictness of form , be considered as speaking to the question . What he said was certainly rather in explanation of what he said in a former stage , than in elucidation of the sentence which fell from him in this ; but he should not proceed further if he found it to be against the pleasure of the house . again observed , that all which was necessary for him to do , was to state his conception of the order of proceeding , and as to the rest , it was to be disposed of at the pleasure of the house . then said , that he did not wish to persist in any thing which was contrary to the forms . He was satisfied to let the question rest upon the ground on which it already stood ; and he 178 was the less inclined to urge the observations he had to offer , at the present moment , as he made no doubt but the gent . opposite to him would afford him opportunities enough of doing so.—The bill was then passed without a division.—Adjourned . Counsel were farther heard relative to the Scotch appeal , Cathcart v. the earl of Cassilis , viz . Mr. Adam as leading counsel for the respondent.—The bills upon the table were forwarded in their several stages.—Lord Hawkesbury moved the first , reading of the militia enlisting bill , and that the bill be printed , which were ordered accordingly . His lordship then moved that the said bill be read a second time on Thursday next , and that the lords be summoned for that day.—Ordered . gave notice , that he