) who supported the motion last night with such a splendour of eloquence , what effect this is likely to produce upon the catholics themselves ? When the hon . member , or the hon . mover of the question , talk of the effect of disappointing hopes that have been raised , I trust they have over-rated and exaggerated it . But one of these gentlemen did state , that amongst the possible causes of a religious feeling having mixed and operated in the late rebellion , might be enumerated he hope held out by lord Fitzwilliam , that the claims of the catholics would be taken into consideration . They allege the disappointment of that hope as one of the causes that might have tended to produce the rebellion . If that be their conviction , what must they think who wish to go into a committee upon the petition , and yet are of opinion that they still reserve to themselves the freedom of rejecting it altogether , or of rejecting it in its most important parts ? I Submit this to the consideration of the house shortly , but distinctly ; it rests upon grounds so obvious and so strong , that it will be taking up your time unnecessarily , to debate upon them . I submit this with a wish that the measure will be brought forward and carried with any thing like a general concurrence . But , tho circumstances which rendered it impossible for me to urge and press it then , make it impossible for me to urge and press it now ; feeling as I do , that to press it , and to fail or to press it and even carry it with such a strong opposition , are alternatives , both of them so mischevious , that it will be difficult to decide between them . Seeing , sir , what are the opinions of the times , what is the situation of men 's minds , and the sentiments of all descriptions and classes—of the other branch of the legislature , and even the prevailing opinion of this house , I feel that I should act contrary to a sense of my duty , and even inconsistenly with the original ground upon which I thought the measure ought to be brought forward , if I countenanced it under the present circumstances , or if I hesitated in giving my decided negative to the louse going into a committee . rose and spoken in substance as follows : Sir , I consider the question now before the house , as one naturally and immediately the consequence of the legislative union established between Great Britain and Ireland , and one to which the catholics of Ireland were certainly taught to look for- 1023 ward in the course of all the arguments urged in favour of that measure , both in and out of parliament . I think , and have long thought , it is that measure by which alone the great union of protestant and catholic can be brought about . When the proposition for the union was first brought forward , I had strong objection to the measure ; and I was only reconciled to it upon the idea that all disabilities attaching on the catholics were to be removed , and that the whole population would be united in interests and affections . Believing this to be the case , sir , and finding that impediments were started to this measure much stronger than I was prepared to apprehend , I relinquished the administration , because I thought the measure indispensable to the safety of this empire ; and I have seen nothing since to change my opinion on that point . The right hon . gent . has avowed that his opinion was then the same ; and surely if it was expedient in 1801 ; if the circumstances of the country then imperiously called for its adoption ; surely it is still loudly called for by the circumstances of the present moment ; and I know of no alteration that has taken place in