nor is it likely now it should do so ; for it is impossible for this house to conceal from itself that the present administration is hostile to that parliamentary commission ; many of the gentlemen I see opposite to me resisted , with all their power , the act creating the commission ; the admiralty who brought it in are the perpetual subject of their censures , and particularly for their economy . We have seen with what reluctance this parliamentary commission is to be permitted to exist as long as parliament intended it to do , and then , what is worse than all , we see that the reform of all the abuses that the parliamentary commissioners have discovered is not to be left to this house , is not to be followed up by resolutions of parliament , or by positive laws , but the whole is entrusted to commissioners appointed by the crown ; that is to say , by ministers themselves ; and over which commissioners , parliament has no controul . If parliament give this favourite subject of the public out of its own hands , the reform of abuses , the economy of the public money in the department of the navy , we might have been indulged , I think , with a reformer of more promise than Mr. Fordyce . We know very well , sir , the resolution , the courage , the unimpeachable character that are necessary to make a man a successful reformer , that can enable him to contend against that implacable host of interested jobbers that for ever swarm about the public money ; and can it be said that Mr. Fordyce , whose very existence is at the mercy of the crown , whose character as a public defaulter is at the mercy of every man whose abuses he is to correct , can Mr. Fordyce thus situated , be that faithful and rigid servant of the public , which his office of reformer so peculiarly calls upon him to be ? Having said thus much of the late naval commission , and of the suspicious light in which I view it , I shall nevertheless afford Mr. Fordyce an opportunity of doing his duty to the public , and I shall not at this present moment submit the resolution I originally intended ; I beg , however , to give this notice to the house , that if my suspicions shall be too unfortunately realized , if we shall not shortly hear of the labours of these new commissioners , I shall think it my duty again to call the attention of the house to this sub- 55 ject , and endeavour to induce it to resume into its own hands this most important object of reform ; and I shall now , sir , content myself with moving for a committee of this house , for the purpose of obtaining information respecting Mr. Fordyce 's debt , which under all the circumstances of the enormity of that debt , the time it has been owing , the apathy of the lords of the treasury in the recovery of it , and the violation of all Mr. Fordyce 's engagements as to the liquidation of it , the house , I apprehend , will have no hesitation in agreeing to . The hon . gentleman then moved , `` that a committee be appointed to examine what sum was now due from John Fordyce , esq . to the public in respect of a sum of 82,000l . and upwards , reported to be due from him by the finance committee in 1797 ; together with an account of what steps had been taken by the lords of the treasury for the recovery of the same ; and also an account of all securities given by the said John Fordyce , or on his behalf , to the lords of the treasury for the payment of the said debt ; also an account of all engagements entered into by the said John Fordyce with the lords of the treasury for the payment of