`` No . 11 . Navy Office , 30th Nov. 18O4 . Gentlemen , Since any return to town , your precept to the navy hoard has been put into my hands . I find the hoard has already signified to you , that the navy ninety-day bills , mentioned in your said precept , on the days and for the sums particularized , were issued , by my written directions , to the committee of accounts , in consequence of secret orders I had received from government for specific purposes , and which were kept in my possession.— I have now the honour to acquaint you , that the first sum stated in your precept , was issued by directions from the lords commissioners of the treasury , dated 4th October 1792 , and marked most secret . The subsequent issues , viz . 22d November 1799 , and 9th April 1801 , were made by similar orders . The service for which these naval payments were made , was communicated to me in confidence , and I consider it to be of so delicate a nature , that although the late treasury board signified in a secret letter to me from Mr. Vansittart , dated 1st May 1804 , `` That the individual in question had performed the service for which the navy bills had been issued , to their lordship 's satisfaction , and therefore directed the navy board to make out a clearing bill to discharge Mr. — and his partners from the responsibility of the debt to government ; '' yet I am decidedly of opinion , that even mentioning the name of the parties , with the sums issued to them at the particular periods before-mentioned , in any report to be laid before the public , would not only endanger the loss of a great part of the money to government , but would subject the party who had been employed to very great inconvenience.—I therefore submit these circumstances to your consideration , as I find it impracticable to give you a copy of the orders tinder which I acted , `` omitting the secret instructions respecting the services to be `` performed , '' as they are contained in almost every line of the authority : I am , nevertheless , ready to lay before you , privately , all the papers relative to the transaction , provided I am assured that it is not to be publicly reported upon , as in 474 that case I should consider myself not at liberty to make the communication without first consulting the government . With respect to the 2d issue of navy bills to Messrs. Hammersley and Co. , I beg leave to acquaint , you that lord Hobart , one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state , signified to me the king 's pleasure , that I should take under my control , and provide funds for the preparation of a project intended to be carried into execution on the enemy 's coast ( a copy of which I have the honour to inclose in obedience to your precept ) ; and considering it more for the interest of the public , that the funds should be in the hands of a banker , rather than in those of a person unknown to me , and over whom , whilst money was at his command , I could expect to have but little control ; I judged it most advisable to have the money imprested to Messrs. Hammersley , and Co. who have no other concern in the transaction than paying such bills as had my approval . I have the honour to be , & c. ( Signed ) A. S . Hamond . '' On the motion for their being printed , called the attention of the house to the papers . It was a direct and wilful perversion to call them papers that corrected the evidence of lord St. Vincent . That evidence stood unimpeached . The house had an interest in the character of lord St. Vincent , and his private friends had an interest .