the hon . gent . 's violence and invective ; and when I see that noble lord , now no longer a minister , already pulled down from the high eminence on which he stood , and prostrate at the feet of the house of commons , no longer formidable from power or dangerous from influence ; when I see him now , after his political existence has ceased , after the crimes of his political nature ( be they what they may ) have been severely visited upon him ; when I see him now in this defenceless state persecuted and hunted down , —and by whom ? by the friends of sir John Jervis and the kindred of sir Charles Grey ; 341 I can not sir , refuse to the hon . gent , the praise of Spartan inflexibility , of more than Roman virtue : but while humbly and at a distance I admire the exertion of these high qualities in him , I pray to Almighty God to spare me the pain of being ever called upon to imitate his example ! —I rise , sir , under no inconsiderable share of embarrassment . I was in some doubt , whether I should take notice of the observations of the right hon . gent . at all . It is indeed , unpleasant to me at all times to enter into any thing in this house where I am personally concerned . With regard to whatever I or my hon . relation have done , I do not feel that we have merited the reproof of the right hon . gent. , since I do believe we neither of us have any obligation to confess to the zeal , impartiality , or ability of the noble lord . The right hon . gent . accuses me for the warmth I have displayed respecting this business , and in answer to this accusation it is only necessary to say , that I am quite unconscious of any such bitterness , and it would , I think , be rather difficult for the right hon . gent . to shew in what way it has been evinced . He chooses to congratulate me and my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Whitbread ) on our more than Spartan virtue in voting against the noble lord , who , as he alleges , was the champion of those who are dear to us by the ties of blood or the connexions of friendship . He tells us that the battle which the noble lord fought for these relations was disinterested , and he admires the return we have made for these magnanimous exertions . This , sir , is a strange kind of language ; but it will be proper for me to call the attention of the house to the circumstances to which the right hon . gent . has alluded . It is sufficiently in the recollection of the house that these noble lords being in the service of government , received only bare justice from the ministers of the day . It will be recollected that among the few instances of military glory which distinguished the late war , the two noble lords , triumphing over difficulties of a very formidable nature , had eminently distinguished themselves . On their return to this country from the West Indies , some dissatisfaction arose , and an inquiry was proposed by some members of this house . What was the conduct of these noble persons on that occasion ? Did they fly from justice ? Did they wish to elude inquiry , or did they discover any anxiety to conceal their conduct behind any mean or dishonourable subterfuge ? On the contrary , did they not court inquiry ? Did 342 they not call for the fullest investigation of every part of their conduct , and appeal to the fair decision of the house ? The right hon . gent . has spoken as if those noble persons received favours from the noble lord who appeared in their defence ; but I utterly disclaim the existence