, even here , must Be all and the End all . We are , I am afraid , yet only on our own necessary defence . We are obliged in conscience , honour , and duty to ourselves , and to our constitution in church and state , to throw our shield of self-preservation before us , and on it to exhibit the warning motto of `` ne plus ultra . '' said a few words in favour of the motion ; after which , rose to reply , and spoke in substance as follows : My lords ; nothing but the duty I owe to the question and to myself , would have induced me to trouble your lordships with any observations at this late hour , In the course of what has fallen from noble lords during this debate , it has been thrown out by way of reproach , that to this petition is affixed none of the names of the catholic clergy of Ireland , and this most unjust and most unwarrantable interference has been drawn , that because they have not put their names to the petition , therefore they are not willing to subscribe to the sentiments of loyalty and attachment expressed in the petition . Now , my lords , I assert it again , and again , and am willing to lose all consideration with your lordships if I do not prove , that the contrary is the fact ; if I do not prove , that they have signed the declaration themselves , and as an hierarchy have , recommended it to others . I have the means of proving before a committee of lordships , if you will let me go into committee , that the catholic clergy of Ireland are not only willing , but anxious and desirous to take the oaths prescribed by law , and that they exert themselves to persuade others to take them . This I can prove by certificates from courts of justice 838 in Ireland , and other concurrent testimonies . The reason alleged by the catholic clergy for not signing the present petition , and a correct and rational reason it is , is that it prays merely for the enjoyment of civil rights . Those , therefore , who are abusing and vilifying this respectable body are not judging from facts , nor can they be well-wishers to the peace and prosperity of Ireland.ȄMy lords , a noble lord has made a distinction between the oath of the catholics of Ireland and the oath of the catholics of England . He says the difference is , that the catholics of Ireland are not willing to take the same oath as the catholics of England , and lie argues as if the catholics of England were willing to give some pledge of their loyalty which the catholics of Ireland were not willing to take . My lords , I maintain that the oath is equally binding on the catholic of Ireland as it is on the catholic of England.—I shall now make a few short observations on what fell from a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) who spoke at considerable length the other evening . The noble and learned lord told you , that there was in the catholic church of Ireland an establishment of bishops . This , my loads , is no information to any person Who knows that the church of Ireland is episcopal , and that if you put down Roman catholic bishops , you put down the religion itself.— But the noble and learned lord asserts , `` that they consider themselves as the only lawful successors of the ancient clergy of Ireland , assuming all the powers , and claiming all the revenues , of that clergy , treating the clergy of the reformed religion as usurpers ; refusing obedience to all laws framed to curb the encroachments of the papacy on the sovereign power , and denying to the legislature of the country all power over the ranks , dignities , and authorities , and even the revenues of the church .