Edward Staniforth , John Mildmay , Sir H. Steele , Rt . Hon T. Mtford , W. Steele , Robert Montgomery , P. Stephens Sir P. Moore , C. Stewart , Sir James Morgan , C. Steward , G T. Morland , W. Stopford , Lord Nepean , Sir E. Strachey , Sir H. Neville , Richard Strahan , A. Nicholl , Sir J. Strutt , J. H Norton , J. C. Stuarf Sir John Odell , W. Sturges , Bourne Osborne , J. Sudley , Lord Ormsby , C. M. Sullivan , Sir R. Paget , Hon . C. Spencer Smith Paget , Hon . E. Talbot , Sir G. Patten , Peter Thelluson , G. Patterson , J. Thelluson , P T. Pereival , Hon . S. Thynne , Lord G. Phipps , Hon . E. Thynne , Lord J. Pitt , Right Hon . W. Titchfield , Varquis Pitt , W. M. Townshend , Hon . W. Popham , Sir H. Trail , J . Pole , Hon . W. W. Turner , Edmund Porcher , T. D. Vanisittart , N. Preston , Sir R. Ward , Robert Pulteney , Sir J. Wallace , Rt . Hon . T. Rochfort , Gustavus Welby , Sir W. E. Rose , Right Hon . G. West , Hon . F. Rose , George H. White , M. Russel , M. Wigram , Robert Rutherford , J. Willet , T. W. Salusbury , Sir R. Wood , Mark Sargent , J. Wortley , J. S. The bills upon the table were forwarded in their respective stages.—The order of the day being read , the house resolved into a committee on the Irish militia enlisting bill ; and lord Walsingham having taken the chair , the various clauses and provisions of the bill were agreed to by their lordships , without observation or amendment.—The house having resumed , the report was received , and the bill ordered to be 326 read a third time to-morrow.—A bill was introduced by the duke of Athol , to divorce Frederick Touche , esq . from Elizabeth Atherton , his now wife , and to enable her to marry again , and for other purposes therein mentioned . On the bill being read a first time , the lord , chancellor quitted the woolsack , and called their attention to the prominent consideration of the bill . It was a measure originating with the woman ; a circumstance which uniformly rendered that house very cautious in entertaining bills of the kind There were undoubtedly , some precedents of such cases , he believed two , and one of these so late as the year 1801 ; yet these were countenanced on the extraordinary circumstances and peculiar specialities of the cases . He felt it appeared rather hard to say any thing unfavourable of a bill of the kind , on the occasion of its first reading ; but he must observe the bill was one which deserved their lordships most serious consideration , and anxious attention , when it should be read a second time . The duke of Athol observed , that part of what had fallen from the noble lord on the woolsack , in a great degree anticipated what he proposed to offer . There were avowedly precedents for bills of the bills of the kind , and he was aware that the present case , must stand on its own particular merits.—Adjourned . —The royal assent was given by commission to the Militia Reduction bill , the Spanish Trade bill , the American Treaty bill , the Foreign Prize Ships ' bill , the Bengal Supreme Council , the Innkeepers ' Rates bill , the Edinburgh Police bill , and six private bills.—The Irish Militia Reduction bill , the Irish Spirit Permit bill , Bowyer 's Lottery bill the London Bread Assize bill , and some private bills , were read a third time , and passed.—Lord Hawkesbury laid on the table , by command of his majesty , copies of correspondence between the admiralty and navy board , and an account of the number of guns and carronades on board