whole house in this case ; and he had observed there was no sorrow exprest in the petition ; there was only regret stated . Hearing that stated from that hon . member , who was usually accurate in his expressions , he was induced to look at the petition itself , and by it he found that the words were 557 these— '' Your petitioner humbly hopes , on this acknowledgment of his sincere sorrow , that this hon . house , in the plenitude of its condescension and liberality , will be pleased to pardon him . '' Now , he though this was a complete answer to that part of the observation of the hon . gent . behind him . He confessed he was very mud struck by what fell from an hon . gent . on this occasion who sat below him , that the offence in this petition was not matter of accident , but had been pointed out to the petitioner , and that he had refused to withdraw that which was offensive . If then was matter of offence in the petition , he should not have attempted to defend it , for he could not think of defending any thing was justly deemed offensive to the house , and that the more especially , if the offensive part had been pointed out to the petitioner ; in such cases , he should agree with the noble lord , that the petitioner was not entitled to any favour ; but there again he was induced to look at the premises before he arrived at the conclusion . He agreed it was not the business of a petitioner , when he came to ask for favour of the house , to endeavour to set one part of the house against the other ; but he must look into the petition to see whether that was the fact , and he found nothing of that sort in it . It seas not unnatural for a man , accused of having attacked the proceedings of the house , that he should , in mitigation of its sentence , plead that on former occasions he had defended the house ; vainly thinking , perhaps , that his labours were more important than in truth they were ; but it was not an unnatural thing for an accused person to do so ; it was on the contrary the uniform practice of men in every situation , when they were accused of misconduct , in any particular case , to refer to their former conduct , not as a justification of an improper act , but as an extenuation ; but the house would not censure a person for making that reference , even if it should think that he had attached more value to his labours than they had . What Were the facts in this part of the case ? They were no more than this : the petitioner stated , that formerly the conduct of the house of commons was attacked by certain societies then existing in this country , and that he , as far as his ability could go , defended the house against the evil designs of those societies : —that might be a vain declaration also ; but surely it was no aggravation of his offence . He would not represent this part of the case in milder 558 terms than the petitioner himself had used ; the words were these : — '' That your petitioner is emboldened to solicit your indulgence and forgiveness on his well-founded assurance , that during the several years in which he has conducted a newspaper , it has uniformly been his principle and pride zealously to support the character and dignity of the house of commons , and that it has frequently fallen to his lot to have vindicated both , from the charges of societies expressly instituted to bring them into public disrepute and contempt . `` —There might be no merit in all this ; there might be but little consequence in what he had done , but surely there was