improper , but being now out of office , he was not capable of judging whether a similar communication would not be equally injurious at the present time . All he should think of asking for would be such papers as were barely necessary for the vindication of the 738 noble earl , who wanted no other protection but what he could hope to derive from the justice of his country . The gentlemen opposite him would never think on such papers as might be sufficient for a vote of one night ; for , if the enquiry respecting lord Melville required to be referred to a committee , though comparatively it lay in a nut-shell , how much more necessary would it be on a subject which embraced the conduct of a whole administration ? He must once more observe , that all he should require was , that the case should be fairly , fully , equally , and impartially tried . This he was peculiarly anxious for , because , as he loved his country much more dearly than he did earl St. Vincent , he considered a just and full enquiry to be the best means of securing it . If a committee should be appointed on it , he wished it to consist not of party men , as on the late occasion , but of proper people ( order ! order ! ) —He did not mean to say that any set of gentlemen would be actually partial . here interrupted the hon . admiral , as being disorderly in anticipating what sort of committee the papers might be referred to , before they were produced . said , that in fairness he must acquit the hon . admiral of being more out of order , in that instance , than others who preceded him ; but , he must at the same time inform the hon . admiral , that it was highly disrespectful to speak of committees appointed by the house , as if they were the nomination of any individual . after apologising , went on to proceed in nearly the same way , when he was again called to order by Mr. Dent . The hon . admiral said , he did not conceive himself irregular in adverting to what he meant to be the objects of his own motions ; when , the Speaker said , he must now imperatively interfere , and acquaint the hon . member , that he was not at liberty to pass by the subject of discussion , or refer to his own motions , till the present was disposed of . After some further conversation , the motion was agreed to . then moved a long string of motions , for `` the number of line-of-battle ships and frigates in commission , in 1793 , distinguishing their rates , & c. ditto , in 1794 , and from thence to the 18th of February , 1801-2-3-4 , and 5 , distinguish their rates , and whether in the king 's or merchants ' docks ; also the ships of the same 739 description out of commission ; the numbers building during these periods ; when launched , or likely to be launched ; ships laid down , and meant to be built ; the timber in store ; the quality of the articles , & c ; all of which were agreed to . then , in pursuance of a former notice , in order to probe things to the bottom , and draw a comparison between the administration of earl Spencer and the earl St. Vincent , moved , `` that there be laid before the house , a list of all persons raised to the rank of lieutenants in the navy , from lieutenants to captains and commanders , and from captains and , commanders to post captains , from the 1st of Jan. 1795 , to the 1st of Jan . 1804 . '' He said , that if the papers were agreed to , he should follow them up with a specific motion . thought it invidious to draw