be responsible that the Scotch members might not be disposed to place the 750 church of England upon a similar foundation ? The noble lord considered the experiment too desperate to be hazarded , and trusted their lordships would not make it . The principles established at the revolution were the landmarks by which he would advise their lordships to direct their conduct . The blessings they had enjoyed , by the operation of those principles , had not been equalled by the people of any country that had ever existed . The British constitution had stood firm amidst those storms by which Europe bad been convulsed during the critical times in Which it had been their lordships destiny to live . The interests of the church were so interwoven with those of the state , that the one could not be shaken without endangering the other . No substantial reason for the proposed innovation had been adduced , whilst much cause for remaining as we were was felt by every man . The people of England , he said , looked to the decisions of their lordships with an anxious expectation , and he trusted they would not be disappointed . Feeling as he did , that the prayer of the petition might be fatal to the title of the house of Brunswick to the throne of the united kingdom , his lordship would not place the noble lord upon the woolsack in the distressing predicament of presenting a bill to his majesty for his assent , which , exclusive of other important considerations , was calculated to destroy the permanent interests of his family . His lordship would be no party to such a proposition . By leaving the petition upon the table for so many weeks , the noble baron who introduced it , had given that time for deliberation that was due to the importance of the subject . He was persuaded , it had been fully , impartially , and most seriously considered . The result , in his mind , was a determination to vote against going into the committee . said , that the measure proposed would affect the whole empire , but more particularly Ireland ; therefore , several of the observations which he meant to make would specially relate to the measure , as it might peculiarly affect that country . The main object of the petition is power . In his opinion the Roman catholics already have as much power as they ought to possess under a protestant government , and therefore he would oppose the petition.—The concessions in 1793 , as to removing penalties , were wise , but , as to every thing beyond that , doubts might be entertained as to the wisdom of the measure . However , 751 it is to be observed , that the parliament of Ireland only gave the right to possess inferior offices , but did not transfer the power of the state . The concessions already made to Roman catholics have extended their influence , increased their demands , and multiplied their discontents . Nothing hitherto conceded has given them content ; what probability is there that any thing short of all will satisfy them ? To guard against their being superior in power , care must be used to prevent them being equal . The petition claims every thing ; refusing to commit it is : an answer to the claim of every thing . If there are minor concessions which might be safely granted , when the Roman catholics think fit to ask them distinctly as matters of favour , they may call for a distinct consideration . Catholics are not eo nomine excluded from holding any offices of the state , or from sitting in parliament . The obstacles which stand in their way are certain oaths , a declaration , and the sacrament of the Lord 's supper , according to the rites and ceremonies of the church of England , Which are to be taken by persons of every persuasion upon taking possession of office , and the same oaths and declaration to be taken