of advowsons , or too rapid a succession ensue , the legislature might hereafter interpose and check it , as it had already done . Many of the arguments of a noble viscount , he contended , operated for , instead of against going into a committee . The restriction , at present , he argued , operated unjustly , it referred merely to the number of the advowsons , without in the least considering their respective value . This part of an amelioration of the present system could but be considered in a committee , in favour of which proceeding , every thing advanced in argument , that night , decidedly tended . explained , that what he had said was , that there was no proof brought forward of the succession being too slow . contended that where a grievance was alleged , it should be established in proof ; the case in the present instance was one of evidence and fact , an adequate proof ought to be given . argued in favour of the measure , and urged the consideration of such a bill as the present in a committee , as particularly necessary . Adverting to the general state of parochial establishments ; he lamented there were so few parish churches in the western parts of the metropolis . Most of the chapels of ease were private property , and afforded no accommodation for the lower orders of the 454 people , and what was the consequence ? these persons either went to no church at all , or were constrained to frequent places of worship different from those of the established religion . He trusted these matters would be seriously considered by the legislature , and taken up at some future period , and also the consideration of the number of small and inadequate livings , and the impracticability of clerical residence in many of these . contended , that every thing that was advanced , were reasons for going into a committee on the bill ; they were in possession of adequate information , in order to proceed with the bill ; and the legislature , when it originally laid on the restriction , was not informed , as his noble friend opposite contended the house should have been , or the proportion of the numbers allotted would be very different ; he had no fears of too rapid a succession ever taking place ; the colleges had not the means of affording an opportunity for that ; but , he observed , that the patronage of the universities was always honourably and beneficially exercised . agreed with a noble baron ( Grenville ) , that the question before them was rather one of general reasoning , than proceeding upon particular information . The original restriction did not appear founded on the state of the respective colleges , or the proportion would be very different . In advancing this , he meant not the slightest reflection on the name of that great and venerable character who proposed it , whose name would be remembered as long as the law of England continued to be known . That his position was well founded , would clearly appear on comparing the allotted number of livings , viz . one half of that of the fellows of colleges in the universities , with the actual number of persons in each college capable of being so beneficed . Some of these ( referring , for example , to that which he had the honour to belong ) had the entire number of their fellows ecclesiastics , whereas others had not half their number clerical men . How , therefore , could the allotted proportion of one moiety apply equally or justly to both ? He agreed with the observations of the rev . prelates , on the scandalous traffic for church preferments , the extent and tendency of which did not seem to have been fully perceived by the illustrious author of the restriction , and which the noble and learned lord strongly reprobated as of the most 455 pernicious tendency . He had no fears of