; he thought he should not be allowed to pass with impunity . thought equal credit was due to those who first brought this business forward , and those who , when it was brought forward , decided on it according to what was due to the character of the house . He did not think that every printer should be allowed to appoint himself a censor of the proceedings of that house . He , however , did not wish the punishment to proceed any farther , but should be glad that a more seemly and becoming petition was presented to the house , than that which had been read . then said , he should move that the petition be negatived and returned to the petitioner , in order that another might be immediately presented which would be fitter for the house to receive . The first page of the petition would be fully sufficient . appeared to think the previous question would be the best way of disposing of it . thought that the previous question could not be put upon the motion in its present form . then said , he should negative the question , intending , however , to vote for the receiving a petition that might be unobjectionable immediately after . said he was a friend to the liberty of the press , and particularly as it related to subjects of a political nature , which were more important to be discussed than any other , as far as the interest of the public was concerned ; and for that reason he should be disposed to make greater allowance even for excess of liberty in those topics than in others , because they were more likely to lead men to a warmth of expression than any other , and because they ought to be discussed with greater boldness , and boldness of discussion naturally lead to excess , upon some occasions . He allowed also what had been hinted at already , that wherever any one was accused of misconduct , it was but fair that he should call his conduct , previous to that accusation , in aid of his case , as it might operate to soften the rigour of judgment against him ; and therefore he should , in a case like the present , be among those who were disposed to be most liberal ; for he wished to allow all possible latitude to political discussion . He therefore wished to see no attack made on the liberty of the press , for which reason he could have wished that this had not been 555 made matter of complaint ; but being brought forward , the house must dispose of it in the best manner it could . And hen he , with all his partiality for the liberty o the press , could not help observing , that that stile and mode of the petition were such as he should not wish to hear at the bar of that house . He trusted he should not often see a person , whose general conduct he mirth approve , making the sort of apology non offered to the house ; for although he admitted that an apology should not be too humble , yet , when it was made at all , it should have been made to the whole house of commons , for when any attack made upon it became subject to the censure of the house , the apology , whenever it was made , should be made not to one side of the house , but to the whole house , and if any person had incurred the displeasure of the house and made his apology , when he solicited its forgiveness , the apology should not be allotted to that party which usually constituted its majority , or with a view to procure to the petitioner the favour of those whom he might conceive constituted the majority of the house , for that was language totally improper for a supplicant . Now , if he recollected the words of the petition correctly , there