I certainly wished that the hon . gent . should pause upon it . Now , however , it does stand in a very different situation from what it did before . However , therefore , I might be disposed to pass over the paragraph which is now the subject of animadversion , I can not , in consistency with my duty , allow it to be passed slightly over , since it has been taken notice of . At the same time I agree very much in what has been said by an hon . gent . over against me ( Mr. Sheridan ) , that these things should not rashly be taken up , — and yesterday I adverted to this circumstance . If this has been tolerated long , I am certainly opinion that it is not altogether can did that one individual should be selected for the purpose of punishment . I would only remark , however , that the hon . gent . in his zeal to defend the press , in the present instance , has so far forgot himself , a $ to undervalue the trial by jury ; a thing no less sacred in this constitution than the house of commons . His argument went thus far , that it was needless to commit the matter to a jury , as they would not give a proper verdict in the case . With regard , however , to the question , whether this ought to be sent to a jury or not , the most proper time to consider that will be when the printer has been called in , and his apology heard . We shall hear in the first place what he has to say in his own defence , and then we may consider what will be the just and fair mode of proceeding . said , he could not easily be caught addressing the house in disrespectful language of an English jury . The construction just given to his remark was not correct ; in what he had said , he designed to do justice to the talents of 438 his friend , and equally to the perfect purity of intention its the jury he addressed . said , the conclusion of his right hon . friend was perfectly consistent with premises . said , he supposed we might then , have acquitted libellers , though we were not allowed to talk of `` acquitted felons . '' —Sir , it has never been my opinion , and I think my conduct has pretty well shewn it , that the liberty of the press should be rashly meddled with . But , however , when a gross breach of privilege is committed , it is not perhaps altogether proper that the offender should escape with impunity . Some allusion has been made to a prosecution by the attorney-general . It does not appear to use that this is the just mode of proceeding on a case of this nature . No court of justice ever , or at least very seldom , adopts the plan of a prosecution in the case of a contempt of court , but almost invariably proceeds by taking the punishment into its own hands . In a libel on the house of commons , therefore , the person who has written it ought more properly to be punished by this house , and it certainly is by no means advisable , that he should be sent to such a mode of trial as has beep alluded to , without strong grounds for so doing . But let me not , at the same time , be misunderstood . I am by no means disposed to favour the disposition to turn matters into contempt of court , which are in fact crimes of entirely a different nature . In this instance , however , it is clear that the offence resembles that of a contempt of court , and as such it ought to be punished by this house , and by no other . I have certainly not often thought it tit to