. But he did not wish to rest his justification on the partiality of his friends , or on that favourable opinion , which he was flattered , knowing a considerable portion of the house to entertain ; he wished the facts to speak for themselves . As to the other part of the motion , he did not think it would be proper to refer the whole of the report to the committee , as he understood that the second motion of the hon . gent . was to direct a prosecution by 404 the attorney general . If the enquiry was to be prosecuted by bill of discovery , as to the question of participation , it would be improper to refer that part of the report to the committee , or to establish two concurrent and collateral investigations . He did not think therefore , that any part of the report , which was to be the object of the bill of discovery , should be subjected to the enquiry of the committee . He was indifferent whether his object was to be attained by amendment , or by an understanding that such parts only of the report were to be submitted to the committee , as should not be the subject of investigation in the other course of proceeding . He had prepared some words , which he should move by way of amendment , as most consistent with form . The right hon . gent . then moved , `` That a select committee be appointed , to consider further of the matter contained in the tenth report of the commissioners of Naval Enquiry , so far as the same relates to the application of sums granted for navy services to other branches of the public service , as also to the irregularities committed in the mode of drawing the money granted for the service of the navy from the Bank , and to any communications that might have been made to the chancellor of the exchequer , or the lords of the treasury , relative to such irregularities ; and to the proceedings that might have been taken for recovery of the arrears due of the late Mr . Jellicoe . '' asked , if the house were to instruct the attorney general to commence a prosecution against lord Melville on any particular point , it would not be proper that that would also form a part of the enquiry of the committee ? There was another point which he thought would not go with propriety to the committee ; but would be better discussed in that house , and that was not a crimination , but an admonition to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) on his continuing Mr. Wilson in office . This naturally led him to remark , that it was not by the house going into an enquiry on the tenth report alone ; on the abuses in the military department , or in all the departments , that they could perform their duty . They could do their duty only by going into those enquiries seriously , and with an intent to persevere . If they were to go into enquiries , let them shew their sincerity by the persons whom they chose of the committee . Persons like the commission- 405 ers of naval enquiry , of fidelity , ability , and above all , courage ; who had not shrunk from their duty , even when it called on them to expose one of the most powerful men in this country.—If they were for enquiry , let them endeavour , if possible , to get men equal to these commissioners . If they had to employ the attorney general to prosecute , they could not doubt , from what they had seen of him , he would not be a very willing advocate . He had no doubt the very persons who had expressed an opinion against the commissioners of Naval Enquiry would still be of opinion that they ought to be continued ; yet this they would do not willingly . He