would be sown , and Ireland might be torn from her connexion with Britain , without which she is and must be incapable of enjoying wealth , tranquillity happiness , or any of the blessings of human life.—But when you talk of conciliating Ireland you have forgot to tell us where the discontent is . I know the country well , and I do not see it any where . If any gentleman has seen it ( and there are Irish representatives present from all parts ) , I wish he would get up and state it . No , Ireland is content , if you will not agitate her with ill-timed discussions ; and I will venture to say , that the rejection of this demand to-night will not cause a discontented thought , except in those very few , whose ambition has been buoyed up by the vain and selfish hopes of power and personal influence.— Further , if by conciliation is meant the giving satisfaction , why do you look to the catholic only , and forget that there is a million of protestants ? Will they be satisfied by your breaking down the barriers which secure their protection ? Remember that you have settled us in Ireland under the faith of that protection , that on that faith we claim as our inheritance all the blessings of that glorious constitution which our ancestors and yours have fought and bled for—the Hanover succession , the illustrious house of Brunswick on the throne , a protestant king with protestant counsellors , protestant lords , and protestant commons . This is what I call protestant ascendancy in the true sense of the phrase ; and while I can utter my voice in this house I will ever demand it for my country.—If then by granting this petition you endanger or even alarm the protestant , dissatisfaction , and not satisfaction , must be the result of the measure ; and among whom ? Among those who are and ever have been loyal both to church and state , and who swear allegiance to both , which those whom you are desired to admit as legislators decline.—I might rest here , having shewn you the futility of the only argument they dwell on ; but I will go further ; and when you are called on to give them political power , you are not to consider Ireland only ; you must look to the situation of England , where the catholics do not enjoy the same freedom as their brethren in Ireland do . Are they less meritorious ? Certainly not ; and before you give further privilege to the Irish , you must put them on the same footing , and confer on them in Britain the right of vot- 1005 ing for members , and all the other favours contained in the act of 1793 . You must , in the next place , if you accede to this petition for the Irish , make the English catholic admissable also into the highest offices , and to a seat in parliament ; and then the catholics of England , Ireland and Scotland may sit indiscriminately for every place throughout the whole empire into which they can find access by any means they may think most likely to obtain for them the favourable opinion of the electors . Will you not pause a little here , and reflect before you proceed ? Reflect that you have a protestant church , and how it would tremble under such a change ; that men who profess the catholic faith , and acknowledge a foreign potentate to have spiritual authority within the realm , can not be entrusted with framing laws for that protestant church , and the protection of the protestant establishment . On what foundation does that church stand ? Is it not on your laws ? Do not its rites , its worship , its possessions , its hierarchy , its pre-eminence , all depend upon the laws of the realm ? And are you ready to fill your legislative assemblies with catholics , with persons attached and