undertaking so arduous a task . When I consider the state of religion in Europe , of which perhaps three-fourths of the inhabitants are Roman catholics , I am astonished that such opinions respecting that religion can be maintained . Is it possible that any man can be found bold enough to say of three-fourths of the inhabitants of civilized Europe , that they are not to be believed upon oath ? Such an assertion implies , that Roman catholic nations are not only incapable of the relations of peace and amity , but unfit for any of the relations of society whatever . The existence of any such maxim supposes gross ignorance and barbarism in the people among whom it prevails . Every enlightened mind , every man who wishes well to his country , must treat it with scorn and indignation . When a bill was some time ago introduced respecting the army , I objected to the oaths it contained , on the ground that it was not fit to ask any man to take them ; but it will be extraordinary indeed , if those who insisted upon prescribing these oaths should now turn round , and declare , that they will not believe them when taken . When the petition I had the honour to bring into this house was first read , the clear and temperate statement of the case which it contains appeared to make a deep impression . I think I could see gentlemen say to themselves this is not the way I used to think of the Roman catholics . No , certainly not . It is not the way in which many used to 843 think , because they had received false impressions from persons who perhaps had an interest in misleading their judgment . But it has since been whispered , that the language of the petition signifies nothing , because it is subscribed only by laymen . I can assure the house , however , that there is no ground of any suspicion on this account . The reason why there are no names of priests in the petition is , because it relates only to civil rights ; on this account only , clerical persons thought it would be improper in them to subscribe it . The oath , however , has been taken by all the archbishops , bishops , and most of the priests of Ireland ; and if it be thought necessary that it should be taken over again , it will be taken . I , however , have always regarded the administration of the oath as improper , and I recollect having some difference of opinion with a late noble friend of mine on this subject , 1 mean lord Petre , from whom , had he sat in the house of lords , the established religion of this country would have had nothing to fear , for he would have only obtained more frequent opportunities of displaying his sincere attachment to the constitution . His lordship defended the oath , because it afforded the Roman catholics an opportunity of publicly contradicting the calumnies reported against them . I said , that that might be an object with him , but it was none with me , and that I did not wish such a law to remain on our statute-book . Having stated that I entirely disapprove of this oath , I must , however , inform the house , that I have at this moment , in my pocket , a letter from several of the archbishops and bishops , declaring that they have taken and signed the oath . They also declare , that it contains nothing contrary to the doctrines or faith of the Roman catholic religion , and that it is to be taken equally by the clergy and the laity ; but foreseeing that the fact of the oath being taken might be questioned , certificates have been sent from the courts before which it was administered . It is in these courts , therefore , a matter of record , and the authority of the