judgment till he should have seen the whole correspondence , which he would not have wished to bring forward , if he did not think it would clear his conduct . observed , that some topics , certainly not in an immediate manner connected with the question before the house , had been alluded to in the course of the debate . The learned doctor had reproached his right hon . friend near him , with catechising and putting questions to the hon . admiral who was at the head of the commission ; but it could not be out of the recollection of the house , that his right hon . friend had been pretty smartly attacked , and was therefore in some measure called upon to make a reply . He had been severely attacked , or at least severe allusions had been made to the subject of his 392 correspondence with the commissioners . He felt that he was bound to stand forward in his own defence , and he did ask whether the whole of his correspondence had been stated in the report ? The answer was , `` No , '' and the house would judge whether , in such case , his right hon . friend had not some claim to their indulgence . It had been said that his right hon . friend had withheld from the commissioners papers which it was necessary for them to possess , in order to prosecute their inquiry with success . If he ( Mr. Gibbs ) recollected the report as far as it touched upon this affair , it went merely to shew that his right hon . friend had objected to certain forms of proceeding , and had taken the advice of counsel whether he was bound to comply wtih the demands of the commissioners in this respect . He did not question the propriety of the demand of the commissioners , but had merely had a view to the practicability of complying with it in consistency with a proper regard to the conveniency of the public service . All the accounts , however , had been made out but one , and the papers had been presented to the commission . But from the manner in which gentlemen spoke of the act of parliament , and from the circumstance of one of the commissioners having stated that they took shame to themselves for not having imprisoned Mr. Wilson , one would think that persons were speaking of different acts . A clause had been introduced into this act , by which no person was bound to criminate himself . Yet it was contended , that those ought to be imprisoned who refused to answer questions that had this very tendency [ gestures of dissent from the other side ] . He was always very happy to be corrected if he was wrong , and from the gestures which he observed , he was inclined to think that he was mistaken . But he had certainly understood , that this was the meaning of what had been stated . But what was the use of this clause , if it were not intended that persons should avail themselves of it ? Upon their construction , it would be entirely nugatory , for the moment an answer was refused upon its authority , guilt was to be presumed . He could by no means take upon himself to say that under no circumstance could a person incur any legal guilt without having derived any private advantage from the circumstance he meant to conceal . Undoubtedly it might be possible to incur guilt by endeavouring to shelter others , and in vari- 393 ous other ways ; but he would be glad to know , how it was possible to take advantage of , this clause , and shelter himself under it , except by refusing to answer such questions as might involve him in pains and penalties ? What explanation could he give ? He could not enter upon explanations , because that , in effect , would be exposing himself to the very charge which