in fact , as , well as in law ; for their must be a perpetual contradiction between the duties of the one and the other . It is an important function of the great officers of state to attend with zeal and vigilance to the protection of our church establishment ; but 968 how could this obligation be discharged by those who deem it to be absurd , pernicious , profane , and fanatical ? It is true , I am not enabled , as many others are , from intimate and local knowledge , to speak to the present question ; but if the premises I have assumed are at all correct , the objection to the motion before the house is paramount to all the inferior circumstances of accident and locality . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , in his introductory address , told the house , that from some unfavourable events , the grants already made had produced the effect that might have been naturally expected ; and this disappointment he used as an argument for new concessions . In my mind , it operates in a way precisely the reverse : if what has been already given has not been beneficial to the persons to whom the donation was extended , there is little expectation that by them any future advantage from the proposition will be derived . An hon . member , who is an eloquent advocate of the cause he asserts , ( Mr. Grattan ) , has intimated there would be danger of separation between the sister islands , if this motion were rejected . In such a declaration he may have said much for the courage , but very little in favour of the loyalty , of the people of Ireland . I had hoped we should rather have seen some proofs of their gratitude and attachment for what has been conceded , than any indications of disgust and alienation for what is with-held . If I may make a comparative observation on the feelings of the catholies of the two countries , I should consider the disposition manifested by the English papists as much the more honourable , although the laws now complained of are more onerous to the English than to the Irish of that profession . The proportion of gentlemen of distinguished families , who are catholics , is much greater among the former than among the latter ; and hence the laws which restrict them from the executive and legislative situations are to them peculiarly severe . It has been said , that the subjects of that persuasion are deprived of their civil rights . True it is that one of the princes of the house of Stuart has been driven from the throne for misconduct , but upon what principle were his successors excluded ? It was because they were attached to the popish religion ; the protestant faith has become necessary part of our constitution , and we could not be governed by those who were inimical to it . The house has heard 969 much of virtual representation , and it is pretended the catholics of Ireland are not represented ; but nothing is more manifest than that they are admitted to the complete exercise of the elective franchise : and in this respect , at least , they enjoy every privilege possessed by protestants . I have understood that the hon . mover of this question is preparing the history of a very important and eventful period in the annals of this country . The favourite chapter to which I should direct his attention with peculiar pleasure , would be that in which so enlightened an author must contemplate the benign effects of the protestant religion , as conducive to the peace , order , and happiness of the community , and to the integrity and glory of the British constitution . The true question now is , if the privileges granted to catholics are to be extended ? The parliament of Ireland has acted with great wisdom in regard to this enquiry , and has granted to them