which were had in the case of the unfortunate gent . to whom he had alluded , and Whose life was taken away by the order of a military council ; and by which evidence he maintained , it would appear , that nothing could be more flagrant than those proceedings were ; that the life of Mr. Cornelius Grogan was taken away without the verdict of a jury , or trial by law that he Was tried by a military council , and that the members of the court Were not upon oath and that the necessary formalities were not observed , several omissions of which he enumerated , and 168 concluded with the motion as we have above stated . said , he should have wished that this motion had been made without some of the observations which had been made upon it ; he should have no objection to the information seemed to be required , if it led to any practical proceeding of the house to be founded upon it ; but the hon . gent . had mixed two things which are totally distinct in their nature : the proceedings of the court martial by which Mr. Grogan was tried and executed as a rebel , and afterwards the act of attainder , which was a proceeding in the parliament of Ireland , founded , not on the evidence of the court martial , but on evidence laid before the parliament itself , and such as had been held sufficient by that parliament to justify the act of attainder . He doubted whether there existed now any evidence , which the house could be satisfied with , to induce it to reverse that proceeding , and the hon . member had not stated what parliamentary use he intended to make of the information , such as it might be , after he should obtain it . For these reasons , and wishing not to deprive the hon . gent . of an opportunity to call for such information whenever he should make out a case to entitle him to its production , the noble lord moved , that the other order of the day be now read . imputed this opposition to a wish in the noble lord to shelter the administration , of which he was a member . He considered Mr. Grogan as a person who was justified in what he did under the authority of lord Coke and lord Hale , who laid it down as the law of our land , that a man may join rebels to save his own life , and continue with them under the terror of its loss , until he shall have an opportunity to escape ; this , he said , was the case of that unfortunate gent . He considered , therefore , that his execution was an act of murder , and that the attainder was an act of confiscation , founded on an act of murder . The noble lord 's apprehension fell short of the fact , when he supposed there was not evidence sufficiently formal to be laid before the house . He knew there was correct evidence of the whole proceeding . He had seen it . The hon . member contended that there was no want of documents , and pledged himself , if necessary , to find the evidence which it was his wish to submit to the house , as correct notes had been taken of it at the time . 169 Reverting to the court martial , the hon . member insisted that all the necessary formalities had not been complied with . He Would ask his majesty 's attorney general , if a person taken from the king 's prison , and not taken in any act of rebellion , was a legal subject of a court martial ? And yet this had been the case in respect to Mr. Grogan . He had not joined , but had been detained by the rebels . He would stake his credit , that the evidence he had moved for would bring to light such