his right hon . friend for not dismissing him . With what justice this was done , he left it to the fair judgment of the house to decide ; the legislature meant the clause as a clause of protection , and now the house were to be told , that the use of it was a proof of criminality . The legislature never could have such an object in view and , therefore , Wilson was not , from his silence , to be presumed guilty . without opposing the motion , rose principally with the view of vindicating the conduct of his right hon . friend the treasurer of the navy , from the aspersions which had been thrown out against him in the course of the evening . He thought his conduct respecting Wilson was , in the highest degree , commendable , and afforded a striking contrast to the conduct pursued by a 389 pay-master of the forces at a distance of time of rather more than thirty years . He himself at that time did belong to the treasury , and therefore what he was about to state was the more to be relied on . He recollected that two officers in the paymaster 's office were found guilty of gross fraud on the office with which they were connected . This appeared on a solemn examination by the lords of the treasury , who accordingly ordered them to be dismissed , and actions were instituted against them to recover their illegal gains in a court of law . One of them died before this process could be accomplished , but the survivor was actually cast in an action , and was confined in the King 's Bench prison . A change of administration took place , and those defaulters were actually re-placed . He recollected that an hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Fox ) , who was now so clamorous against the continuance of Wilson in his situation , was violent against a proposition for condemning them , declaring , as far as he could remember , `` Gracious God , will you condemn people without hearing them ? Will you suppose them guilty without even listening to any proofs of their innocence ? '' He wished to know , then , on what principles the hon . gent . could reconcile his present conduct with his former appeals in favour of justice and humanity . in explanation , professed that he had not at that time a perfect recollection of the transaction to which time hon member alluded . If he recollected right , however , the two persons were , at the time the vote passed in the house , actually sub judice . If , however , the hon . member had any wish to push the matter farther , he , for his part , was ready to discuss it on another occasion in all its features and relations . —The right hon . gent . the present treasurer of the navy , thought proper to assert on a former occasion , that certain explanations were given by Wilson to the commissioners , which satisfied them of the manner in which he had conducted himself during the examination . Now , sir , it is proper for me to state , that no such explanations ever took place , and so much the reverse of being satisfied were the commissioners , that they almost take shame to themselves for not ordering him to prison for the manner in which he gave his evidence . I think it necessary for me to make this declaration , standing as I do 390 in the character of a servant of the public ; and certainly such conduct as Wilson 's on his examination before us is much to be condemned . If questions are put , and answers are thus to be refused—if inquiries respecting the application or mismanagement of the public money are to be trifled with , there is no utility in appointing commissioners of naval or military enquiry . We have the head of a board who refuses