the opinion stated by the learned gent. , who had been through the whole of his life against granting them redress , must they not have expected that the passing of the union was to be the signal for the redress of their grievances ? In a printed speech , too , ( printed in a way which might entitle it to be referred to as some authority ) of a noble lord who once filled the chair of this house ( lord Sidmouth ) , this passage of the learned gent . 's letter is referred to in support of the opinion , that no restraints would be necessary after the union . If , then , that noble lord drew this inference , what conclusion was it to be expected the Roman Catholics themselves should form ? At that time , then , it appeared to be thought that the repeal of these laws would be a measure of safety to the British empire ; and yet they remain in the same situation . I state not this as any reproach to the right hon . gent . opposite to me ; but what must the 850 catholics think , when they find that those who most favoured the union , and who , on account of the measures then in contemplation , held up that event as eminently calculated to promote the well being and security of the British empire , opposed their hopes ? What the circumstances were , which prevented this question being then brought forward , I shall not attempt to discuss , because I do not pretend to know them ; but I must observe , that its delay might have led to the very worst consequences . The catholics , however , have shown by their conduct that they are guided by principles which merit the highest encomium . Their disappointment has not made them resort to popular clamour or tumult . They have brought forward their claims in the most constitutional manner , and they rely with confidence and respect on the justice of this house . The presenting of the present petition is a pledge of the propriety of their conduct ; and though my motion should not this night be acceded to , they will still have gained something , by having an opportunity afforded them of stating their opinions . A great and respectable part of the people of the empire are now in favour of their claims . The people of England will soon be completely convinced of the propriety of granting them all they demand ; and antiquated prejudices , which it is my lot to expose in 1805 , and which were doubtful in 1669 , will be completely done away.—Hitherto I have said nothing of a kind of mysterious objection which has been lately started . I have been asked— '' Why do you bring on this question when success is impossible ? '' Another tells me , `` I like the measure as well as you ; but why press it when there is no chance of success ? '' Why , I know of no circumstance that should render it impossible to carry this question in this house ; and there would at least be a little better chance of success , if all those gentlemen who are in favour of the measure would favour us with their votes . I have been told that the repeal of these laws is conceived to be contrary to his majesty 's coronation oath . Now , sir , were I to propose any thing which would be a violation of his majesty 's coronation oath , I should not only think myself a disloyal subject , but a dishonest man . But how absurd would it be to suppose that parliament , who made that oath for the king to take , should understand it to bind bins to refuse his assent to future acts which they might present to him ! The oath , as framed by parliament , was admi- 851 nistered to king William , and statutes now proposed to be