of the house of lords . Really , sir , I have a strong repugnance to enter into all the disgusting particulars of the conduct of this person with whom I had once some slight connection ; God knows , it was a connection of hostility ; but after what appears on the face of this report , I should be ashamed of myself if I belonged to the same class Of society with him . What is any honourable man to think of a person , who either refuses to answer a plain question , or who answers it equivocally and under reservation ? Did you derive any advantage from the use of the public monies in the hands of your paymaster ? 'To the best of my recollection I never did . '—Now , the hon . gent.s ' objection to this is , that the noble lord should have occasion at all to mention his recollection , on the subject . He should have been confident . There are some cases where a man may be allowed to speak as to his recollection , while in others , to mention it is to betray him . If a man were asked whether he was on a particular night in a particular room with John a Noakes , it might he very well to answer , that to the best of his recollection he was not , but if he , were asked whether John a Noakes did not charge him with an attempt to pick his pockets , and kick him out of the room—what would be the inference if he were to answer that John did not , `` to the best of his recollection ? '' . With respect to the noble lord 's offer to swear positively that he did not 316 profit from the misappropriation of the public money , it was remarkable that his offer was confined to the period in which Mr. Douglas , who was now dead , was paymaster of the navy , but did not at all extend to the paymastership of Mr. Trotter . What was the conclusion then to be drawn from this ? Why , that he was ready to make oath as to the paymastership of Douglas , because he was dead , but did not think proper to swear as to Trotter , because he was alive.—As to the letter which has been brought forward , and which , in my opinion , only aggravates and confirms his guilt , we never heard any thing of it , although his examination took place in Nov. , until a few days previous to the day appointed for his trial . It is said that lord Melville never saw it till it was in print . Can any one believe it ? Is it credible that the noble lord never had the curiosity to dispatch some confidential friend to make an extract of that part of the report which he had good reason to suppose must refer to him ? When , indeed , he finds the effect of it on the public mind , when he finds that there is not a man , woman , or child , in every corner of the kingdom , in whose mouth the tenth report is not to be found ; then , in order to do away the impression of it , he comes forward with his letter . But what can he now gain by this last shift of his ? Nothing at all . But if he was suffered to avail himself of the delay he sought for , would not the country feel that the house of commons favoured public abuses , screened a great and criminal delinquent , and that our navy , the greatness and glory of the nation , was still possessed by that very man ? Then in what respect would the government be held in the eyes of the people , and of foreign nations , should this man , in a state of accusation and suspicion , be suffered to hold his present high situation , when