: the latter must confine its attention to the immediate matter charged ; the former might extend its examination according to the new lights received , and the unexpected circumstances disclosed in the progress of the affair . What was to be attained by the proposed juridical proceeding ? Restitution . True . But restitution was a very inferior object . The leading design was to exhibit a terrible example of the consequences of public delinquency . The table of the house was already crowded with petitions , indicative of the public sentiments . Would the commons of England disregard the opinions , and disappoint the expectations of the people ? Would they yet do more , and abandon the sacred duty with which they were entrusted ? Was the house afraid to confide in its own committee , 415 and should the members of it be fettered by needless restrictions ? He sincerely hoped the right hon . gent . would not persist in his amendment , but if he did , that the house would assert its own dignity and independence , and justify the hopes of the nation . said , that although he had taken no part in the proceedings hitherto , ( being withheld from considerations which were perfectly justifiable in his own mind , ) he could not refrain from making a few observations on some parts of the evidence contained in the report of the commissioners , as it had given place to much misapprehension , It was a great misfortune in itself , for any individual to fall under the censure of that house , and it needed not to be aggravated by representations which , by implication , went even to a charge of constructive perjury against one of the persons who was an object of the resolutions . Mr. Trotter had stated before the commissioners , upon oath , that all the drafts made on the bank , were strictly conformable to the provisions of the act . The evidence of Mr. Abraham Newland , who must be considered as a host of credit and presumed accuracy , was directly opposed to that of Mr. Trotter , and it needed not to be insisted upon , on which side the public , and possibly the house , might lean in respect to these contrasted facts . It occurred however , that after the resolutions had been voted , an honourable member who was himself a bank director had expressly stated in his place , on the second night of the debate , that upon an accurate examination of the books of the Bank , it appeared that all the drafts of the treasurer and his deputy had been drawn in strict conformity to the act , and consequently that . Mr. Newland was mistaken in the evidence he gave before the commissioners . This important fact was adduced by the honourable member in justification of the bank , of which he was director ; but it is fair also to refer to it in exculpation so far of Mr. Trotter , who otherwise must labour under a suspicion of having sworn what was untrue . It appeared that Mr. Newland was not charged with the department in which the drafts were presented . A right honourable friend below him had disclaimed all vindictive measures , and observed that the proposed proceedings in the exchequer might possibly go to the ruin the individual , in the present in- 416 stance , without answering completely the ends of public justice , which might possibly be better effected by the appointment of a committee with full powers , at least in the first instance . Another hon . gent . had expressed feelings highly creditable to himself in declaring that his commiseration for those who fell under the weight of the recorded displeasure of this house , went hand in hand with his desire to pursue all that justice required ! The hon . baronet therefore trusted that no prejudice would operate on the minds of any gentleman within that house , but that those who had fallen under its censure would be