they live ; that they pope can not give them dispensation from that allegiance ; but they are bound to fight for and protect their king and his govern- 1011 ment against all enemies , even though the pope himself should enter the kingdom at the head of an invading army . ) Mr. Ponsonby continued— If these , sir , are not satisfactory renunciations and abjurations of all those absurd tenets which have been attributed to these people , then , I think , no such can be framed . I believe there is not a parish priest in Ireland who has not taken this oath , and God forbid they should think they were not bound to perform and strictly adhere to it ! But , sir , if this dreadful character of the catholics were true , I think the protestants in Ireland must be the strangest set of beings that ever were formed . There are , sir , at this very moment , according to the articles of the union , a certain number of noblemen and gentlemen who come over to this country to attend their duty in parliament ; there are , perhaps , somewhere about one hundred , and these , most of them , leave their property , their children , and even in some cases their wives , under the care and protection of catholic servants ; and if these were the wretches which some persons describe the lower orders of the Irish catholics to be , we should be the most unfeeling and careless guardians of all that is most dear to human nature , to trust them in the care and custody of those who are under the immediate influence of their priests , and these men not to be believed on their oaths ! But , sir , I will be bold to say , never was there so foul a misrepresentation , and so grass a Calumny , as this against the Irish catholics . There never was a race of men in Europe who would preserve so much of what is good under so much oppression . I know them . well ; and I know , at the some that whatever there is of good in them , they owe to themselves , —whatever there is bad in them , they owe to you . Yes , sir , I will say , it is owing entirely , to your bad government . I have many friends and near connections here for Whom I feel the highest respect , and most affectionate regard . I love this country , sir , and would do every thing in my power to serve it ; but I will not flatter it . You have governed Ireland badly . That country has long appeared to you in the light of what has been vulgarly called `` a bore . '' You have viewed it as a cast-off , not worthy your notice or regard , and so ministers got rid of the trouble of it , they did not care how , or in what way . I believe , sir , I can trace the origin of this misgovernment of Ireland to ancient times , and that its rise is to be attributed to commercial jealousy . In days of yore , those who composed the mer- 1012 cantile world were imbued with the notion , that the poorer you could make other countries , the richer would be your oven . England unfortunately imbibed this notion . At the time of the revolution there was a dispute between two families which should possess the government of this country , and Ireland became most unfortunately involved in the contest . I do not mention this , sir , with any intention of throwing the smallest degree of blame or censure on your ancestors . I merely adduce it as a matter of historical fact , to show haw the Irish have been treated for so long a series of years . From those who are mere men , you can not expect the actions of superior