if he did believe it to be unfounded , what merit had he in defending the gallant officers ? It was no more than an indispensible duty to those whom he had employed on a difficult service , which they executed with promptitude , vigour , and success . If this be merit , it is impossible to say , sir , how far the line of obligation may be extended.—An hon . gent . under the gallery ( Mr. Samuel Thornton ) , has given a curious reason for voting for the resolutions on Monday night , on which it is impossible for me not to make a few observations . He says , that he voted for the motion conceiving the noble lord guilty of a certain degree of negligence and inattention . I confess I am utterly astonished at such a declaration , after attending to the language of our resolution , that the noble lord had been guilty of a gross violation of an act of parliament , and a high breach of duty . Surely , sir , this heavy charge is not to be confounded with inattention and negligence . How the hon . member could have misunderstood them , is to me incomprehensible , as they were particularly objected to on the other side of the house , With respect to the resolutions , it appears to me that they complete the criminal part of the charge against the noble lord , and I am not at present for pressing any further proceedings in that way . If the attorney general is to proceed against him for refunding the money , derived from profits of money misapplied , this will be by civil , and not by criminal action , for recovery of money is always ranked among the civil actions . The same observation will apply to any action for recovering grants obtained under false pretences . I have the less objection to press the motion in the mean time , on the grounds of the pledge which the rt . hon . gent . has night so distinctly given to the house . I find , sir , after a careful examination , that during his majesty 's long reign , now a period of nearly forty-five years , only the late duke of Devonshire and 361 myself , have been dismissed his majesty 's councils , and I assure you , sir , we want no such person as the noble lord to be our associate . I had almost forgotten Mr. Grattan , who had the like fortune in Ireland . I believe the representatives of the late duke of Devonshire would have no objection , and I am sure I should be proud in his joining our small circle . None of us could , however , be proud of any connexion with such a man as lord Melville has shewn himself to be throughout his whole career of life . I have said , sir , that I would not now press the motion to a discussion , in consequence of the right hon . gent . 's pledge , but I should be grieved indeed to see the resolutions passed without being followed by some lasting result . Such a work as that which we on Monday accomplished must not be suffered to pass away unimproved . From one end of the empire to the other the people Will rejoice in the hope that a better system is a about to be adopted , and we must not let their just expectations be disappointed . It is necessary for us by making lord Melville a signal mark of the vengeance of this house to shew the country that we are indeed their representatives ; that we are determined equally to watch over their property and their liberties . The public have received our work with the purest gratitude , but is there no part of this great work to belong to the government ? —Is his majesty to have no opportunity of manifesting his paternal interests on the subject ? In What situation do we leave