offices refused to take . In the one case there was obviously no danger while in the other every thing was to be apprehended . He would put it to the house whether such a distinction in favour of the catholics would be consistent with commons policy or justice—to require of one class of subjects a test of qualifica- 713 tion , which another , claiming equal privileges , refused to subscribe . He would ask whether such a proceeding could be reconcileable with the principles of policy which governed our ancestors ? Between the Roman catholic clergy and laity , the noble lord stated , that there was a very marked distinction . The clergy—they were to be considered in quite different points of view . The clergy formed a great compact body , standing in open defiance of the law—exercising an authority which the law did not sanction , and considering the protestant clergy as usurpers ( here there were marks of disapprobation from the opposition benches ) . The noble lord resumed , and repeated his last assertion . In support of this assertion he would appeal to any noble lord who was acquainted with Ireland . The catholic clergy , he knew , denominated the learned prelate on the bench above him ( the Archbishop of Armagh ) simply Dr. Stuart . These clergy always called themselves the regular successors of the ancient bishops of the country . They took their titles , used their insignia , and assumed every thing appertaining to the prelacy that was not prohibited by law . In a petition once presented to the house of commons of Ireland , they put their signatures as regular bishops , and there was only one man in that assembly ( Dr. Duigenan ) .who had the spirit to notice this gross and insulting violation of the law . Such was the state of the catholic hierarchy , that he must deprecate any increase of their power . They already possessed an authority of great extent—an authority too , enforced by the most dreadful means—that of excommunication . This excommunication was of such a nature that the poor victim whom it denounced , might starve in the street before any catholic would communicate with or instance where a poor person , who had been excommunication would have actually starved , if it had not been for the benevolence of a protestant divine , who supplied him with subsistence . There was another instance of the exercise of this extraordinary power which had come to his knowledge . Two catholics were married by a protestant clergyman . This being heard of by the parish priest , he reported it to the bishop . The persons who had been married were immediately summoned to appear before the catholic vicar-general of the diocese , and the protestant clergyman , consulting the peace of his parish , and perhaps his own safety , with that of the parties summoned , advised them to submit to the 714 summons . They accordingly waited on the vicar-general , expressed their contrition and readiness to make any submission in their power . But no , the vicar-general was inexorable , and this couple was excommunicated for having been married according to law . But this was not all , such as should have any communication with them , were to be excommunicated also . The man , however , being a person with whom many were in the habit of communicating , it was reported to the bishop , and above 200 persons , men and women , were from 20 miles distance summoned before the vicar-general . They accordingly obeyed , but somehow the vicar was so much appeased as not to impose the excommunication . He however inflicted a penance , which was , that each person should perform a pilgrimage of 30 miles : that is , from what are called Holy Wells , in Ireland , to another , each bearing a label , specifying the cause for which such penance was imposed . Things similar to this frequently happened in Ireland , and such was the