the hon . gent . has applied to me for information whether I have dismissed Mr. Trotter from the employment which he held under me in the navy pay office ? I have told him that I have done so . After the decision of the house on Monday night , I could not have a moment 's hesitation . Some gentlemen thought proper on a former evening to animadvert in terms of severity on my having retained Mr. Trotter in office , after the accusations , relative to which the house have decided , had been published against him . But of my conduct in that instance , I trust every candid man will approve . Mr. Trotter I considered on his trial , and whatever my own opinion might have been of the nature of the charge against him , and the degree of his guilt , it struck me that it would be extremely unfair to prejudice the public mind against his case by dismissing him under such circumstances . He stood in such a situation that I could not feel it consistent with public justice , to fix a seal of infamy upon the man by dismissing him 337 while his trial was pending . But the moment the sense of this house was known , when I no longer could prejudice a man whose guilt , till declared by a competent tribunal , I should have felt it unfair to prejudge by any act of mine , I removed Mr. Trotter ; and my reasons for not removing him before that sense was known , will , I have no doubt , be deemed satisfactory by every dispassionate mind.—Nay , I have little doubt that although a learned gent. ( Mr . Ponsonby ) remarked with such severity on my conduct on a former evening , that hon . gentleman himself will , upon a little reflection , if he possess the mind and feelings of a British lawyer , be ready to confess that he was wrong , and that to have taken a different course from that which I have pursued would have been unfair , tyrannical , and oppressive . With regard to Mr. Wilson , who holds a secondary station in the navy pay office—to him I do not conceive that any imputation attaches , that would warrant me in acting towards him in the manner which the hon . gentleman desires . On the contrary , I consider Mr. Wilson to be one of the most industrious and deserving servants of the public . But , says the hon . gentleman , Mr. Wilson is reported by the commissioners as having given a reluctant testimony ; as having refused to answer questions , lest they should tend to criminate himself . Sir , the conduct of Mr. Wilson before the commissioners of naval inquiry has been thus explained to me ; and not to me only , but if I am not much misinformed , to the naval commissioners themselves , I speak in the presence of one of them ( sir C. Pole ) , who will correct me if I am wrong , though they have not thought fit to report that part of Mr. Wilson 's evidence . Mr. Wilson acted occasionally , in the absence of the paymaster , and used to sign drafts in the usual form on the bank , for the money wanted for the office . If there was any legal guilt in the manner of executing this part of the duty of the paymaster , and that there was legal guilt in it must not now be doubted , since the house has so decided , Mr. Wilson , so far as he acted in this respect for the principal , participated in that legal guilt , and was liable , or thought himself liable , to whatever might be the legal consequence of it . That he had ever acted with a view to private emolument , has not been supposed or charged against him . His evidence upon oath expressly denies that imputation . The share which he had