that their lordships , in their decisions , were to be deaf or insensible to what they be , lieved to be the general sentiment and opinion of the large body of the public . He believed that that sentiment was at present de- 774 cidedly hostile to the measure ; he did not rely merely upon the adverse petitions upon the table , but upon the notoriety of the fact he believed that if the motion was adopted , a degree of uneasiness and discontent would arise to which no one could be able to look without apprehension and anxiety as to the consequence . He did not , however , look to the continued duration of such sentiments , but spoke only as to their present existence . He objected further to the motion of the noble lord , as its object was single and separate : it went merely to take into consideration the subject matter of the petition , with the avowed view of granting the concessions in question . Those concessions ought at no time to be made without connecting other matters with them . A noble and learned Lord ( Redesdale ) , who had just spoken in explanation , had stated that the Irish Roman catholic hierarchy existed contrary to the law : if that was the case , he inferred that the law not being enforced resulted from prudential considerations , and that it might possibly be found upon a general settlement that the catholics might also have concessions to make . How absurd therefore would it be in their lordships thus immediately and hastily to make these concessions , and thereby limit the means and increase the difficulties of a final arrangement and settlement at a future opportunity ? He thought that the Irish Roman catholics publicly and ordinarily calling themselves by titles and appellations which by the law of the land belonged to others was very offensive to the law . Perhaps , in any attempt to come to an amicable settlement of existing differences , they might agree to discontinue or moderate such practice ; perhaps . in such an arrangement they would consent to have their bishops nominated by his majesty , a measure in his mind eminently calculated to connect the catholic body with the government ; and to give to each a common interest and a common feeling , and to remedy many existing evils . This , however , would be a concession on the part of the catholics , and , one perhaps which they might not be disposed to make , if we should thus in the first instance have inconsiderately granted all that they require us to concede to them . He doubted much whether the great body of the Irish Roman catholics had really wished this question now to have been brought on . Mr. M'Kenna , an Irish Roman catholic writer of much celebrity , whose opinions could not but have much weight with his brethren , unequivocally expressed in a recent publication his wish that 775 the matter should have been entirely left to parliament . He had also intimated an idea that conscientious doubts and difficulties prevailed upon this subject in the mind of the first authority in the state ; and had expressed himself with great sensibility upon that point . He would not pretend to say how far such doubts and difficulties might or might not be founded : but if such feeling and such sensibility could pervade the breasts of Irishmen ( who were more distant from the seat of government ) and catholics , they could not be strange to the minds of Englishmen and protestants ; and if their lordships should experience them , they could not but afford an additional inducement for pausing in the present proceeding . Having always felt an ardent desire that this question should receive an impartial and a favourable discussion , he could not but lament what he felt to be its premature introduction . He feared that it might give a check to opinion , and betray individuals into an hasty expression of a hostile sentiment