expedient . He had never represented himself as so absorbed in business , that he had no moment and no day which he could devote to this branch of his parliamentary engagements . He had frequently acted in such situations : he was named for one on the civil list ; for another of considerable consequence relating to barley grain in Scotland ; and he had sufficient time to form his opinion , and to assist in the preparations of the report . He trusted then he was not to be considered as unqualified , and he hoped it was not thought on every frivolous pretence he was disposed to abandon any duty , which it was fit that a member of that house should perform . Certain he was , that he had never deserted any situation of this kind in which he was called upon to act , but on account of its interference with his indispensable engagements in some other place . He was on a secret committee in 1794 , upon another in 1799 , but if he were unfit for such a charge as that now proposed , he should with great pleasure submit to the direction of the house . Many years he had enjoyed the honour of being a member of that house , but he had never made extravagant professions ; he was convinced his character must depend , not upon self-applause , but upon conduct . If he had never vaunted of high qualities to the disparagement of others , he had not wholly disclaimed party feelings and party principles , and he should rather think the worse of that man who was destitute of either . If , by the peculiar circumstances he was now called upon to vindicate his own honour , he would publicly proclaim , that he never in that house uttered a sentiment he did not conscientiously feel ; when he expressed his opinion , that the Sheriffs of Middlesex should not be punished before they were heard by their counsel , whatever might be attributed to him , he was influenced by no party bias ; he imputed to neither side improper motives ; he had a more fit employment in regarding the purity of his own . He was discussing a most unpleasant topic , he was speaking of himself—a subject , he 518 hoped he should never again have occasion to recur to . He could confidently assert he had never given the sanction of his authority ( humble , indeed , it was ) in the support of any principle , of which , in his conscience , he disapproved . If he were objected to for his deportment , it must be in the house , not in the committee ; the members of these select establishments had no option , they had only to exercise common sense on the evidence that was produced before them . He apologised to the house , the rather because he did not rise to speak to the question , but to that part of the hon . gentleman 's address which appeared to convey some imputation on his ( the Master of the Roll 's ) character , but at the same time he acquitted that hon . gentleman of any design either to misrepresent his conduct or his motives . lamented he had been so unsuccessful as not to make himself understood ; he thought it was impossible for any man to apply a construction , on what was said , in the smallest degree disrespectful to the right hon . and learned gentleman . observed , that whatever influence the treasury might have used in circulating lists , it certainly had not done more than the hon . gentleman had done by circulating the lists which he had brought down the other day . In his list , every man named had voted against lord Melville ; and did this shew a greater degree of impartiality than that list which had been ascribed to the treasury ? was at all times happy to pay due deference to the usage of the house