petition which was before the house . If the hon . member who had himself brought forward this business , was content on the night he brought it forward with the small measure of punishment that was mentioned , or rather with the no punishment , it was not competent to him now to go back and argue that a severe punishment should be inflicted for that offence . The hon . gent . took great credit to himself for being so ready to comply with the suggestion of a light punishment ; he should also have given equal credit to the conduct of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) on that occasion . Whatever feelings he might have had in bringing the business forward , was best known to himself ; but it was most clear that nothing but a sense of duty to the house could have governed the conduct of his hon . friend on that occasion . Whatever might be the motives of the apparent lenity of the very persons who complained of the libel , it was evident that the motive of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) in suggesting a more serious punishment was , that he conceived it due to the character and dignity of the house , and that even when he was himself in a minority , he felt that the decisions of the majority ought to be treated with the highest respect . As to the part of the petition which contained complimentary expressions towards the speaker , although strictly speaking the petitioner was not to be supposed to know that it had been dwelt on as an aggravation of his offence that he had spoken so disrespectfully of a decision which was determined by the casting vote of the speaker , yet he did not suppose that any member could so adhere to strict formality , as to censure the petitioner for merely answering a charge that had been made against him . Although it might , at first sight , appear somewhat ludicrous to hear 549 the petitioner complimenting the private character of the speaker , yet if that had been left out , and the compliment was only to his situation as presiding over this house , the omission might be complained of with more reason , and would appear to convey something of a reflection on his private character . He wished , however , now , that the editors of papers in general , not only those who conducted daily , but those who published weekly papers , should take notice , and receive warning that a great change had taken place in the system of forbearance that had hitherto been adhered to . Justice , impartial justice , must be done on both sides . A new æra had now begun , and if any general clamour should be raised with respect to the abridgment of the liberty of the press , it must be recollected by the house and the country , on which side of the house these prosecutions first commenced , and who it was who began them . As the petitioner had defended , with mistaken zeal , the man who had been the victim of the anger of that house , was it unfair for him , in extenuation , to shew the causes which had produced that zeal which drew upon him the displeasure of that house ? It was certainly fair in him to point out the reason why he entertained so great a partiality for lord Melville ; to state the services which that noble lord , and those with whom he acted , had rendered to the country ; and it was not extraordinary , or unnatural , that any member of the community , who felt strongly that the salvation of the country , and the protection that he enjoyed in common with all his fellow subjects , was owing to the salutary laws which were then enacted to be strongly impressed with gratitude for those services , and to undertake zealously , although imprudently , and perhaps