Had said there was no regular trial , and had described all the forms of a trial . In this case the witnesses were the accounts of the persons accused , and the parties were called upon , and had every opportunity given them . `` Can you make out the answer in June ? '' `` No . `` — '' Can you do it in July ? '' `` No . '' `` Have you any thing to say or to shew in your favour ? '' `` Nothing . '' The trial was as fair as the nature of the transaction admitted . What more trial could they have before the committee of the house ? Was this sort of language used respecting the report of the commissioners of accounts ? As to the errors the right hon . gent . Had endeavoured no argument of weight against the commissioners , since the very documents on which the right hon . gent . Reasoned were furnished by the commissioners themselves . It was his pride that he had been a member of the last administration , to which that commission of inquiry was owing ; and he called on all those gentlemen who supported that administration , particularly in that measure , to come forward now and support the commissioners in the hour of their need.—When the right hon . gent had concluded , the Master of the Rolls and Mr. Canning rose at the same time , but Mr. Canning first caught the eye of the speaker . said , that on any other occasion he should undoubtedly have given way to his hon . and learned friend , but after the speech he had just heard from the high authority of the hon gent . Whom he had succeeded in the office he now held , and considering that the present question related peculiarly to that department of administration which he was most intimately connected with , he felt particularly anxious to deliver his sentiments on this occasion . He observed that the house , in its usual love of justice , would give an opportunity to 297 inquire , whether the whole of the charge now exhibited against the noble lord might not be done away , or was capable of being done away ? And if they thought so they could not possibly vote for the motion proposed by the hon . gent . But what was the alternative ? That the house should come to a final determination on the subject , by which all possibility of explanation would be excluded . Now , upon that subject he could not help saying , that the mode proposed by his right hon . friend was the true way to answer the purpose of justice , by instituting an inquiry , with all the circumstances of the case on both sides , which hitherto had not been done . But the right hon . gent . Who spoke last had stated to the house , that the mode proposed by the original motion was recommended by a late precedent in the proceedings of the house on the subject of the Middlesex election ; in that case the house had decided that it would not proceed in the examination of evidence at the bar , but took up the case on the report of a committee , and adopted its statement upon the ground that the evidence which was adduced before the committee was upon oath , and that which was to be heard at the bar must be without oath—that the case was the same here , for that the evidence before the committee of naval inquiry was upon oath , but if the house heard any further evidence upon that subject , they must take it without that sanction . Now , begging pardon of that right hon . gent. , the two cases had no common nature , or indeed any resemblance to each other . The decision on the late case of the Middlesex election , in which the house had adopted the report of the committee , and concluded upon