a libel as this is before the house , I certainly do think this a more serious libel than many others , and confess that it has made a stronger impression on me for exactly the reason that has been stated , of its not being in favour of my own side of the question ; not however , because I am myself indivi- 443 dually concerned , but because I think that libels are much more serious when they are most agreeable to the executive power ; for , in that case , there are strong suspicions that they may possibly come from those who receive the pay of the goverment . defended the sentiments which be had formerly expressed , but spoke so low , that we could not follow him in the particulars.—The motion was then put , and carried without a division . Mr. Atkins Wright then moved , `` that Mr. P. Stuart be called to the bar , reprimanded , and discharged . '' observed , that if it was the general sense of the house that a libel of this nature should be passed over in this manner , he had no objection to the motion . He was of opinion , however , that when the house interfered , its sentence ought to be something heavy . The paragraph in question had been voted a high breach of privilege by the house , and the author ought therefore to meet with some marks of the displeasure of the house . However , he should be sorry to urge any greater severity than the house thought necessary ; and he would therefore be perfectly satisfied with whatever the house judged proper . If , then , the house , after hearing the apology that had been made , if it was an apology , should think it proper to agree to the motion , he had no objection . was sorry , that in this instance he should be compelled to propose a greater degree of severity than what had been mentioned ; but he felt that he should not have done his duty to the house , if he allowed the matter to rest here . However much therefore he might be disposed to lenity , as far as the individual was concerned , yet he could not forget what was due to the dignity of the house . After having once resolved that a person had been guilty of a high breach of privilege , he could not , in consistency with the dignity of the house be instantly discharged . He thought therefore , that in the first instance , the author of the paragraph should be committed , and then , it he made a proper submission , as he had no doubt be would , he should consent to discharge him at the earliest possible period . He then moved , `` that the said Peter Stuart be for his said of , fence taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms . '' The motion was agreed to , and Mr. P. Stuart was immediately 444 taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to a transaction , which , if the circumstances were as had been stated to him , deserved the serious attention of the house . In 1795 , government had thought proper to give orders to seize neutral vessels going to France with provisions . These vessels and the cargoes had been consigned , after a part of the provisions had been taken for the use of government , with the remaining cargoes to Mr. Claude Scott , to be disposed of for the public account . He was informed that the produce of the sale , amounting to two hundred thousand pounds , had been suffered to remain in the hand 's of Mr. Scott , down to the year 1800 . During this period , Mr. Scott had frequently supplied government with corn to a large amount , which there was reason to suppose he