family , '' declining to adopt the expressions which the English Roman catholics had no hesitation to make use of , in the 31st George III . cap . 32d , `` which succession is limited to the princess Sophia , & c. and the heirs of our body , being protestants . '' In the one case the oath binds to the support of a protestant succession ; in the other case it leaves an opening for the possibility of a Roman catholic succession . Can it be supposed that the Roman catholics , if possessed of considerable political influence and power , would not seek an exemption from contributing to the support of the protestant clergy ; a church establishment for the Roman catholic clergy equally splendid , permanent and independent as that of the laws of the Roman catholic church , and of the competence of the authority of their courts ? Thus tithes must be annihilated , or divided between the protestant and Roman catholic clergy , and the supremacy of the pope , or , in other words , of the ruler of France , must be completely established.—A number of acres 755 almost equal to the full contents of Ireland was forfeited by the rebellions of Desmond and Tyrone in the reigns of Elizabeth and James I and by the rebellions In 1641 and 1689 . Most of the protestant titles in that country are derived under those forfeitures , and grants from Elizabeth , and James ; the Irish acts , of settlement and explanation in the reign of Charles II . and grants by William , and Mary , and the English statutes of their reign , and that of Queen Anne . Roman catholics still settle those estates as if they were in possession of them , to perpetuate , to those who are to succeed them , the idea that those estates had once belonged to their families , and might be again enjoyed by their descendants , if the claim to them were persevered in , thus to stimulate to keeping up the claim . In 1644 , the confederate Irish Roman catholics demanded , `` that there should be a revision of all forfeitures , & c. and grants from the crown from 1588 , ( eighty-six years ) by a free parliament . `` —1689 , a bill passed the parliament of Ireland to repeal the acts of settlement and explanation . Not many years ago maps of the Irish forfeited estates were industriously circulated on the continent , an indication that some important object was looked for attainment , and that it was desirable to conciliate foreign catholic potentates , with a view to the success of that project . Since the union it has been openly avowed , `` that the revolution was an usurpation , the exclusion of Roman catholics from seats in parliament an excess of the power of the legislature , that the old Roman catholic proprietors never had offended , that the confiscations were unjust , and that the present possessors held by usurpation , and ought to be dispossessed . Why ? Truly to produce unanimity , cordiality , and affection between the several sectaries in Ireland . Thus no length of time and enjoyment can sanctify title , no concurrence of circumstances can preclude re-assumption ; attainders , acts of parliament , purchases , settlements , long possession , prescription are to be inefficient in giving title . The most solemn acts of the legislature , and of courts of justice , done whilst the transactions were recent , and the evidence existing , which have been , acted upon and enforced during successive ages ; titles created under those acts , and infinitely branched out and diversified for most valuable considerations , are now , when the evidence is lost or mislaid , to be presumed unfounded , contrary to the light of history and to that con- 756 viction which has , during ages , influenced the conduct of the parliaments of England and Ireland , and has guided the actions of the most eminent men of