and volunteers of both countries , and , in despite of all forebodings , have no doubt of the result . —I rise , sir , under great infirmity of body to give my negative to the present motion . I am willing to admit that the balance of talent and ingenuity is in favour of the petition . we have had fine speeches on one side , and sound argument and public principle on the other . As to the consequences that may attend the refusal of this committee , I do not deny that the petition is couched in decent , proper terms , but I hope parliament never will discuss any point under apprehension . Let us come to a decision upon the question . After the powerful arguments I have heard , I am firmly convinced , that agreeing to the prayer of the petition would have no good effect . It would occasion a demand for fresh concessions , and we do not know where it might end . In my mind the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer has given us very good arguments for not thinking it would succeed . If it should ever be brought on again , I hope it will be brought on for English as well as Irish catholics . Let us not shew a greater partiality for Irish catholics than for English catholics . I am firmly persuaded by the various arguments I have heard , that the prayer of the petition ought not to be granted , and shall therefore give my negative to the present motion . rose to reply and spoke in substance as follows : Sir , before I enter into a general reply to the arguments , or rather the observations that have been made by those who have opposed the motion I had the honour to submit to the house , I feel myself necessarily obliged to submit a few words in answer to a right hon . gent . ( Mr. H Addington ) on the subject of the speech of a noble viscount , ( Sidmouth ) in the course of a former debate . If I have not been misrepresented , I believe it will be found , that what I strictly said , was not that the noble lord said that catholic emancipation would be the effect of the union , but that the union was a pledge of catholic emancipation . I stated , that the noble viscount , in his speech , said there were three things to be considered ; one , with a view to the former laws against the catholics ; another , with a view to catholic emancipation , of both which he disapproved ; but would , of the two evils prefer the enactment of the penal laws ; and the third , with reference to a legislative union , which he said , would not be productive of any of the disadvantages of either of the other measures . Having stated this as one of the things which did give hopes to the catholics . I thought the 1046 measure proposed in their favour would not be objectionable to the noble viscount.—With regard to the objections against my motion , I shall speak to those which apply in point of time first ; for though they came last , they are first in point of order ; and , first of all , let me make a remark on the objections which came from a right hon . gent . opposite . Considering the general weight of his abilities , and his experience , considering some additional weight which he derives from the office he holds , I can not but remark that the objections he has made come singly from him ; no one who preceded , no one who followed him , has urged any objections of a similar nature . He stands , as far as this debate goes , perfectly singular , in stating his objections to the petition , in point of time . I shall consider the objections in themselves , and