pretended meaning or defects of the act : a conduct at which an honest man would shudder . said , that as a friend to his country , and an honest man , he would most cordially vote for the original motion , and he thought no man a friend to his country that did not earnestly wish that enquiry , in the present circumstances of the nation , should be carried to its utmost extent in every branch of the public expenditure . This was no party question , but one which equally concerned every side of the House , and every part of the empire . Those who knew any thing of Roman history , must recollect , that from the moment a profuse and corrupt expenditure of the public money began to be laughed at in the senate , as a matter of indifference , the ruin of that empire took its date . For his own part he cared not who was at the head of the government , whether a branch of one family Or of another ; whether the representative of my lord this , or the relative of my lord that , so long as the affairs of the empire were wisely and honestly administered ; but when the public money was in question , and he had some considerable stake in it , 584 and peculation was the order of the day , it was the duty of parliament to institute the strictest enquiry , and to protect , support , and encourage those to whom enquiry was deputed , and who acquitted their duty with the diligence , the impartiality , and the firmness of honest men . rose to reply . He trusted the house would give him credit for having acted fairly , in the manner in which he brought forward the motion . It was , he would confess , a subject of regret to him , that he had inserted the word `` whole '' in his motion ; and particularly so , as it had met with objections from a quarter for which he entertained the highest respect . It was not without mature consideration that he worded his motion in that comprehensive way . His reason was , that difficulties of the most extraordinary nature were , at every instant , interposed between those gentlemen and the arduous duty in which they were employed , and he therefore thought no acknowledgment to them could be too strong . When they were encountered at every step by all the acts and subterfuges of that corruption which they were appointed to detect , it was the duty of the house , whose ministers they were , to mark their approbation of their conduct , and their determination to support them in the most comprehensive and emphatic manner . When an hon . gent . rises and declares in his place , that the person who was the heart and germ of that commission was unfit to be continued as a member of it , it was high time indeed for that house to step forward for his protection . It was upon that ground that he inserted the whole whole in his motion ; and that he proposed that the thanks of the house should be extended to the commissioners in as general a way as it could possibly be . He wished to tell them what he , and he was persuaded a great majority of the country , felt towards them for their unabated perseverance and industry . He endeavoured to mark , in as strong a manner as his powers , of expression could command , the obligations he owed them for their ability , diligence , and fortitude ( that word he would not have spared ) in pursuing the arduous and disgusting task which was imposed upon them . Their conduct in it was well entitled to the praise of fortitude , a virtue which admitted of being as fairly exercised in the pursuit and detection of abuses , as in those situations to which , in its ordinary acceptation , it