only removed from the state , the parliament , the navy , and the army ? In addition to this I am to add the many minor injuries done to the catholics in ways that must be felt , and can not be calculated ; the inestimable injury done to the catholic mind by precluding it from the objects of ambition , and to the catholic spirit by exposing it to the taunts and insults , ( you can not be at a loss for an instance ) , such as are uttered by the vilest of the protestants against the first of the catholics . I am to add the mischief done to the morals of the country by setting up a false standard of merit , by which men without religion , moral or public integrity , shall obtain , by an abhorrence of their fellow subjects , credit and consequence , and acquire an impunity for selling the whole community , because they detest a part of it . You see it is impossible for any one part of the society to afflict the other without paying the penalty , and feel- 928 ing the consequences of its own policy in the re-action of its own bad passions on itself . I am to add the mischief done to the peace of the country , when the spirit of religious discord descends to the lower order of people , and the holiday becomes a riot : and when the petty magistrate turns chapman and dealer in politics , turns theologian and robber , makes for himself a situation in the country formed out of the monstrous lies he tells of his catholic neighbours , fabricates false panics of insurrection and invasion , then walks forth the man of blood , his creditors tremble , the French do not ; and atrocities , which he dare not commit in his own name , perpetrates for the honour of his king , and in the name of his Maker . I have heard of the incivilisation of Ireland : too much has been said on that subject . I deny the fact ; a country exporting above five millions , even at your official value , near about half a million of corn , three millions of linen , paying eight millions to the state , can not be barbarous ; a nation connected with you for six hundred years , what do you say ? can not be barbarous . If France should say so , you would contradict her , because it is not on Ireland , but on you , the reflection must fall . But if anything , however , delays the perfect and extensive civilization of Ireland , it is principally her religious animosity . Examine all the causes of human misery , the tragic machinery of the globe , and the instruments of civil rage and domestic murder , and you find no demon is like it , because it privileges all the rest , and amalgamates with infidelity as well as murder , and conscience , which restrains other vices , becomes a prompter here . To restrain this waste , and this conquest exercised over your understanding , your morals , and your fortune , my hon . friend makes his motion . The present lord lieutenant of Ireland has done much to reconcile , but his mild integrity and good sense must be aided by parliament . Come , let us hear the objectors . The catholics , they say , should not have power . Why , they have it already : they got it when you gave them landed property , and they got it when yen gave them the elective franchise : `` Be it enacted , that the catholics shall be capable of holding all offices , civil and military , except ; '' ( and then the act excludes a certain numeration . ) This is the act of 1793 , and is not this political power allowed by act of parliament ? so that the objection goes not so much against the petition ,