had bought with the public money , and for which he was paid in treasury bills , bearing interest , so that he not only derived mercantile profit from the public money , but also interest from the mode of payment . If these things were true , they were highly culpable : the person who had given him the information pledged himself to make good the fact at the bar ; yet he hoped sincerely the hon . gent . could do away the charge . He concluded with moving for a variety of accounts relating to the sale of the vessels and cargoes , the payments made to the lords of the treasury , and the several contracts between Mr. Scott and government for meal and flour , & c. stated , that the money was much more than 200,000l . which was one proof that the hon . gent . was extremely misinformed on the subject . The produce of the sale had been paid by him , to . the bank , and remained therefore unemployed . He offered to give it to government , but was told by Mr. Rose , that it was not settled to what particular account it was to go , but that as soon as this was settled he would be informed of it . The money for some months lay in the bank , and them upon an order from the treasury , he paid it over to the treasurer of the navy , and this was the whole of the matter . said , he did not believe that the hon . member , whose conduct was the object of the motion , had employed the public money for any length of time what- 445 ever . He was glad the subject had been brought forward , because it would afford that hon . member an opportunity Of making the whole case clear and public . said he was desirous the papers moved for by the hon . and learned gent , should be laid before the house , but he could not help remarking the manner in which this motion was made . The hon . and learned gent . gave notice last night he should make this motion , by stating that it was applicable to the connection between government and Mr. Claude Scott , but he might have given an intimation of the ground of his motion , that those who wished to take a share in the discussion might be acquainted with the nature of the transaction , as it Was intended to be brought forward ; but here was a matter of ten years standing brought forward without any such intimation , when gentlemen might not have the subject fresh in their memory . He was glad to observe , however , that what had been hinted at by the hon . mover , as to the cause of his motion , was likely to turn out to be totally unfounded . thought the conduct of his hon . and learned friend in not giving a mere descriptive notice perfectly correct , and such as he would have observed himself in a similar situation , for had he made a speech on giving his notice of the , motion , it would have been irregular in any other member to answer that , speech , however desirable it might be by such member that the speech should be answered . This complaint , therefore , of a want of a further intimation of the hon . mover , was properly a complaint that he had not been irregular . said , he did not wish that a speech might precede the notice , but the general grounds of it would have been so far from being irregular that it would have only been conformable to custom in cases of this nature . maintained , that ample information of the nature of this motion had been detailed in the notice , as entered in the order book , which he read . Said , he had not seen the book , which appeared to