thing which he , in the way of private communication , and to facilitate the removal of doubts and difficulties , had mentioned . He would leave , he said , to the noble lord himself to determine as to the propriety of doing so , but he must appeal to the Speaker for the order of the thing . said , the communication was not confidential , and he thought he might therefore mention it . informed him , that in doing so he was debating a different question , and was , of course , out of order . resumed . He conceived the proposition of the right hon . gent . which he had alluded to , was made at the time of the expedition to Holland . But the proposition , as it was now put in practice by the right hon . gent . was not only to encourage volunteering from the Militia into the line , but to hire and suborn recruiting serjeants , first to promote debauchery and insubordination in the regiments , and then to crimp a certain number of men , as best suited their purpose , leaving the remainder to the care of their officers , who would have the satisfaction of seeing returned them , out of half the number of their regiment , 150 of the mere refuse ! The noble lord concluded his speech by recapitulating his former arguments , and expressing his firm and decided opposition to the present measure . expressed his disapprobation of the bill , on account of its injustice in so many different points ; it was subversive of the constitution of the Militia regiments , and directly contradictory to the many pledges that had been given to the house , particularly by the right hon . gent . himself . He had given this pledge , as many would recollect , during a debate in 1799 , and again more recently on the Defence act . From several important considerations , he must give his decided negative to the bill . expressed his disapprobation of the plan proposed , which he considered as tending materially to hurt the militia service , and likewise to retard the recruiting for the line . That an accession to our disposable force was extremely desirous , he thought no person would be found to deny , considering that question abstractedly . But the present proposition ought to be viewed under the particular circumstances that attended it . If the house called to mind the use made by ministers of 80 what disposable force they had possessed , with what confidence could they place in their hands the addition now called for ? The right hon . gent . had stated the difficulty of getting officers . Did not this proceed from the fault of government , which had broken faith with the Militia , and had placed them in their present degraded situation ? Were not this the case , abundance of gentlemen would be found ready to come forward and officer the different regiments : but the deceptions practised upon them prevented it . At one time the fear of invasion was raised , at another the necessity of foreign service . When the right hon . gent . should submit his new plan for the further degradation of the militia , he should , both from his feelings and every other consideration of the question , give it his hearty opposition . It was held out that these men were to be procured for the regular service on cheap terms ; but individuals had paid the expence ; and after all , with bounty , and the gratifications of the ale-houses , he really believed that the cost of a recruit would amount to more for the regular army , than by the ordinary mode of recruiting that part of the public force . said he should reserve the fuller delivery of his sentiments till a future occasion presented itself . He wished , however , to know , whether the men were to be enlisted for life , and for unlimited service