were obliged to order it over in Bank of England Post Bills , which they sold in Dublin . They first advertised a sum of 200,000l . at 11½ per cent . but only 170,000l . were subscribed . The next sum they advertised was of the same amount at 10 per cent . and only 170,000l . was obtained . They then found themselves under a necessity of disposing of the bill at par , which was 8 1–3d , in order to procure the sums required for the public service . But during the whole of this period , the actual state of exchage fluctuated between 8½ and 69 10 or 11 , to which it had in one or two instances , risen for a short time . The noble lord could not therefore make out that any loss had been sustained by the public by this transaction . The question of exchange was not regularly before the house , but he would be indulged with an observation upon . it . The state of exchange depended on the general balance of pecuniary transaction between two countries , and in this respect it was favourable to Ireland so large a sure of money having been transmitted . The restriction of the issues of specie was the primary cause of all the unfavourable state of the currency and exchange , unknown before , but whose interest it was to keep it high . Another cause was the over issue of paper . In the months of May , June , and July , the Bank of Ireland diminished its issue from three to two millions and a half , and the exchange fell . In August they increased it again to 3 millions , and the exchange rose . The same consequence had happened in 1753 , from the breaking of the Bank , and in the reign of King William , from the base coin . Where guineas were paid , the exchange was at 5 per cent . being 3 below par . The right hon . gent . contended no ground had been made out for the motion , and therefore to get rid of it , moved the order of the day . agreed in the whole doctrine laid down by the right hon . gent . as to the causes of the unfavourable state of the exchange for Ireland . He agreed also that the question was a direct charge upon the treasury of Ireland . But he disclaimed on his own part and that of his noble friend , any intention to make a charge upon the right hon . gent , whose conduct , if brought before the house , would intitle him to its gratitude . There had been considerable misconduct in the Irish treasury , in their management of the bringing over the loan . They had departed from the usual mode , and thereby occasioned considerable loss to the public . The right hon . gent . disclaimed any idea of lowering the exchange , though the expectation had prevailed to that effect , as appeared from the full sum required having been subscribed when the exchange was lowered to par . The noble lord here read an extract from the report of the committee on the Irish currency and exchange , to spew that it was improper in the lords of the treasury to interfere with the exchange , as it would encourage jobbing , which had literally taken place in this case , persons having bought 70 the bills and re-sold them at a profit . He should therefore vote for the proposition of his noble friend . maintained that the conduct of the Irish treasury had been correct , as it was the duty of the commissioners to provide the money for the public occasions . It was a perversion of terms to infer that the depreciation of paper had any real effect on the exchange . He allowed that the excessive issue of paper produced a depreciation . The fact was , that in each country there was a different circulating medium , and