it is next to impossible that they should have escaped the observation of his penetrating and comprehensive mind . If I did lay down arbitrary doctrines , they are the same doctrines which many of the most eminent lawyers that this country ever saw have not scrupled to avow . The right hon . gent . however , tells me that if I were a British lawyer , I could not possibly avow the principles he imputes to me . I am not ashamed at any time , sir , or under any circumstances , of my country , and I hope I shall never be guilty of an action which will give my country cause to be ashamed of me . As , however , the right hon . gent . rests so much on my not being a British lawyer , I beg leave to inform him , that I have as good British blood flowing in my veins as the right hon . gent . can boast of in his . I can not boast of having arrived at so early a period of life as the right hon . gent . at the honours and rewards which the right hon . gentleman now enjoys . What I have earned of honours and rewards have been the result of long labours and painful exertion ; but this I can safely assure the house that never till now have I been accused of being an arbitrary or unconstitutional lawyer . I said , sir , alluding to the case of Mr. Trotter , that circumstances had been disclosed which shewed that he ought not to have employed in the office of paymaster of the navy , and I am still of the same opinion . But on what principle is it that the right hon . gent . accuses this declaration as inconsistent with the principles of justice ? What are these principles ? they are plainly these : — that Mr. Trotter had , by his own evidence , proved his guilt ; and that the testimony of his friend and patron , lord Melville , instead of weakening , strengthened this opinion . I ask , then , after such evidence was given before the commissioners , if it would have been at all extraordinary or unjust to have 347 suspended Mr. Trotter till his innocence or guilt was fully ascertained ? I say , in such a suspension there was no prejudice . There was , on the contrary , that strict regard to the proper application of the public money , with which the employment of a person even suspected of malversation does not appear to me to be very consistent . If the right hon . member had acted in this way I am fully sensible that neither the house nor the country would have blamed him for his arbitrary or despotic proceedings . I entertain a sincere respect for the right hon . gentleman 's talents . Indeed it is not conceivable that without great talents he should , at so early a period of life , have risen to that elevation in the state in which he is now placed . With all my respect for his abilities , however , I must insist , that when he next honours my observations with his notice , he will take a little pains to state accurately what I say , for I protest , with all my esteem for his talents , I should not relish the idea of his making speeches for me.— Having said this with respect to the arbitrary doctrines of which he accuses me , I shall , before I sit down say a few words on the general question before the house . My hon . friend seems to me to have framed his motion on the most consistent principles . He very properly says , that though the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Pitt ) has intimated to us the resignation of lord Melville 's situation of first lord of the admiralty , he has not told us , what is much more