house took it , but a question of degree . That was to be determined upon the circumstances , and the house should judge , or rather a committee should judge , how far it . was necessary or unnecessary , and which the house possessed the power of deciding after a proper inquiry had been had into all the circumstances of the case , but no such proceeding had hitherto taken place . The diversion of the public money , which was another topic brought forward , was very fit for inquiry . As to the charge , or rather an imputation , founded upon an inference , against the noble lord ; that he had some participation of the benefit arising from the use of the public money while employed for the advantage of private individuals , that was a subject fit for inquiry , but to decide which , the house , at present , had no materials ; and upon the question of the extent to which the public money had been drawn out from the Bank and here he must advert to a part of the report of the committee of 1782 , which had escaped the notice of the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , which was to the following effect : `` we consider that this excess is not money for which the treasurer is accountable to the public , but belonging to the proprietors of these bills , and remaining in his . hands at their risk , until they apply to him for payment . '' Now , he said , if this doctrine be correct , the whole money in the hands of the treasurer was not that for which he was responsible to the public , but to the individual to which these sums belonged , and if they had , received 301 their money upon application , there had been no breach of the act of parliament , and the house would find , upon inquiry , that what he had . stated hypothetically was the facts.—He maintained that the deficiency stated in page 128 of the Report was incorrectly stated as to the amount of it . He did not say that the mode stated on the other side was the proper mode of keeping the money of the public ; but what he contended was , that the case was not that case of aggravation which was contended for on the other side . It was , however , a matter which he did not ask gentlemen to take on his statement , but leave it for inquiry ; for that he believed it would turn out that the violation of the act of parliament in this respect , so much insisted upon , was in a great measure imaginary.—He now came to the great point , which was , the imputation to the noble lord that he had participated in the use of the public money . This was not made as a distinct charge , only it was thrown out , or insinuated as a matter of inference . Now , he would put it to the conscience of the hon . gent. , who brought forward this motion , and to use language already uttered in the course of this debate , to lay his hand upon his heart , and ask himself , whether he could believe that out of the monies which had been drawn out of the Bank , the noble lord had really any participation in the profits of using for private purposes ? And whether he believed that a vote , carried to the extent of that now proposed , in deference , as that hon . gent . might think , to the public opinion , would not be to confirm such opinion to its full extent ? He would ask whether that was fair ? Whether the carrying the motion now before the house , would not be to impress upon the minds of the public an idea that lord Melville had been found guilty by the house of commons of foul