loudly of it , are far from understanding it . In point of fact , the oath of supremacy , as it now stands is not positive but negative . It does not assert that the king is the supreme head of the church , but that no foreign prince is so to be considered . It has been repeatedly argued and demonstrated , that the sense in which the Roman catholics regard the pope as supreme head of the church , is a theological , not a political consideration.—I shall not detain your lordships at this late hour with any further observations . If no other service is derived from the agitation of this question , this good will undoubtedly arise from it : that after all the letters and pamphlets which have been written against the catholics , it will be clear to the conviction of your lordships , that , from all their professions and all their declarations , doctrines have been insisted upon , which were never entertained by the persons to whom they have been attributed . The catholics will go from your bar acquitted by the most enlightened assembly The question of actual attachment will never enter into . But this I must say , that with very little exception , there has been an almost unanimous agreement , as to the loyalty and attachment of that body . The argument of one noble lord , who spoke early in the debate of this night ( the earl of Buckinghamshire ) is inconsistent and absurd in the extreme . The noble earl said , that `` his Majesty had not in his 842 dominions a set of men more sincerely attached , or better affected to his person and government , than the noblemen and gentlemen who represent the catholic body in Ireland ; but , '' added the noble earl , `` these noblemen and gentlemen have long ceased to have any influence over the great mass of the Roman catholics in Ireland . '' Why then , I would ask , should we hesitate to grant the prayer of the petition , which goes to affect a comparatively small number of persons , and who are described as loyal and faithful subjects , and yet grant to the lower orders of the great body of the Irish catholics , reputedly a contaminated mass , ever thing they can reasonably enjoy under the constitution ? The argument of the noble earl involves this farther inconsistency . He entertains fears that great catholic proprietors would soon exclusively be returned for the counties , by a great majority of the catholic freeholders ; and yet , almost in the same breath , he asserts , that persons of that description have ceased to have any influence over the great body of the Roman catholics ! Yet , entertaining so high an opinion of these noblemen and gentlemen , these are they on whom and on whom alone , you are desirous of placing these restraints . To presbyterians you give a full participation in the blessings of your constitution . From them yon withhold nothing . Yet , from the catholic noblemen and gentlemen of Ireland you withhold every thing . My Lords , how can this be reconciled with any principle of reason or of justice ? How can you withhold these blessings from men who have risked their lives in defence of their country , and in defence of those laws in which they earnestly pray to be made joint partakers ? You owe much to the zeal , the loyalty , and the active exertions of the protestants of Ireland , but to no set of men do you owe more than to the catholic noblemen and gentry from whom you withhold these privileges . I hope I have proved , that you have nothing to fear from granting the prayer of this petition . If you have any thing to fear , the way is to give up those distinctions which .at present exist . The true way to meet that danger is by doing away those distinctions , and firmly