the line and frigates , built in the king 's yards , or those of the merchants , distinguishing the periods when contracted for , and when finished , or likely to be finished ; the like of such vessels , broke up , or sold , or lost by capture or accident ; the like of such 630 vessels in commission , either home-built , or captured from the enemy ; the like of vessels , manned and equipped for general service , and those for harbour service : these with a view of comparing the state of our navy during the administration of earl St. Vincent ; and those which preceded his lordship 's appointment , and immediately followed his resignation . said , that as to the first motion of those proposed by the hon . member , he had no great objection ; but he was by no means prepared to judge of the propriety of agreeing , at the moment , to so long a string of motions , involving such a variety of subjects , many of which , upon mature deliberation , it might be utterly improper to comply with . He therefore hoped the hon . member would not be inclined to press such a series of motions , without giving some farther time for the house to consider the propriety or impropriety of agreeing to them . assured the house , that nothing could possibly give to the noble lord , whose conduct was the avowed object of the motions just proposed , higher pleasure than the production of every document , and the fullest investigation of every circumstance that in any degree concerned his character or conduct . That noble lord was conscious of nothing in his conduct that he could have the slightest wish to conceal ; and , therefore , on behalf of the noble lord , and so far as he was personally concerned , he had not the slightest objection to the production of all the documents just specified , provided the friends of the noble lord were to be at liberty to move afterwards for the production of such other documents as they should think necessary on the other side of the question . But with respect to the motions , generally , he presumed the hon . gentleman was not aware of the extent and tendency they would go ; not merely to the conduct of earl St. Vincent , but of the whole British navy , since 1793 , to the present time . As to the distinction between ships built in the king 's yards , or the merchants ' yards , he had very strong objections , because it would disclose a history of the supplies of timber for our navy , and the sources whence furnished , foreign and domestic . And though time enquiry was certainly a must desirable one , there were very strong objections to a public disclosure of the result . The hon . admiral 631 was ready to admit , our navy was not altogether in quite so good a state as could be wished ; where the blame rested , he did not wish to say , but certainly it was not with the noble lord , upon the whole of whose of conduct , so far was he from deprecating enquiry , that he anxiously desired and courted it . agreed perfectly with the hon . admiral ; and as the friend of the noble earl , and on his behalf , declared , that he courted enquiry . But he would put it to the discretion of the hon . member , whether the advanced period of the session , and the many important topics still pending discussion , were circumstances which rendered it advisable for him to introduce , or probable that the house could possibly entertain so voluminous a string of resolutions , the most numerous he believed ever proposed at any one time in that house by an individual member . The production of the papers required , might render it necessary to move for others quite as voluminous