who either do not profess any , or what is as dangerous , if not as bad , who think none essential to the honour , the safety , and the existence of the country . said , that nothing , had fallen from his right hon . friend to prevent the judgment of the house from being taken on the matter in question . The hon . mover had thought proper to call upon persons of different classes for their opinion and support that night . He had called on all those who were in office , and on those who aspired to it . The noble lord might be classed in the latter description , and he would appeal to him whether he did not feel that parliament ought not to judge upon the conduct of a public officer , without having the fullest information on the subject of the charge made against him ? How would he feel should such ever be his own situation ? It was called a plain violation of law , and a simple matter of fact : but was it not extremely material to ascertain the real circumstances attending that transaction in a committee of the house ? Respecting the diversion of public money to other branches of the pubic service , it was material that it should not be considered in piece-meal , but taken on the whole , and if ever there was a case which demanded such investigation it was this , in which gentlemen took so much pains to heap together every possible accusa- 294 tion . The house must , therefore , feel it absolutely necessary , before they proceeded farther , in order to see the true character and colour of the transactions , to enter into a farther examination . complimented his noble friend . It was a matter of pride to any man to be allowed to call himself the friend of such rising talents and eloquence . He agreed with him that nothing was more fit than to appoint a committee after the first point should be agreed upon , a committee in which all that related to accounts and calculations might be sifted arid made clear . The transfer of money from one service to another was also matter for a committee , but what was to be done with the remainder of the tenth report ? Did lord Melville ask for further delay , saying he had evidence sufficient for his acquittal ? Did Mr. Trotter say any thing to that effect ? But the people of England looked to this night for the opinion of their representatives on this important case . He would ask the right hon . gent . how long it was since the expedient of a reference to a committee occurred to him ? The right hon . gent . was anxious for the production of lord Melville 's letter , and still more , that the public mind should be set at rest on this point before the Easter recess . Why send to a committee that which no committee of that house could , throw any fresh light upon ? Could any man in that house lay his hand to his heart , and say he could controvert those propositions ? Would any evidence disprove that money had been drawn from the bank contrary to law ? Would Mr. Sprott say now what he would not say before ? Would he be open-mouthed when not on his oath , and close when sworn ? No farther explanation could be given . He then reminded the house of the report of the committee on the late sheriffs of Middlesex , when the committee made their report , which was received as full evidence , and counsel were merely as a supplementary explanation . Would any man in being , he asked , say that lord Melville , Mr. Trotter , or Mr. Mark Sprott , by an after examination of the facts , could add any thing for the satisfaction of the house ? His right hon . and learned friend had gone over the