841 member were chose for Ireland and suppose this influence were so far to succeed as to bring a considerable proportion of Roman catholics into this house among the representatives from Ireland , is it likely that Buonaparté would find many friends among these Roman catholic members ? If there were eighty members Roman catholics , it would be an extravagant supposition indeed to say that even three of them would be so dead to all sense of honour and duly , so blind to the interests and happiness of their country , as to become the instruments of Buonaparté . Of the influence to be used in this way by the pope , surely no reasonable person can entertain any serious apprehension . Is it possible to look forward to any future circumstances under which that influence can become dangerous ? Great men , it is said , have long views ; but some views are so long , that my sight ; I must confess , can not reach them . It has been said of our system of government , esto perpetua ; but I should desire no better security for the power and the constitution of this country lasting for ever , than that they should continue until either a pope or a Buonaparté could obtain a majority in this house . —I must now turn to another view of the question . It has always been maintained that the differences between the Roman catholics and the Protestants are not merely religious , but political . It is on this ground the oaths the former are required to take are defended . The oath is framed against the authority Of a foreign priest , though that authority is merely spiritual . But if it be any objection to the Roman catholics , that they deny the king 's supremacy , what do you say to the opinions of the people of Scotland ? The presbyterian religion , which is established in Scotland , does not admit the king to be the head of the church ; and surely the presbyterian doctrine and discipline of it are at least as repugnant to the established religion of this country , as the . opinions of the Roman catholics are ! Yet Scotland , with this presbyterian church , forms a part of the united kingdom . But do not the Roman catholics swear , that no temporal consequences whatever follow from the doctrine they hold on the question of Supremacy ? They do swear , and yet it is said we can not believe them . What ! are they not to be believed On oath , because they are Roman catholics ? To make such a declaration , is to display to my mind either great malignancy of heart , or an extraordinary deficiency of understanding : but if the declaration were made on the part of the go- 842 vernment of this country , it would be an avowal of wickedness beyond any thing I can conceive . Would you say , that you proposed and passed acts of parliament to persuade them to swear that which you would not believe when sworn ? Would you own that you wished to seduce them into perjury ? The moment you find that a man attends mass , he is therefore a Roman catholic , and therefore no longer to be believed . To add to the absurdity , you frame another oath , to keep out of parliament those very persons of whom it is said you must not believe that which they swear . This is really at once insulting to the understanding and the feelings of mankind . It is more than a generous and ingenuous mind can be expected patiently to bear.—I shall not pretend to enter into controversial arguments on the question of doctrine . Indeed , that is a subject respecting which I own I have neither sufficient learning nor patience to fit me for the discussion ; but if I had as much of both as the lord chancellor of Ireland , I am sure his example would deter me from