In the first report it was ascertained that in the offices in Jamaica connected with the navy , the public , through the negligence and fraud of one of the officers , sustained a loss of about thirty-six thousand pounds in bills , and upwards of one hundred and thirty-five thousand pounds from lavish waste , and other causes arising from the manner in which business was conducted . The second report referred to the mismanagement of the chest at Chatham , and displayed a scene of the most infamous peculation . The rewards allotted to our brave seamen for their meritorious exertions in defence of all that is dear to freemen , had been found to have been most shamefully misapplied . In many cases the harpies of agents had appropriated nearly thirty-four per cent . of what was intended to assuage , the sufferings of those who had bled in the cause of their , country . The necessity of entering an appearance once in three years , even from Ireland and the most distant parts of the island , only to ascertain whether veterans and invalids had grown younger , was properly exposed by the commissioners , and a suitable remedy had been provided . The third report was on the infamous overcharges in the crock yards . The house and the public would form a pretty good idea on the subject , when they were Oven to understand that , in one article , there was charge of one thousand and forty pounds , when before the commissioners it was found that thirty-four pounds was the fair price . These evils had been sifted to the bottom . and the gross frauds of those who were fat telling on the public would now happily be prevented . In the fifth report the evils o the sixpenny office , so essential to the proper provision made for invalids in the navy were fully exposed ; and the sixth very clearly stewed that vast sums were charged for work done in the dock yards , not one third of which was ever performed . The commissioners stated a sum of nearly eight hundred thousand pounds , one third which could not be accounted for in a satisfactory manner . In the seventh report a case was stated of the repairs of the Amaranthe , in Woolwich dock-yard , where the expence had been carried as high as three 568 thousand eight hundred and fifty-three pounds , whereas on examination it appeared that somewhat more than five hundred pounds was the real amount . The ninth report related to the receipt of stores in Plymouth dock , and though the matter was not sufficiently clucidated , enough was stated to shew that gross frauds had existed . On the tenth it was needless for him to enlarge , as it had sufficiently attracted the attention of the house and the public . The eleventh report he should not now insert , as it was to be the subject of a specific motion by an hon . and learned friend of his on no very distant day . He begged leave , however , in the mean time , to call the attention of the house to this report , as one of very high importance , as one which disclosed transactions equally contrary to law and to fair constitutional principles , as were indeed calculated to give a vital stab to the credit and character Of the country.—Having thus gone through the different reports , all of which evinced the most commendable gence and zeal , the hon . gentleman next specified what vet remained for examination . There still remained the proceedings of the navy board , the victualling , the transport , and the sick and hurt boards . Of the necessity of investigating this last board , no doubt could exist , after what an hon . admiral ( Markham ) had said , that of all the boards hitherto unexplored , this was the most grossly corrupt . The dock-yards abroad , too , opened a wide field for inquiry ; he believed , in