this house will not be satisfied ; I am sure the ends of public justice will not be satisfied , if some further resolutions are not adopted , in consequence of the proceedings on the report of the naval commissioners . If the issue of the debate of the night before last was a mere personal or party triumph ; if it was only our own feelings which Were concerned , we might be satisfied , because the noble lord who was the object of the accusation which I had the honour to bring forward , has thought fit to retire from a situation of responsibility , dignity , and emolument , at least from the first situation in point of dignity he held : and as far as any triumph over an individual can be concerned , this has been most complete . But , sir , I was not actuated ; and I am sure those Who voted with me on the occasion were not actuated by personal or party motives : I undertook a great cause , in which I had the satisfaction to succeed : I shall not abandon the cause I have undertaken ; but I shall still urge the motion of which I gave notice on the former night . If I know any thing of my own heart ; if I know any thing of the feelings which actuate me , there is nothing , I trust to God ; of , a vindictive spirit within me and having accomplished the end of disclosing the conduct of the noble lord , and having the verdict of the house , I should not , for the mere sake of ulterior punishment , think it necessary to press the subject farther ; I should here stop , and desist : but let us consider the situation in which we stand . The noble lord , stigmatized as he is by the vote and proceedings of this house , 329 has not been dismissed . He has done that which any honourable man may do on feelings of his own . He has tendered his resignation . Is that enough ? Lord Melville May be restored to-morrow ; he may again be made first lord of the admiralty . Is it fit that should be a possible event ? Is it not necessary for the dignity and honour and feelings of this house , than it should be impossible he should be restored to the situation I have described . Reflecting on the proceedings of the other night , I think no man can view them without the deepest gratitude , without experiencing the strongest emotions of joy that such was the event . Many instances have occurred in history where a faction has triumphed over an individual , where persons have been pursued by large majorities of this house ; but what is the situation in which we stand ? Can there be any page of the journals of parliament which will be looked to in after ages with more pleasure by the true lovers of the country , than the page which records the proceedings of the house on this momentous subject ? With an attendance much larger than is usually obtained , the point was equally balanced , and it remained for you , sir , sitting in that seat , which is the seat of impartiality , which is filled , I may say , without paying any undeserved compliment to you , by a person in every respect qualified—it remained for you , to whom no party spirit can be imputed , of whom no partiality can possibly be surmised , to decide between the two parties , which was in the right . Your decision did immortal honour to yourself ; your decision was looked upon , is looked upon , and ever will be looked upon with joy and satisfaction by the country . The popularity which flows from deeds like these is the greatest satisfaction a man can receive . If we see in all persons whom we meet ; if we read in every countenance , in