of what we churchmen call the power a the keys . Abjurations , which I , a protestant bishops , would not make and I should impute great 799 blame to any priest of mine , who should condescend to make them . It was on account of these abjuration , that the apostolical vicars reprobated the oath as it stood in the first bill ; and when the oath was amended in that part , as it was in this house , the vicars apostolic made no further objection . On the contrary , when the bill had passed , they exhorted their people , clergy as well as laity , to take the oath as it now stands , and they have I believe themselves taken it.—My lords , at the beginning of this debate , although I never thought of consenting to the prayer of the petition in the extent to which it goes ; yet , I confess , the inclination of my mind was not to oppose the motion of going into a committee . i thought it might best become the gravity of your lordships ' proceedings , to consider the subject in detail , to examine the petition , article by article . For , I hold not with those , who think that because the whole , or any thing like the whole , can not be granted , nothing be conceded . And it was not till the debate had made a considerable progress , that my mind was changed . But I must declare , that it is now completely changes , by the representation that has been made to us by very high authority , of the actual state of the Roman catholic hierarchy in Ireland . My lords , I have long understood , that the Roman catholic clergy in Ireland were upon a different footing from their brethren here . Here the Roman catholic clergy appear in the unassuming character of mere missionaries . There are no diocesan bishops , no parish priests . England is divided into four districts , which are superintended in spirituals by four bishops in partibus , a bishop of Centuriæ , a bishop of Acanthos , & c. who take the titles of vicars apostolic , and exercise their spiritual authority with great modesty and decorum , and in a manner perfectly inoffensive to the established church and to the state . I knew that , in Ireland , each province has its titular archbishop , each diocese its titular bishop , and each parish its titular priest . But I had no conception , till a noble and learned lord informed us of it , that these titular prelates and priests claim to be the rightful possessors of the respective sees and parishes , and treat the prelates and priests of the established church as usurpers and intruders . I had no conception , that the titular archbishop of Armagh would publicly take to himself the stile of Armachens , and designate the lord primate by the simple appellation of Dr. Stuart . The withholding from the lord primate the title which be- 800 longs to him , in itself is no great matter . But the claim to jurisdiction , in exclusion of the established prelacy and priesthood , is another thing . A noble duke on the opposite bench has said , in exculpation of them that these Roman catholic prelates are really `` bishops . '' Most undoubtedly , they are bishops as truly as any here . They are of the episcopal order ; and men , I dare say , in their individual character , highly worthy of that pre-eminence in the church . But , I am sure the noble duke knows enough of our ecclesiastical matters , to be apprised of the distinction between `` the poser of order '' and the `` power of jurisdiction . '' The `` power of order '' these Roman catholic prelates possess . But the `` power of jurisdiction '' does not of necessity attach upon the `` power of order . '' A man may