to the old mode condemned by the committee , or discover some new one himself , he would take the liberty of reminding him , that it was not drawing bills at par upon England which was condemned by the committee , but the attempts of the lords of the Irish treasury to lower the balance of exchange . Near 200,000l of the loan of last year was remitted in the ordinary way , and had no bad effect . By the measure the treasury took , it placed itself in the situation of man who should have property to sell , and should advertise that he must sell it on a particular day ; the obvious Consequence of which would be the depreciation of his property , from a knowledge beforehand of his necessity . remarked , that when large 72 sums were remitted , the exchange must be affected . The subject of the over issue had not been sufficiently investigated . As to the depreciated state of the paper of Ireland , it was a fact of which several gentlemen might not be aware , that the notes of the Bank of England were at a discount of 3 per cent . in Ireland . thought the noble lord had not sufficient grounds for his present motion ; it was not the manner of passing , bills , but the quantity in the market , which , was the occasion of the increase or depreciation of the rate of exchange . He was afraid that the reduction of the issue of the paper of the Bank of Ireland could not be expected at present . He was surprised that they had not taken the hint given in the report of the committee.—After this , lord A. Hamilton said a few words in reply , and his motion was negatived without a division . said , the object of the measure he intended to propose was , instead of the gradual reduction of the Militia to ' the original establishment of 40,000 for England , and 8,000 for Scotland , to make the reduction directly , by allowing the supernumeraries now existing above that amount , to volunteer into the line . By the returns of the militia , as it now stood for England and Scotland , for he would propose nothing with respect to Ireland at present , the amount was 70,000 men . On reference to the Militia acts it appeared that the total number of 41,000 for England , and 8,000 for Scotland , were described as privates , in which description corporals were not included . It was necessary , therefore , to make allowance for corporals , who were included in the return of rank and file . The number of corporals in the force to be kept up was 2,300 , making in the whole number for England and Scotland something above 1000 . Consequently the difference between that and the existing force afforded something about 17,000 men to be applied to the augmentation of the disposable force . Notwithstanding the variety of opinions that existed with respect to all military measures , it was a thing agreed on all sides , that an addition of 17,000 men , to be made in a moderate time to our disposable force , would be a great and important accession of national strength in the point in which it was most desirable ; he would say further , at a time when the existing circumstances of Europe rendered it likely that our dis- 73 posable force could he employed with most advantage ; the beneficial effects of the measure would be still heightened , because it was not merely men that would be gained for the regular army , but trained and disciplined soldiers , of a description far beyond What our regular army afforded till within these few years . The acquisition would be thus doubly valuable . Great , however , and desirable as this acquisition was allowed to be by all who expressed their sentiments on the military state of the country , he would not have desired it if