repealed were passed after he had taken the oath . Now , if it could be maintained that the oath has any reference at all to legislative measures , still I would ask , how can it affect acts passed after it was framed Such a doctrine appears to me calculated to produce the greatest confusion , and completely to overturn the constitution . If it were true , the government of this country would no longer be a mixed monarchy , but we should be in a mixed state of anarchy and confusion . But it is supposed that the coronation oath would be violated , because the effect of the measure now proposed would , it is said , be to overturn the church establishment of this country . These laws were , however , made against dissenters of all descriptions ; and yet the church was not overturned by our union with the presbyterians of Scotland . Was the coronation oath made to bend in the one case , and not in the other ? According to this new doctrine , Queen Anne must have broken her coronation oath when she consented to the union with Scotland , and his present majesty must already have violated his coronation oath more than once , when he sanctioned the acts passed in his reign for the relief of the Roman catholics . His majesty did not refuse his assent to these acts ; on the contrary , he did what I am sure he always will do ; he followed the advice of parliament , exercising at the same time his own judgment . While I glory in the name of an Englishman , I never can say that any thing which parliament thinks fit to be done . can not be done . If it had been the practice that nothing was to be moved in this house , but such questions as gentlemen had a reasonable hope of carrying , the country would have been deprived of most of the laws which now constitute its greatest pride and boast ; for the best measures have in general been at first strongly resisted , and have at last been rendered ultimately successful by the perseverance of those who introduced them , and the good sense of parliament . But I never can believe that any branch of of our constitution will forget its duty ; and I am sorry that the report of an opinion having been given on this subject , should be circulated—said to be given , too , by one who has a legislative voice , but who has no right to pronounce any opinion on matters pending in this house . His majesty 's lawful authority is one of the corner stones of the constitution ; but while I shall always exert myself to support that lawful authority , I 852 can not be silent when I see interested persons endeavouring to extend that influence beyond its due bounds . It would be a great and incalculable evil , were it to be established as a maxim in this house , than no person must move any measure , however great its benefits might be , if it were once whispered about , that it could not be successful , because another branch of the constitution was hostile to it . I could wish to see any sacrifice made for the gratification of the crown , except the sacrifice of the welfare and security of the country . The man who countenances such a sacrifice is not a loyal subject ; is not one who loves his king , but one who flatters him in order to betray him.—Having now troubled the house at so much length , I shall only briefly state a few of the minor points which the subject presents . There may be some persons who would not wish to repeal the whole of the restraints upon the Roman catholics , but who would wish to do away a part : I should therefore expect , that all who view the question in this way will concur with me in