the stone and other materials which you may judge necessary to be embarked , as shall be requisite for accomplishing the object in view . The advances you may have occasion to make for this service will hereafter be replaced by the treasury . As soon as the vessels shall be sufficiently laden , you will give directions that they should proceed with all possible expedition to the Downs , where all further orders will proceed from lord Keith . I am , sir , & c. ( Signed ) Hobart . Sir A. S. Hzmond , baronet , comptroller of the navy . '' `` No . 3 . Sir , I have received your letter of yesterday , inclosing an instruction which you had received from lord Hobart for the execution of a secret service , and which I have no doubt will be performed ; but as the whole expense is to be defrayed by the treasury , I do not see occasion for any part of the detail being submitted to the admiralty board . I return herewith lord Hobart 's letter , and have the honour to be , sir , & c. ( Signed ) St. Vincent . Admiralty , 10 March 1804 . Sir A. S. Hamond , baronet , comptroller of the navy . '' `` No . 4 . My dear sir , I hope you can report progress . I have not seen or heard from Mr. — since I saw you ; lord St. Vincent approves much of the direction being with you , and will himself write to lord Keith when the preparations are sufficiently forward . Yours faithfully , J . Sullivan . Downing Street , 18 Feb. 1804 , Sir A. S . Hamond . '' `` No . 5 . My dear sir , LordHobart begs the to say , that he hopes the vessel 's having taking the ground , is not an indication of draught of water being too great for the proposed service . He is going to settle with lord St. Vincent about the protections ; and I am going to arrange with 471 the treasury about the instructions to the Custom House . I am , my dear sir , faithfully yours , J. Sullivan . Downing Street , 21 Feb. 1804 . Sir A. S . Hamond . '' `` No . 6 . Downing Street , 23d Feb. 1804 . My dear sir , Lord Hobart proposes to send a messenger to-night to lord Keith , and hopes you will send your paquet to go by him . Lord St. Vincent 's letter will accompany it . Mr. Frewin of the Custom House , assures me that surveyors are not sent on board ships unless notice is given that a drawback will be claimed for any part of the cargo , or unless some suspicion is entertained of fraudulent practice . He will be in the chair of the Custom House all next week , and will see Mr.— and act upon any communication from him , if it should appear absolutely necessary ; but until the necessity shall occur , he is decidedly of opinion that it would not be advisable to give an order , because it would inevitably give publicity to the business . Mr. Frewin has been fully informed on the subject . I beg of you to send me the original paper of Mr. —or a copy of it . I am my dear sir , & c. J. Sullivan . Sir A. S . Hamond . '' No . 7 . Downing Street , 26th March 1804 . My dear sir , Though the accompanying are rather rejective , I have had some comfort from the report of — who arrived about an hour ago , He says , positively , that the other pilots agree in opinion with—that the project is practicable , and that if the ships should be placed in the proper births , they will produce all the effect we have been given to expect.—and — will call on you . I have sent them to lord St.