. gent . communicated their resolutions to his majesty ? That could not be ; else he must have been dismissed , and would not have been allowed to resign . The hon . member felt anxious that the house should stand high in the public opinion ; he felt doubly so , after the proceedings of the other night , lest it should be again let down . He begged to be allowed to state the way in which matters stood on the morning when they last adjourned . Many members were anxious that the concluding motion should then be made . He intimated his intention of bringing it forward that very night . Nothing fell from him indicative of any intention to relinquish his motion ; he only wished to postpone the moving it for a few hours on account of the exhausted state of the house . The right hon . gent. , without assigning any reason for the additional delay , proposed an adjournment for thirty-six hours . This Was objected to by his hon . friend ( Mr. fox ) , 369 unless it was understood that in the interval no public business should take place ; and the right hon . gent . with a countenance which he ( Mr. W. ) should not easily forget , said , upon every view of the case , it would be better to adjourn . Could it , however , be in the contemplation of the house , that this delay was for the purpose of allowing lord Melville time to resign ? If any member , however , found themselves taken by surprise , he should withdraw his motion , but at the same time he knew that was not a thing calculated to satisfy the public . He said so , not in any spirit of resentment against lord Melville , as if this resolution were necessary to make him feel his situation . If he had any feelings , and the hon . member entertained no doubt he had , nothing could ring them more than the resolution already passed by that house . He was conscious the sense of the house went with him , that it was necessary that lord Melville should never again hold any office of trust . All , therefore , that he desired was to find out some way of entering this opinion on the journals of the house , and that the motion had on that account been withdrawn . The parallels which had been set up as to the motions against ministers being allowed to drop on their resignation , did not at all apply . They were made on the ground of incapacity ; this was founded on a delinquency . He know that in common cases , to be expunged from the list of the privy council was no disgrace . It had occurred to his hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) . The right hon . gent . then in the plenitude of his power , had recommended it as a measure proper for his majesty 's adoption . He had , however , since retracted that opinion , and had recommended to his majesty not only to restore him to that honour , but to promote him to his highest confidence . He had asked pardon for his offence before God and man . But , could ever such a recommendation avail in favour of lord Melville ; after the resolutions adopted by that house ? —He was happy to understand that the Bank was not so much to blame as he had supposed ; and also to learn , by what fell from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , that the mode of conducting business in his office was entirely changed , such would always happen when principals began to do their duty . But , why , he must ask , was Trotter dismissed , and Wilson not ? The right hon . gent . had said , wilson was a deserving officer . With all respect for the assertion of the right