progressive improvement and cultivation of the intellect , are we to be gravely told , that the catholic mind alone stands still , and that the people of this day are to be convicted because their ancestors 600 years ago were bigots ? If so , let me ask again , who is the man amongst us who might not be equally condemned upon the same principle ? While arts , sciences , and manufactures , improve , it would be hard if the human mind alone , and peculiarly the catholic mind , remained where it was , and that men in this age should be tried by a few foolish resolutions passed in the council of Lateran . It has been said , that if the catholics were once admitted to an equal participation of rights , their first step would be , to overthrow the protestant government . I , however , am so far of a contrary opinion , that I can . never conceive the union of the 961 two countries , or British connexion , safe while three millions of our fellow-subjects are held in political bondage . The strongest security you can give to the protestant establishment , is to reconcile to it three millions of your fellow-subjects , who conceive that they are unfairly treated . Nothing appears to me so evil , so extravagant , and so unreasonable , as to suppose you can keep such multitudes always quiet , unless you are determined to redress them . Nor was there ever any thing more difficult for you to do , than to legislate for those whom you refuse to reconcile , and to whom , according to the speech of the hon . member , never under any circumstances can further concessions be made , nor any change be effected on the protestant mind in their favour . Many persons have expressed their surprise , that although the reformation extended itself so rapidly in England , it made so little and such slow progress in Ireland ; but a little reflection will soon resolve this problem . It is allowed that the same means have not been used in one country as in the other , for making the reformation take root . We have records and testimonies in abundance , to show that in times comparatively remote , Ireland was conspicuous for its civilization and literature ; nut the reign of Henry VIII. , when the reformation commenced , was one of the darkest ages of that country . There was another cause which did not less operate against the progress of reform . When the monarch already mentioned first attempted to extend it in Ireland , it appeared , from the letter addressed to him on that occasion by the Irish master of the rolls , that the sovereign 's government did not extend beyond twenty miles from Dublin , and of course his influence was proportionably contracted . It was bad policy to attempt at the same time the conquest and the reformation of the country ; and yet the reformer travelled with the sword in one hand and the reform in the other . It is therefore manifest that the regular order was inverted ; for the king should have conquered the country first , and endeavoured to convert the inhabitants afterwards . Here the reformations was propagated by argument and reason . The reformers preached to the people in their own language ; they listened to the voice of reason , and were in time convinced . In Ireland the reformed religion was preached in a language not understand the natives . The method taken was , to propagate it by the sword , which has seldom proved the 962 fittest instrument for making proselytes . In England the king had no competitor , and easily diffused his reformation amongst the people ; in Ireland he possessed but a very limited authority and the doctrines he wished to enforce were considered as coming from an enemy at open war with the people , their habits , customs , and prejudices , and therefore were opposed