the combination of circumstances under which the measure is brought forward.—Not having in any decree changed my opinion upon this subject , regarding it in the same point of view I did then , and retaining the same feelings , I must say that at the present moment I think I see little chance , I should rather say I see no chance , of its being carried at all , certainly not in that Way which I Meant , and in which way only I think it can be productive of real advantage to the petitioners , or of benefit to the state , I mean as a measure of peace and conciliation.—If then , sir , the question is not now to be carried , I think that to agitate it , under such circumstances , will only tend to revive those dissentions which we wish to extinguish , to awaken all that warmth and acrimony of discussion which has heretofore prevailed , and to excite those hopes , which , if they are to be disappointed , may be productive of the greatest mischief . As to the chance of carrying the question at present with general concurrence , of gratifying the catholic without offending the protestants , of confirming the affections of the one without raising the suspicions and exciting the fears of the other , not only Ireland but in England , I confess there appears to me to be none . I lament it as much as any man can do . I lament that the impression which now prevails has taken place ; many circumstances have combined to produce that impression , all of which are to be deplored . I ask any gentleman whether he does not believe , looking to the opinions of the members of the established church , of the nobility , of the men of property , of the middling and respectable classes of society—I ask him , whether he does not believe , looking the sentiments of the mass of the protestants of this country , and of Ireland , that there is the greatest repugnance to this measure , and that 1020 even if it could now be carried , so far from producing conciliation and union , it would tend , on the contrary , to disappoint all the prospects of advantage which under other circumstances would be derived from it Even those gentlemen who have argued the most strongly in favor of this measure have candidly confessed , that in the present state of men 's minds , it is not likely to be carried , I am sure I shall not be contradicted when I say , that ever since the union this subject has in a very considerable degree attracted public attention ; and that of late , notwithstanding the other events which have occupied the public mind , it has been the subject of much conversation both in public and private , particularly since the catholic petition has been presented , and since the hon . gent . has given notice of his present motion ; and I should disguise my real sentiments if I did not say , that at present the prevailing sentiment is strongly against this measure ; what circumstances may occur to overcome that sentiment it is not for me to predict or conjecture . In speaking of the probability of carrying this question at this time , I can not but advert to what fell from the hon . gent . who opened the debate this day , respecting the decision which took place last night in another place . I know perfectly well , that no man can mention the decision of another branch of the legislature purpose of influencing , much less of controlling , the decision of this house . I know there are many instances where difference of opinion have prevailed between this and the other house of parliament , in which the sentiments of this house , in concurrence with the public opinion , properly expressed have ultimately , prevailed . I am as far as any man , sir ,