lists into the hands of members as they entered . He ( Mr. S. ) had charged the fact upon ministers , and pledged himself to prove it to the house , and he accordingly had moved to 433 have Joseph Pearson , the door-keeper , called to the bar and examined . He was however , resisted by the right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Pitt ) , and the house divided against it , for the ayes were but 38 , and the noes 108 . In the present instance , he would recommend to his hon . friend to lay his list on the table , in some manner which would bring it fairly within the cognizance of the house . said , it was his intention to ground some proceeding upon the business , in case the list returned by the scrutineers should correspond with it . said , that unless the hon . member meant to conclude by some motion , there was no question now before the house . said he should then shape a motion , and accordingly moved the following resolution : — '' That it is a high breach of the privileges of this house , to circulate lists nominating persons to be chosen on any committee by ballot . '' The question being then put , the house divided , when there appeared , for the motion , 45 ; against it , 124 ; majority , 79 . On the motion of Mr. Grey the order of the day for the attendance of Peter Stuart , the printer of `` the Oracle '' was now read . spoke against the adoption of any severe measure as to the editor of `` the Oracle . '' Although he was perfectly convinced in his own mind , as to the propriety of supporting tine resolutions of the house , yet his peace of mind was not at all broke in upon because his conduct , along with that of other members , had been severely censured . It was well known with what rigour the house had enforced their determination not to restrain any animadversion by the public on the conduct of parliament . God forbid ! said the hon . member , that the people of this country should have any impediments thrown in their way , in discussing the conduct of their representatives fairly and freely . Most certainly , such a liberty ought to be exercised in a becoming manner . It was well known , that the publishers of papers were too apt to indulge themselves in discussing what they called party questions . He professed to be of no party ; but he felt as much as any man the necessity of maintaining , in all its purity , what was called the liberty of the press . His own opinion in the pre- 434 sent instance was , that the honour and dignity of parliament would be best maintained by passing over in silence such trifling indiscretions . The acting otherwise , would have no other effect than to countenance them . Parliament ought to entertain a firmer reliance on its own rectitude . Such were his sentiments on this occasion , and he hoped , that some other member , better acquainted with the customs of the house , would suggest some mode by which such a dignified and independent conduct might still be rigorously attended to , even in the present case . said , that if he had conceived this matter to be of light or trivial importance , he should never have made such a complaint . There was no member in the house more unwilling than he was to enter complaints against individuals , or to interfere with the free discussion of public affairs . Had the present paragraph been only a free comment on public matters , as the hon . gentleman who had just spoken seemed to imply , he should not have troubled the house on this occasion . It was not difficult , however , to judge of the true nature and