report referred to them , in order to his being examined ; and that their lordships had signified their intention to send their answer by a messenger of their own.—Mr . Jeffery gave notice , that he should on Monday make a motion relative to the number of vessels that had been fitted out and stored in his majesty 's yards during the administration of lord St. Vincent.—Mr . Tierney submitted whether the hon . gent . ought not in candour to state the nature of the papers for which he intended to move ; and whether , if he intended to make them the ground of charge upon the noble earl , it would not he more fair at once to move for an inquiry into his conduct , than to bring forward a charge upon an ex parte statement.—Mr . Jeffery stated his object to be , to procure a document whereby the comparative state of the navy then and at present might be ascertained , and whether the former administration of the admiralty was entitled to the approbation of the house.—The chancellor of the exchequer brought up the bill for continuing , for a time to be limited , the act for appointing the commissioners of naval inquiry , which was read a first time ; also the bill for appointing commissioners to inquire into the different departments of the public expenditure therein mentioned , and 593 to report thereon to the house.—Read a first time . —A petition of the freeholders of Middlesex was . presented to the house by Mr. Byng , setting forth , `` that the votes of your hon . house on the 8th and 10th days of April last , founded on the tenth report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , has interested the whole nation , and no part of the nation more deeply than your petitioners.—We humbly crave the liberty of stating , that no measures ever yet issued from the commons of England which had diffused more gladness or raised more expectations than the said votes of April the 8th and 10th , declaring lord viscount Melville to be 'guilty of a gross violation of the law and a high breach of duty ; ' thereby supporting the upright and virtuous discharge of the salutary duties of the said commissioners , whose conduct has excited the gratitude and the confidence of the whole country.—That the renewal of the said commission is a subject of unfeigned joy to your petitioners ; and that we entreat your hon . house to be careful to make the new law effectual , and adequate to its end . We pray your hon . house to attend particularly to those parts of the tenth report which have detailed the obstacles thrown by persons in office in the way of the investigation of the said commissioners , and to guard against their repetition.—We submit to your hon . house whether the subaltern agents of corruption will not be eager to shelter their contumacy under the example of their superiors , unless the explicitness and enlarged authority of the law defeat their artifices . Nothing , we are persuaded , could be more revolting to the public sentiment , or could more thoroughly disappoint the hopes of the country , than that , instead of inquiries real , honest , and efficient , a fallacious and illusory system should be allowed to be adopted , under which real guilt might elude detection , and the substance of earnest investigation be sacrificed to mere pretence and show.—Your petitioners humbly beg leave to state to your hon . house , that a civil action against viscount Melville and Mr. Trotter would not , of itself , be satisfactory to the public expectation . That a criminal prosecution against these delinquents is the real wish of the country ; because the recovery of millions of money would not be of such real benefit to the people , as to see the justice of the law vindicated upon a great malefactor , with the 594 same equal , impartial , partial , and inflexible sternness , with which