He never asserted that the mode now proposed would wholly or necessarily fail of effect ; he only said that great difficulties might arise to obstruct the end it attempted to accomplish . If it was the object of the mover to obtain pecuniary redress for the public , the court of King 's Bench might not be able to grant that redress . It could not grant it unless evidence was adduced of the distinct amount of lord Melville 's participation in the illegal profits . Otherwise an enormous fine might be attempted to be imposed upon him , which the court would not be able to make out . Better hopes of the recovery of the money for the public might be entertained , therefore , from a civil than a criminal prosecution , and from that persuasion he should vote for the adoption of the former . —I can not agree in the scanty and restricted powers which some honourable and learned gentlemen will only allow to this house . I always thought , that by the spirit of the constitution it possessed stronger inquisitorial powers than any other tribunal in the country . .The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) would have it understood , that the house does not wish to proceed to any more punishment against lord Melville ; but I contend , on the contrary , that the house has not shewn any disposition to stop here . We have voted that lord Melville has violated the law , for private emolument . What then is the next question ? Why give us the money back again , and we have done with you ? But how are we to get the money ? The attorney-general gives very little hope of the mode proposed ; and therefore I approve of a committee of the whole house as the best mode of getting at the crime , the punishment , and pecuniary redress . I feel it an unpleasant task to rise for the purpose of defending the dignity of the house . The house may not waste its time upon persons of inferior note ; but I contend that there is no precedent of a minister , high in the king 's councils for many years , breaking the and suspected of a corrupt motive in doing so , being handed over to the attorney-general . I am confident there is no case nor precedent of the kind . I disclaim a vindictive spirit towards viscount Melville , and assert , that my conduct yields to no influence , except a sincere regard for the honour of the house of commons . I think , therefore , that the house can not stop here , but , that it must call for some 506 punishment : The plain question is , whether the house thinks that enough has been done ? If they think enough has been done , they will vote for a civil process , in concert with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) . If they think the public expect that punishment should follow guilt , they will adopt the , criminal proceeding . With regard to the questions referred to the committee , namely , how far the right hon . gent. , as first lord of the treasury , may be concerned , and two or three others , they are only so many episodes , while the main story out of which they arise , is not to be touched . I lament that we are driven to this course ; but I think our character and our duty to the public require that we should send viscount Melville to that tribunal where justice may inflict punishment wherever convicted guilt deserves it . challenged any law officer of the crown to state , that any good was likely to result from the mode they supported . The books and papers of third parties could not be called for . All that was wanted could be got by criminal prosecution . If a man was not pronounced guilty who refused to