proper , dignified conduct in the house , ascribe it to what the hon . gent . below me ( Mr. Fox ) , has so much dwelt upon , bitterness and rancour . They would say , this noble lord , after full forty years of most meritorious services to the state , and most of these in the highest situations , has had a very unmerited return , severe in the extreme , so much so , that all these measures taken by the house , must certainly have arisen , not from public virtue , but from a most persevering vindictive spirit . Sir , this conclusion is the more natural when we look to the character of that noble lord throughout the country . As to his being concerned in any sort of peculation , it is totally out of the question . No man whatever , I conceive , could believe a thing of the sort . There is no man that has the honour of his acquaintance , who does not know him to be incapable of benefiting by the public money , or by any other thing not perfectly honourable . Such suspicion could scarce arise in the mind of any person , as indeed being directly contrary to the habits of his life . No man has ever valued money less ; indeed , from what we all know , if he had chosen to benefit by the public money , he might have had millions . On the contrary , those who have the pleasure of knowing 365 him best , I believe know , that if he made the two ends meet at the end of the year , he was well pleased . Much has been said about enmity and illiberality , I believe , sir , that all who know his lordship as well as I do , know him to be as honourable , liberal , and humane a character as ever existed . The subject which the hon . member below ( Mr. Fox ) urged so much , of his lordship 's violence in turning out the dean of faculty , I must take the liberty of saying , is completely unfounded . Lord Melville had no more to do in the turning him out than you had . The dean of faculty , sir , is elected by the majority of the votes of that respectable body , over whom he presides , and no individual , however powerful , could influence them in their choice . I must also touch on something which fell from another hon . member of Ireland below me , who was offended with the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) saying that no British lawyer would have so acted . The hon . Irish member I see does not know that we commonly , when speaking of British subjects , call them English , be they English , Scotch , or Irish ; he therefore , I hope , will never be offended with the word English being applied in future to express any of his majesty 's subjects , or suppose it can be meant as an allusion to any particular part of the united kingdom . said , that it was not his intention to have said any thing on the present question ; had it not been in consequence of what had fallen from the hon . member who spoke last , founded on the observation of a right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Canning ) . That right hon . gent . had said , that no man could reproach lord Melville with being a bitter political adversary . There was a country which was probably known to the right hon . gent . only by the account given of it by Dr. Johnson . In that country ( Scotland ) lord Melville was known to be a bitter political adversary , and he was therefore the more surprised to hear the hon . member who spoke last , who was a native of Scotland ,