and import of the observation alluded to , which had fallen from his noble relation . His noble relation as his Royal Highness understood him , wished to establish how essential it was that a liberal interpretation of the orders of their lordships on the usage of debate should take place . A Noble Friend of his ( lord Grenville ) had been called to order that evening by a noble earl oppo- 163 site ; and the remark of his noble relative then was , that the same liberty ( that of speaking more than once ) had been assumed by the noble lord on the woolsack , and that he thought it but proper that a similar indulgence should be extended to his noble friend , and other lords on that side of the house on which he commonly sat . In making this observation , His Royal Highness was conscious that nothing was more distant from the mind of his noble relation than to throw out any improper reflection against any noble lord whatever , particularly against any person who had the honor of filling the seat of Speaker of that house ; and he submitted it to the candour of the noble and learned lord himself , if the observation of his noble relation was not strictly consistent with that liberal practice which had generally distinguished the proceedings of their lord ships . After some further discussion , lord , Grenville agreed generally to move for the house going into a committee , without any reference to the standing order . The house having accordingly gone into a committee , rose in support of the motion of lord Auckland for referring the different points which he had formerly submitted to the house , for the opinion of the twelve judges . His lordship particularly alluded to the precedents which he had pointed out on a former night , and state that , in consequence of the doubts suggested by a noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) , he had caused the records of one of these cases , Bridgman v. Holt , to be searched for , and it clearly made out his original assertion , being a case directly in point ; there , as in the present case , a petition had been presented to the house against three of the judges of the Common Pleas , which the house ordered them to answer . In the answer lodged , these judges refused to plead the merits of the case unless when called before a legal tribunal . They denied the jurisdiction of their lordships , and maintained that the calling them before the house was contrary to the established law of the land . On considering the matter , after taking the opinion of the other judges , the house came to be of the same mind , and the matter was dismissed . recapitulated the arguments which he had formerly adduced in support of the centrary opinion ; main- 164 tained that the precedents referred to by the noble lord could not apply , as they occurred previous to the passing of the act of settlement ; admitted it to be the established law of the land that no judicial proceeding of a criminal nature could originate in that house ; but contended that the measure now before the house was not of a judicial nature , instituted with the view of punishment . He could not , at the same time , see why the judges should not be considered as equally safe in the hands of the two houses of parliament as in those of twelve ordinary men , whose verdict against them would , if the arguments on the other side went to any thing , be obligatory on their lordships , and would be a sufficient call on them to address his majesty for the dismissal of any judge against whom such a verdict should be found . could not at all see the meaning of the distinction laid down by the noble and learned lord . He stated that this was not a judicial matter ,