subject . It appeared to him that the principal thing which was to protect the soldier from capricious punishment , was effected in this country by making a court-martial necessary before punishment could be inflicted . He thought that by the French code , the soldier was more exposed to capricious punishment , as he had not the benefit of a trial . He hoped that the evil would be corrected in a gradual manner ; and he thought that it would be best effected by countenancing those officers who kept up the discipline of their regiments without making those punishments often necessary , and by discountenancing those who only preserved the discipline of their regiments by the frequency and severity of corporal punishments . He thought the feelings of the officers , and the fashion of the service , would do more to diminish these punishments , than could safely be done by the legislature . said , that his principal objection to the motion was , that it might at the present moment do harm , and that it could not do good . If the motion was agreed to at the close of the session , it would hold out hopes and expectations to 1122 the soldiers , which would probably be disappointed . He therefore thought it would do no good to turn the attention of the legislature to the subject ; but that it might do a great deal of good , to have the attention of the different commanding officers directed to the consideration of the subject . In that point of view only it appeared to him that good could result from the agitation of this question . Perhaps the different commanding officers might , by consulting together upon the subject , find out other punishments that would be equally effectual in keeping up the discipline of those regiments , without being so obnoxious to the feelings of men in general . He did not conceive , however , that the motion of the hon . baronet had justly subjected him to any reproof , as it was notorious that the punishment of the lash was much less frequent in foreign armies than in ours . was decidedly adverse to the production of such returns . They would be only giving to the house the groans of the sufferers , without giving the evidence upon which they received their sentences . Corporal punishment was not peculiar to the army , but might be inflicted by the sentence of the judges for various offences at the common law . A soldier had , in addition to the court-martial that tried him , the advantage of an appeal to the commander in chief , who might order a general court-martial , and he had actually known a case where a soldier had obtained a new trial upon such an appeal , and was acquitted.—The house then divided : For the motion 4 ; Against it 77.—Majority 73. rose , in consequence of the notice he had given , for the purpose of bringing before the house the intended encroachments in Hyde Park . It would be unnecessary for him to endeavour to impress upon the house the great advantages which the population of this vast metropolis derived from having access to the three Parks . It was , therefore , a subject of considerable regret to him , to find there was a plan in contemplation for devoting a great part of Hyde Park to private edifices . It was a very ungracious thing in any officer to recommend to his majesty that certain parts of it should be granted out for such purposes . He would not deny that the king had the right of doing so ; but when it was considered that within these few years the public had paid no less than 71,000l . for 1123 the improvement of the Parks , he could not help thinking that they had a pretty good claim to the use of them at least . It was said that the proposed plan would extend only to eight houses , but if the buildings were