that under the permanent militia establishment ; for whilst persons could not enter into the latter , without destruction to all their domestic habits and prospects in life , the service under the former would not be attended by that ruin which the right hon . gent , apprehended . The permission of insurance would have the effect of throwing the whole burthen of service upon the poorer classes , by withdrawing all those whose means enabled them , by insurance , to cover themselves from the personal service . He was convinced , that insurance was at complete variance with the principle of the measure , and therefore he could not consent to allow it under any circumstances to interfere with the operation of this bill . thought that the clause , as worded , appeared to be too severe ; because it would seem that in every instance the fine was to be the property of the person paying it , whereas he was of opinion that parents should be allowed to pay for their sons , and masters for their apprentices or servants . did not approve of permitting persons to insure , and thought 10l . a very proper sum to be paid in the way of fine . For if the fine was very low , and insurance was permitted , the consequence would be that every person would insure , and the fine would be paid by the insurance offices . contended , that by insurance they who insured would not do it to : withdraw themselves from the service of the country , but to enable them to meet an option held out to them by the legislature . He insisted also that it was the middle class of industrious persons that 827 would , by the prohibition of insurance be ruined , either by the fine , or by personal service , to the utter destruction of their business or professions . He entirely disapproved of the clause . acceded to the principle suggested by Mr. D. Giddy , and had no doubt that a proviso might be prepared to allow fathers to pay the fine for their sons , and masters for their apprentices or servants , without interfering with the general operation of the bill.—A division then took place , when the numbers were , For the Clause , 106 ; Against it , 16.—Majority , 90 . The other clause was then agreed to , and the house having resumed , the report was brought up , when the Speaker informed the house , that the whole report was now before the house , and that the question would be that the amendments of the committee be agreed to , which passed in the affirmative.—The amendments having been gone through , lord Castlereagh proposed Wednesday next for the third reading of the bill . expressed his surprise that the noble lord should be so anxious to precipitate the last stage of the bill , the more so , as it had this night been allowed to proceed two stages . felt no less surprised at the surprise of the right hon . gent. , for surely no hurry had taken place in the progress of the bill ; on Wednesday last the bill was in a committee , and then the only clauses to which the right hon . gent . had objected , were again under consideration . There was now to occur an interruption of business for three or four days , and during that period , the right hon . gent , would surely be able to make up his mind with respect to any further objections which it might be his intention to offer against the principle or the provisions of the bill . Mr. W. Wynne , Mr. Tierney , and Mr. Calcraft , were exceedingly anxious the third leading of the bill might not be pressed for Wednesday next , especially if the Curates ' bill was to take precedence of it . The bill was unquestionably of more importance than any of those which were said to stand in the way .