. ' He admitted that many-frauds had been committed by persons who got exempted by pretending to be dissenting clergymen . But there was a numerous sect called Baptists , whose teachers had in many instances , so little salary , that they became booksellers or stationers , being , however , really clergymen . The operation of these words would be peculiarly hard on them , and he would propose an amendment to remedy this inconvenience on the Report . objected , that nothing was more usual than for masons , bricklayers , and other handicraftmen , to setup for spiritual teachers , and hence a clause like that wished to be introduced , would most erroneously include these unworthy objects within its provision . After a few words from lord H. Petty , sir J. C. Hippisley and Mr. Lee Keck , the amendment was negatived without a division . adverted to the clause , refusing exemption to apprentices , and contended that this was most injurious to the young men themselves , as they would be taken from their employments , the knowledge of which they might not have sufficiently acquired , and fall into habits inconsistent with their occupations , while the masters would be most seriously injured in their property , the young men being taken from them at the age when they would be of most use to them . It was known that the permanent duty of the volunteers did much harm in this way . observed , that as the master would probably not come within the age fixed by the bill , it would be no great hardship on him to have his apprentice called out , particularly as the twenty-eight days service was not intended to be 411 successive , and as the apprentice in no instance was to be permitted , during the continuance of his indentures , to enlist in the line . persisted in taking the sense of the house.—After some further conversation , strangers were ordered to withdraw , but no division took place . adverted to the words in the same clause , that 'no poor man who has more than one child ' should be exempted from this service , though exempt from the regular militia ; and proposed , in order to make the thing more precise and intelligible , to leave out the words 'more than one child , ' and substitute 'less than three children . ' This was agreed to . Stanhope and Mr. Vansittart objected to the scale of gradation in the imposition of fines . observed upon the necessity of proportioning the fines to the conditions of the different orders of the community : those belonging to what may be called the smaller gentry , would be induced to serve by a fine that would be sufficient to compel persons of an inferior description . ridiculed the idea of compelling the small gentry to live for 28 days the life of a common soldier , herding with the lowest dregs of society , by a penalty of 30l . On the clause which states , that persons claiming exemption upon the payment of fines , are to swear that they have not insured themselves against such fines , or any part thereof , a long discussion took place . Mr. Windham , seeing that the committee was not likely to come to a determination speedily upon that point , the bill not being half gone through with , and it being then late in the night ( about 12 o'clock ) , proposed that the debate should be adjourned , in order that gentlemen might come to the discussion with their faculties more alert than they could be supposed to be at that time ; and that several gentlemen , who were absent , from an idea that the debate would not be brought forward that night , might have a fair understanding of the time of its being discussed . In this proposition , he was supported by lord Milton , sir G. Warrender , Mr. W. Wynne , and Mr. Tierney . , the Chancellor of