of Ireland , and not in the usual course , in London , and at the same time with the money wanting for the services of England.—With respect to the other conditions on which the Charter of the Bank is to be renewed , they were by no means such conditions as ought to be acceded to , as a sufficient consideration for so valuable a concession as the renewal of the Charter . The security which the renewal will afford to the Bank for so many years of the great advantages which it enjoys from its exclusive rights in the Banking Trade , should have obtained for the public much more advantageous terms . As to the Bank 's agreeing to manage the public debt gratis , and thus to surrender a claim on the public of about 7,000l . per annum , this is in fact a transaction unfavourable to the public , if at the same time it is to be understood that the Bank are to make no allowance to the public for the balances of public money which he in their hands . These balances amount , on an average , to a sum of 300,000l . and according to the principles laid down in the report of the Committee of Finance , the public have a just claim to be allowed 5l . per cent , on this sum—but instead of any such allowance being a part of the terms entered into with the Bank , no mention is made of these balances , and therefore , in the place of the public being benefited by a sum of 7,000l . per ann . on account of no charge being made for managing the public debt , 832 they lose 7,000l . being the difference between 15,000l . ( which the public have a right to receive on the balances of 300,000l . ) , and 7,000l . which the Bank have a right to for managing the dept.— In answer to what has been said respecting the favour which the Bank has conferred on the public by lending to them this sum of 1,250,000l . the hon . member maintained , that each subscriber to this loan will be able to sell his share , immediately upon the bill being passed into a law , for a premium of 20 or 30 per cent . or even more . For if , upon a capital of 1,500,000l . the Bank have been hitherto able for several years , to divide a profit of 7 per cent , and a bonus of 5 per cent , in each year , and if the renewal of the Charter secures to them the continuance of all those means by which they have hitherto made these profits , the addition of one million to their former capital of one million and an half , can not possibly contribute to lower the rate of profit on which the Bank transact their business ; but must inevitably have the operation , that an encreased capital has , in all commercial transactions , to securing , and even augmenting this rate of profit . As to the praise which has been given to the Bank for their liberality in discounting at 1l . per cent , below the legal rate of interest , and their claim to the gratitude of the house on this account , he said it was necessary only to observe , that all the bankers of Dublin , one only excepted , discount at the same rate , and that it is not a fair way of judging how far this is a liberal practice or not , by referring it to the law which fixes the rate of interest , because the only just criterion of judgment is the value of money in the market ; and when the public loans and the prices of public securities shew that the value of money is not even 5l . per cent , it can not be urged that the Bank confer any very great favour on the public , when they discount at this rate.—But the