had once professed . I might say now , as I should have said then , to the Catholics of Ireland : ' I do not recommend your urging your petition now ; but since it has been urged , I will support it strenuously by my vote , my speech , and my interest . I have told you I thought your case just : I think so still ; and whenever it is discussed I will assist it . ' But the noble lord asked : 'Why did you not do so when in power ? ' And , sir , who shall tell me we did not do so ? Who shall tell me we did not implicitly guard ourselves against deserting the Roman Catholics , if their petition should be presented ? And while we told them we did not think it would be prudent to present it , we . endeavoured to express towards them and towards Ireland , a conduct which might evince our sincerity , and deserve their confidence . But , you are the friends of the Catholics also , it seems ; and how do you prove it ? Why , by forgetting them . in toto ; by forgetting the existence of one fourth of the population of the united empire ; by putting their claims into your 593 pockets and your cabinets , and locking up your principles and opinions , as well as their claims and interests , until it suits your convenience to bring them once again to light ! What ! sir , was this treating a people with dignity , or decency , or likely to conciliate or convince them ? But , the noble lord comes down again with his stale charge of inconsistency , which he is so well qualified to adduce ! what was his course in similar cases ? Why , at first , so strong were the scruples of his conscience , that , as a disappointed friend , and professed advocate and party to their unsuccessful claims , he quitted office at the union ; he then had a taste of opposition , and shortly returned to power , without a single concession being made ! Well , there he now sits , and here are the identical claimants , with the identical claims , to which he had before expressed himself so resolutely attached ; and what does he say to them ? 'Oh ! thank you , my friends , I was dupe enough to leave office on your account once , but here I am once more , and never will I incur the same risk again , for I know by experience how mischievous it is to have an opinion about you ; and never will I again express an opinion . ' Such is the consistency of the noble lord ! I wish , as much as any man , that the state of Ireland was such as to admit of such versatility in politics . I wish it was a picture over which a veil might be drawn at pleasure : but , alas ! we have had sufficient and melancholy proofs that it is otherwise . The petition is supported on a principle of faith . At the union , a tacit promise had been given to the Catholics , that , on the completion of that event , their claims would find at least a favourable reception . The acts of the government , the language , the prospects held out to the people of Ireland , all confirmed them in this expectation . You will not deny to the Catholics of Ireland that they express the sentiments of four millions of people . You will not , you can not deny , that , on every principle of reason , justice , and common sense , they are entitled to an equal participation of rights and privileges with their protectant fellow-subjects . If this your opinion be with them , why is the vote that declares that opinion to be against them ? I will not characterize such a vote