could be gained , and that they could be rendered good and loyal subjects . In this view he considered it as highly impolitic to sacrifice so important an object for a consideration so extremely inconsiderable as 3,000l . ( of Kerry ) was of opinion that , in the present circumstances , curtailing the former grant to the Irish catholic seminary was one of the most impolitic measures that could be devised . supported the grant of the larger sum . did not wish to take up the time of the house ; but , at the same time , it was impossible not to notice what had fallen from the chancellor of the exchequer . No person was indeed better 126 entitled than that right hon . gent . to deprecate the raising of cries on any subject ! But , were these cries about religion ; such could never come from him ! He was above them ! He would be the very last person to tell us that the Church of England was in danger ! He was undoubtedly above all tricks and artifices of this kind , and the house ought to follow his advice , in adopting a similarly dignified and becoming line of conduct . When out of power , he had set them a brilliant example of resignation , and of a desire to promote unanimity and good order . The house had additional encouragement to unanimity and christian love coming from another hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who was himself clothed and wrapped up in a cloak of religion and good will towards all mankind , except towards gentlemen on the side of the house to which he ( Mr. P. ) unfortunately belonged . According to that hon . gent . 's estimation , ministers were all wisdom and all excellence ; but the opposition was distinguished by nothing but faction and discontent . That hon . gent . would have the house go and instil into the minds of the people of Ireland the liberality , bounty , and tolerance of ministers , whether they believed in them or not . The tolerance of the chancellor of the exchequer seemed to go the length of 9000l . ; but whenever 13,000l . was talked of , the establishment would step in . adverted to one or two of the general objections which Protestants have to the Catholic faith ; but only so far as was necessary to repel some harsh attacks of the opposition speakers , and support his declared opinion that we could not , as members of a Protestant communion , consistently or conscientiously educate clergymen for the Catholic Church , a ground on which he would have opposed that particular mode of assisting the Catholics of Ireland , if the question of founding the Maynooth College were then before the house , and on the same principle felt himself bound to oppose the further , and as he conceived , needless extension of that establishment . He was sure that the feelings of sincere and pious Papists would revolt at the idea of educating , at their own charge , clergymen for the Church of England , to propagate what they deemed heretical doctrines ; and sincere Protestants , who regarded the distinguishing tenets and rites of the church of Rome as corruptions of Christianity , were bound on the same principle , not to be directly 127 instrumental in teaching what , in a religious view , they deemed to be dangerous errors , by educating men for the Catholic priesthood.—At the same time that the hon . member avowed his sense of the importance of those distinctions which separate the two churches , and expressed his surprise that any gentleman in that house should treat them as matters of indifference , he strongly reprobated every degree of intolerance in religion , and disclaimed not only the vile principle of persecution , but the illiberality of disliking , or forming harsh judgments of men , on account of their errors in faith . For his part , he respected and regarded