no feeling for a rigorous exercise of the prerogative , where that exercise trenched upon the true interests of his people . At present , he had no motion to submit on this subject , but more strongly to impress the opinion he before stated , with respect to their lordships seeking a conference with the house of commons , to ascertain their views upon that measure , and particularly because , in one part of this bill , there was a reference to further objects of reform and retrenchment . said , in the second stage of this bill he should certainly feel it his duty to advert to the observations of the noble earl . He then only wished to know , when it was intended to read this bill a 2nd time ? proposed the 9th of May , which was adopted . observed , that he held in his hand a Petition from a numerous body of men , styling themselves Roman Catholics , and praying relief from that house , in the hope that they might be admitted to the franchises of the constitution . He should not for the present enter into the matter of the petitioners ' case , but content himself with moving that the Petition be received , and lie upon the table . On the 16th of May , however , he should submit a proposition to the house upon the subject . He fixed upon that day as the most convenient to several gentlemen who took a warm interest in the Petition , and he trusted it would prove equally convenient , to the gentlemen opposite . He had only to add , that this Petition was signed by a great proportion of the most respectable members of the Catholic body , many of whom had actually subscribed the Petition , whilst others , whose names appeared to it , had their signatures affixed by authority given to the persons who subscribed for them . The Petition , however , he should present as that of the persons only who had actually subscribed their own signatures to it . He moved therefore , that the Petition be received . desired 33 to know what was the proportion the real signatures bore to those which were affixed by the authority alluded to by the right hon . gent . replied , that he was not prepared to state the proportion , but that the number of signatures affixed by order of the parties , amounted to several thousands . suggested that it would be extremely desirable , if the right hon . gent . could point out any distinctive mark by which those which purported to be the signatures of the parties could be known and distinguished from the real signatures . replied , that all signatures by the authority of the parties , were written in the same hand , whereas the bona fide signatures were written in the various hands of the subscribing persons . He could prove the signatures of some of them himself , and these were men of the highest respectability , some of them , for instance lord Fingal , being at present in London . He had stated in candour the nature of some of the signatures , and with a view to guard against any imputation that he had presented a Petition purporting to express the sentiments of persons who had never subscribed it . Every person whose name appeared to the Petition , was ready to come forward and subscribe it , but he had thought it better to present the Petition in its present form than to send it back to Ireland and risk the consequences of the various meetings that must necessarily be called in order to obtain signatures . stated , that it was notorious that the Petition had been actually subscribed by several of the most eminent and respectable members of the Catholic body , and as such eight to be received . felt no objection to receiving the Petition , if that could be done without departing from the constant practice of parliament . From the