of credit , to enable the government more effectually to second the wishes of all ranks of Englishmen , by aiding and assisting the Spaniards . He had no doubt that had such a message been sent down , it would have been met with the unanimous concurrence of that house , and he was equally certain that that concurrence would have been echoed throughout the country . He would , however , abstain from saying more upon this subject , or going the length his feelings on such a subject would naturally lead him , as he might be liable to misrepresentation ; but he would repeat , that from the bottom of his soul he wished success to the patriotic efforts of the Spaniards , and that their present glorious struggle might be crowned with the recovery of their liberty as a people , and the assertion of their independence as a nation ; and in thus expressing his own , he felt assured he spoke the wishes of that house and the country . said , that upon a recent occasion , when the present subject was brought before the consideration of the house , he had felt it his painful duty to express his disapprobation of the tone and manner in which the hon . gent , had thought fit to comment on certain circumstances , the recapitulation of which could not have been attended with any good consequences ; it now , however , gave him considerable pleasure , that the grateful task had devolved to him of expressing his complete coincidence in the feelings manifested by the hon . gent . as to the issue of the great and glorious struggle in which the Spanish people were at present engaged . He differed , however , from the hon . gent , as to the justice of the animadversions in which he had indulged on his 1143 majesty 's ministers , because they had not felt it necessary to call for an expression of the sense of parliament on the subject ; for his part , he was free to confess , that in his opinion there did not exist a necessity for such a proceeding . The hon . gent . had himself in a slight degree travelled out of the ordinary course of parliamentary usage , to express his surprise that no further vote of credit had been asked for ; he did not despair , however , of being able to satisfy the hon . gent , upon this head . The reason why the government had not thought it necessary , was simply , that the provision already made by parliament had been so liberal , that the government were not without the means of giving to the cause of freedom and independance , by assisting the Spaniards , that aid which the public voice , and the wishes of every friend to liberty throughout the world , demanded should be promptly and unconditionally offered . He could assure the hon . gent , and the house , that no means would be left untried , that no exertion would be wanting on their parts , to make all the resources which they had it in their power to apply , subservient to the great object , as much wished for by them as by his majesty , by the parliament , and by the country . It was not for him at present to anticipate the opinion of that house upon the manner in which his majesty 's ministers should acquit themselves of the great and solemn obligations , in which they might be said to stand bound to their country and to Europe ; how far ministers upon this great occasion had done , what they could do and ought to do , parliament upon a future occasion would have an opportunity of deliberately judging and determining . observed , in explanation , that the turn which the noble lord had been pleased to give to what he had said on a late occasion , when the same subject en a former evening was brought before the house