of the bill , the effect it will produce , its being the commencement of the improvement of the civil judicature of Scotland ( though far short of what ought to be done ) are reasons sufficient for this feeling . But I should have regretted it likewise for reasons personal to myself . The learned lord , who has now moved the third reading of the bill , had postponed the second reading of it , for my accommodation , several weeks ago , so that my illness ( which was the cause of that short delay ) , may possibly be the cause of the proceeding being retarded to the present time . If my health had permitted , I would have attended the Committee some days ago , and offered , on that occasion , what occurs to me on the subject ; but I was unable for such an attendance , and I doubt how far I shall have strength , even now , to discharge the task which I think it incumbent on me , at this last stage of the proceeding , to perform.—The judicature of Scotland , in all its parts , has been for very many years , the subject of my most deliberate and anxious attention . I have been excited to it by particular causes , which I need not now relate . In the civil branch of it , I have been led by my practice as a lawyer , in the Court of Apellate Jurisdiction , and by my connection with that country , and the sincere interest , which I take in all its concerns , to see and feel the defects of its judicial system . And I should have been extremely concerned , indeed , if this bill had passed the legislature without my having had an opportunity of delivering some opinions on the subject , which are strongly impressed on my mind , and which I flatter myself may prove useful.—A system of judicial juris- 1064 prudence is one of the most interesting subjects that can employ the human mind . It is interesting as deciding upon all the real and personal rights of the community to which it relates , and as turning on principles of jurisprudence which raise it much beyond an ordinary subject of legislative discussion.—The bill under consideration proposes to divide the Court into two Chambers , or Courts . Whatever observations may occur to me respecting the defects of other parts of it , that regulation is alone sufficient to make me think that it should pass into a law . It would be most mischievous indeed to defeat that object , or to do any thing by delay or debate which should frustrate , or even procrastinate , the measure . In other respects , there is much ground for observation ; but I can assure the house , that my intention is to make those observations without any spirit of hostile debate . On the contrary , I shall endeavour to avoid all eagerness of argument , and to preserve that calmness , and ( if I may use the expression , ) that judicial tone of discussion which ought to prevail on this most important and interesting subject of judicial jurisprudence.—One of the chambers into which it is proposed to divide the Court of Session , is to be presided over by the president , consisting of the president , and seven ordinary lords . The other is to be presided over by the justice-clerk , and to consist of the justice-clerk and six ordinary lords.—The division into two courts is important , in-as-much as it removes a great defect in the judicial system of Scotland , by giving a choice of forums . At present , there is but one court , consisting of fifteen judges , so that , though the suitor can select the lord ordinary , before whom he will bring his action , he has no choice of tribunal when the cause goes before the whole court . The effect of-the present system , therefore , is to exclude all competition