persecution . Thus far he thought it proper to make this statement to their lordships , before whom he might not be disposed to bring any distinct motion , whatever mode of conduct he might think proper to pursue hereafter in regard to this subject . made a few observations on what he conceived to be the tendency of the Orders in Council , as proved by the documents on the table , to injure the trade of the country ; it appeared by an Account upon the table , of Exports and Imports for the quarter ending the 5th of Jan. last , that our exports had considerably diminished , compared with those of the corresponding quarter in the preceding year . He thought it highly necessary , that the house should be in possession of the fullest information upon this subject ; and for that purpose he should move for an Account of Exports and Imports from and into the port of Loudon , with the duties and drawbacks , distinguishing British manufactures , & c. for four months , up to the 1st of May 1808 , and similar accounts for Liverpool , Bristol , Glasgow , Hull , and another port . had no objection to the motion , but contended that the Orders in Council ought not to be represented as the cause of the diminution of our trade in the quarter ending the 5th of Jan. as that was effected by orders given in the preceding quarter , which orders were issued in consequence of the rigorous execution of the enemy 's decrees against our commerce . It was as a remedy for the latter evil that the Orders in Council were resorted to . contended that it was clear , from the documents on the table , that our trade had materially diminished ; our exports in the quarter ending the 5th of Jan. 1807 , being 5,500,000l . and in that ending the 5th of Jan. 1808 , only 4,170,000l . To what other cause could this be imputed , except to the orders in council ? and he was convinced that proof upon proof would continually accumulate of the highly injurious effects of these orders . How would the country be enabled to carry on the contest in which we were engaged , if those resources failed which we drew from our commerce ? The object of the enemy , therefore , was to injure that commerce by every possible means . Surely , then , it was a most fatal policy for the government of this country to adopt measures which had a direct tendency to depress and diminish that commerce ; and which , it , appeared , had actually had that effect . With respect to the United States of America also , the policy of the ministers appeared to have an equally injurious tendency . Fortunately , however , the effects of their rashness appeared likely to be counteracted by the rashness of the enemy , whose conduct , it might be reasonably hoped , would tend to throw America into the arms of this country . Every day 's experience must more and more convince his majesty 's ministers of the ruinous tendency of this measure . With respect to America , understanding that a negociation was now pending , he should abstain at present from asking any explanation upon that subject . His lordship concluded by repeating his conviction of the malignant influence of this measure , and expressing a hope that his majesty 's ministers would be induced to act with magnanimity in rescinding these Orders in Council , from a conviction of the necessity of so doing ; and in the hope of its speedy accomplishment , his lordship intimated that it was not his intention at present to press the motion upon this subject of which he had given notice previous to the recess . contended , that the diminution of exports alluded to could not be fairly imputed to the Orders in Council ; as there was only one month in the quarter , that of Dec. , which was subjected