might revise and correct the account of their opinions . Such an establishment , under proper regulations ( not necessary to detail , but easily conceived ) would soon alter the whole tone of judicial proceeding . Solemnity in judgment would become the characteristic of the court , and the cases in which there had been a division of opinion on the bench would become the most authentic and useful sources of legal information . Uniformity of decision would be secured from age to age , and the fluctuation of judgment and of law , so much complained of as to Scotland , would be gradually cured.—Sir , I shall trouble the house no longer on this important subject . There are many material parts of the bill , and many topics relating to the general measure on which I have not touched at all , not because I had not much to observe upon them , but because the period of the session , the state of attendance , and , above all , a determination to avoid all eagerness of agitation , by getting into topics where it would have been impossible to avoid comparison with another measure , ( lord Gren- 1084 ville 's , ) has made me avoid them . I am happy in having had the opportunity of delivering myself on this subject , so interesting to the country to which I belong , and of course so interesting to me . I can make no return to that country , which has shewn me much , very much kindness , but by testifying , by every means in my power , that I am devoted to its best interests ; that I do my utmost to understand them , and am anxious to make them the subject of public discussion and consideration . I have to return you , sir , and the few gentlemen present , my sincere thanks for the very kind and flattering attention with which you and they have honoured me . I shall only add , that when you come to the part of the bill which relates to the inquiry of the Commissioners , I shall move an amendment on the subject which I have last discussed , as an instruction for the Commissioners to inquire into , and report as to the collecting of decisions . I trust , sir , that both in the nature of my motion , and in the manner in which I have addressed the house , I have performed the promise I made at the outset , and that I have persevered throughout , in a temperate and candid discussion of this grave and interesting subject . In page 11 , line 34 , of the bill , after the word 'Sessions , ' Mr. Adam moved to insert the following words : `` And whereas it would be expedient , that proper regulations should be made for the reporting the decisions of the respective Chambers , with the opinions which the Judges deliver in pronouncing those decisions , and to make proper regulations respecting them . If this recital had been agreed to , Mr. Adam had prepared an enacting clause to answer it ; but this motion being negatived , it was not competent to him to move the enacting part.—After a few words from the Lord Advocate of Scotland in support of the bill , it was read a third time and passed . stated , that it was not his intention to move the second reading of Mr. Palmer 's bill . A communication had been made to him , that it was not the wish of Mr. Palmer that any further step should , at present , be taken on it , therefore , agreeably to what he had said last night , he should not proceed further in the bill . took occasion to reprobate the manner in which , of late years , grants of money were brought before their lordships , and which went to deprive , their lordships of all power of inquiry into the causes of such grants . These