for the amendment moved by his noble friend . felt anxious to convince the house , that the measure proposed was neither oppressive in its operation , nor a violation of the interests of the Church . The power which it gave to the bishops was only similar to that with which they were invested in the earliest times of the constitution of the Church . He cited the case of a bishop of Worcester , who was rebuked by the Pope , for not allowing a sufficient compensation to vicars temporal—curates , as they were then designated in his diocese . Indeed , up to the Reformation , and subsequent to that period , such power was vested in the ordinary ; and the very evil now sought to be redressed , was in a great degree to be traced to the enactment of a legislative provision , which , for purposes then perhaps apparently wise , deprived the bishops of such power , and substituted an act of parliament as the mode of regulation . The right rev . prelate concluded by observing , that he would be the last man in that house who would support the measure , if it in the remotest degree trenched upon the security or interests of the Established Church , but at the same time that he gave his support to the principle , he did by no means pledge himself to accede to any one of its provisions . took the opportunity of saying , that it was his wish to restore those powers which originally were vested in the ordinary , and of which in times of violence they were deprived . His own opinion on this bill was in unison with the two decisions of the other house of parliament , and a previous one of their lordships ; but still , though he supported 1092 the principle , he agreed with the right rev . prelate , who last spoke , in by no means pledging himself to its provisions . reprobated the measure . It violated the security of the property of the church , at the same time that it weakened the interests of religion . It was with young men in that sacred calling as it was with those in the other respectable professions of life . Deprive them of the stimulus to professional advancement and the spur to honourable ambition , and the legislature would deaden their industry and activity , both in the exertion of the talents , and the practice of the duties , which led to the highest honours in that and the other professions . In applying that principle to the present bill , he contended , that to give the young curate such an actual provision for all the enjoyments of life , as this bill gave , went to deaden every motive of fair ambition , and every inducement to deserve , by his exemplary exertions , the highest honours of the Church . He had a more paramount objection to this bill , inasmuch as it legislated on the morality of the country . The unerring testimony of experience convinced him that such precepts were worse enforced , if not totally perverted , by an act of parliament . The natural instinct , of man led him to the fulfilment of his duties . The parent knew , and would practise , his duties to his child ; so would the child to his parent ; but , introduce an act of parliament for such regulation , and its introduction would not fail to dissolve the cement of the social feelings , and poison the very sources of human happiness . Besides , there appeared no necessity for this measure , as there was on their table neither addresses from curates , complaining of insufficient salaries , or from parishioners complaining of a neglect of duty in their rectors . But , perhaps , the great origin of the evil would be found in the frequency of ordination , and in calling to that profession such numbers of young clergymen as it was impossible to provide