over the other was , that by the present measure he would have regimented men , whereas , by the other , they would not be regimented . The difference as to qualifying them for actual service , was really not worth talking about . In neither case could the men be at all fit for acting in conceit with the regular army , and with a view to their being drafted into the army as recruits , they would learn so much of the military exercise under the Training act , such as knowing their right hand from their left , how to handle a musket , and to fire with powder and ball , as to enable them to become effective soldiers in as short a time as they would do 52 under the system of the noble lord .. The noble lord had talked a great deal of the volunteer force , and he ( Mr. W. ) was disposed to give them every degree of credit for the purity of their motives , for zeal and good intentions ; but it was quite childish to consider these , corps as fit to act along with the regular force . Would an officer , he asked , employ one of these corps to cover his flank , or to maintain an important post ? It might be as well contended that a frigate might be placed in the same line of battle with a first rate . The right hon . gent . vindicated his military system from the reflections thrown upon it by the noble lord , contending that it had procured more men to the army , during the time that it was in force , than the old system of recruiting , and that the advantages of which it was productive would have been more and more felt every year , if its operation had not been disturbed . The great motive for all the freaks and whims and complicated machinery , of which they had now a sample before them , he declared to be a taste , an appetite , a passion , a rage , for getting soldiers for life . This was the great principle which set the machine in motion ; but there was another on which its movements in no small degree depended , viz . that of opening a source of patronage and influence . There was not a single job connected with the system which he introduced , from beginning to end . It had no other object but the good of the people , and providing for old soldiers , who could make no return to those who watched over their interests . But here they were to have a regimented force ; where there were regiments , there must be officers , and the noble lord was not ignorant that every grant of this kind was matter of favour . In this way , he declared the volunteer establishment to be the greatest source of favouritism and of enmity ever possessed by a minister . By way of sample , he stated the following circumstances : under the former administration 200 officers , who had for the most part been in the army , were employed on the recruiting service ; when the present ministers came into power , they removed these officers , and appointed 2000 volunteer Serjeants in their room . One would naturally suppose that the number of recruits would have been increased , in consequence of this arrangement , in the ratio of ten to one . The fact was , however , that the 200 officers had procured 2000 recruits , whereas 53 only 600 had been procured by the 2000 volunteer Serjeants . It was true that the officers had 40l . whereas the Serjeants had only 10l . each ; but the officers were obliged to give security to return the money if they did not bring recruits , whereas the Serjeants were under no such obligation . The right hon . gent . concluded with begging that gentlemen would put to themselves two questions relative to