contended , that the agreement between Mr. Palmer and the public had been cancelled by the very improper conduct of Mr. Palmer in office . It was his opinion , that the Revenue having materially suffered by Mr. P. 's dismissal , was an argument against him , and that he ought to suffer by the loss . dwelt upon the imperfect evidence of the report ; and moved that the debate be adjourned till to morrow se'nnight , with a view to refer it back to the committee , with an instruction to the committee to take further evidence . The house divided : the numbers were , For the Adjournment 87 Against it 137 Majority —50 A long conversation then took place on the subject of the coarse which it would be most proper for the house to adopt after the determination of this night . informed the house , that it appeared to him , that the regular mode of proceeding would be for the accounts of the Net Proceeds of the Post Office Revenue up to the present period to be laid before the house ; the amount of money which was to be paid to Mr. Palmer , as a remuneration for the time past , could then be ascertained from those documents , and voted in a Committee of Supply . The consideration of the annual sum which the house might think fit to order to be paid in future , must also , he believed , originate in a Committee of Supply . When a Resolution was agreed to on that subject , a bill might afterwards be brought into the house pointing out the fund from which it was to be taken , and legalizing a particular course of distribution or appropriation as usual in similar cases.—The Accounts were then ordered to be laid before the house . After which the Report was agreed to , and Mr. Palmer proposed , that on Friday next the subject should be referred to a Committee of Supply . said , that he was at length enabled to submit to their lordships ' consideration a subject highly important to the interests of many individuals , both foreigners and natives , as well as to the honour and reputation of the country.—But before he entered upon the details to which it would be necessary for him to call the attention of their lordships , he was desirous of being understood , as having no intention to re-agitate a question , which had been already decided ; much less to aim at rescinding a judgment , which had been solemnly pronounced : for that in fact , between the merits of the subject to which he particularly referred , namely , the Attack on Copenhagen , and of that then before the house , there was no necessary connection ; and all he had to ask , ( and he assured their lordships that what he asked of them should be observed on his part , ) was that the opinions entertained on this point , might be kept in their proper place , and not brought forward to bear upon arguments , and conclusions , to which they had no direct or regular application.—It could not , he said , be denied , that according to the principles of natural 301 justice , and the established law of nations , safety and protection were due to the merchant ships and cargoes of all neutral states engaged in the peaceable pursuit of a lawful commerce . Following up this just and salutary principle , our municipal laws held out the promise of security to the ships , persons and property of merchant strangers , eundo , morando , et redeundo , in carrying on a legitimate traffic with this kingdom ; and this right to security and protection could not be forfeited , except by the misconduct of the individuals themselves , or of the state to which they belonged . It could not be forfeited , except in consequence of such antecedent injuries as , if unredressed , would afford just grounds of war , or