a decreet of augmentation in the year 1716 , the petitioner was thereby barred from insisting in this present process in terms of a resolution , of the Court , by which it is declared that where any augmentation has been obtained by decreet of the Court , posterior to the year 1707 , that no new augmentation of the same stipend shall be granted . Parties having been heard upon this point , the following interlocutor was passed , that the pursuer was barred from insisting in this process , by the decreet of augmentation 1710 ; and therefore assoilzied the defenders , and discharge the action . '—Such is the statement made by the petition of appeal in that case , from the cases both of the appellant and respondent , which by the law of Scotland must be deemed to form part of the records of the court . It distinctly appears , that this was the question argued before lord Thurlow . The appellant specially states in the reasons for reversing judgment , that the respondent can not bar the appellant from insisting in the present action , under the authority of a pretended rule of court , by which they say it is declared that no addition can be made to a stipend , which has already been augmented by a decree posterior to the year 1707 ; and the respondent joins issue with him in this point , by declaring in the reasons annexed to his appeal case , that 'it is the established rule of court , not to review or allow such decrees to be over hauled upon any pretence , where an augmentation has been given since the union . '—Thus whilst the petition of appeal plainly shews that the judgment of the court of session was arraigned , because it had proceeded on the ground of the existence of a supposed resolution of that court ; the cases both of the appellant and respondent bear evidence that it was argued in this house on that ground , and the whole tenour of the notes of lord Thurlow 's speech , in giving the judgment now published in the memorial for the minister , proves that it was argued and decided upon this principle . 'If , ' says that noble 466 lord , 'that is the law of the land , it must be good : but , if only a principle of discretion , the discretion erected into a rule is inept ; unless the law has furnished that rule . ' This sentence alone , which shews on the one hand the law of the land , had not been rested upon in argument , because in that event he never could have expressed the doubt which he states ; and on the other , that he felt that just indignation which he must have felt , at the court of session assuming to themselves the power of making any rule on the subject , is evidence , that the judgment reversing the interlocutor of the court of session in this case , decided the only question that was then before the house , viz . the efficacy that ought to be given to the pretended rule of court . It is against this rule that lord Thurlow specially expressed his indignation ; he says , 'In none of the books is there the smallest trace of this rule ; and when the lord advocate says , the court are in the daily practice of it , he must mean that it is an idea always afloat in the minds of the judges . ' And he concludes , by declaring that 'the court have no reason in expediency , or authority in law , to say they will not look into it . '—Into what ? why , most certainly , into the law of the land , which in the prior part of his speech he had declared could alone regulate the proceeding.—It is in vain , therefore , to say that this was a decision on the general point of law : there is the