a want of communication amongst his majesty 's ministers , and here it appeared , that a clause had been expressly inserted in the bill in consequence of this doubt , which stated the doubt , and the introduction of which had been assented to by one of the colleagues of the noble and learned lord , and yet the noble and learned lord had never heard of any doubt upon the subject ! It seemed , however , that instead of now ascertaining what the law was , the parties interested in that explanation were to have a beautiful law-suit and a delicious doubt ; they were to go into a court of law , and then they were to appeal to that house , where there were already upwards of one hundred appeals undecided , and then to wait till this question could be decided , when it might now be explained without any litigation ! The noble and learned lord had talked of disguising the question respecting the catholics ; it was perfectly well known that the catholics were excluded because they would not take certain oaths ; but in this case , it was the catholics alone who were excluded , and the exclusion did not apply to any other persons . His lordship said , that the noble lord had contended , that the case might be decided in due course of law , and that the Judges might give their opinion upon that case when brought before the house , and if it should be thought adviseable at a future period to open the direction of the bank to catholics it might be done . With respect to the former part of the argument , it went to encourage litigation of the most troublesome and vexatious nature ; and considering the mass of appeals now before the house , when could this case be decided ? With respect to the latter part of the argument he , for one , was of opinion , that when this act should have once passed , no remedy could be applied to the 907 evil in the course of thirty years , for which the charter was granted . On all these grounds , he was decidedly of opinion that a question ought to be proposed to the Judges respecting the law of the case . rose for the purpose of putting a question to an hon . gent . in his eye , the answer to which appeared to him necessary for the satisfaction of the public . As the session was drawing to a close , it was desirable to ascertain , whether or not the house and the country were to expect a report from the committee , at the head of which that hon . gent . so worthily presided . Rumours were afloat , that a Report of a very important nature had been decided upon in the committee . He was sure that the hon . gent . would not take it ill to be thus questioned on the subject . , while he allowed that the question put by the hon . gent . was a perfectly fair one , declared that really he hardly knew how to answer it . He could only say , that for his own part , nothing had been wanting to enable the committee to lay before the house their report . During the present session almost every hour which was not occupied by his duty in the house had been devoted to his duty above stairs . So far back as before the Easter recess , he had laid before the committee the materials of a report which was complete as far as it related to himself to make it so . Unfortunately , a considerable difference of opinion existed in the committee on the subject of that report , and the discussions upon it had proceeded to a much greater length than could have been expected or foreseen . Those discussions still continued . He could only repeat , that nothing should be wanting on his part to bring them to a