order , that , '' by his silently submitting to that decision , the privilege of that house should not suffer any breach in his person . did not know how to address the house on this occasion ; indeed , he felt he should apologize for offering himself , as there was he motion before them . He trusted , however , that the house would allow him to state what occurred to him in the view he at present had of the case ; and from , every attention that he could give to the statement of the hon . baronet , it did not appear to him to be a case in which the house could interfere . If the hon . baronet was right in his conception of the law , respecting the misdirection of the learned judge , he had been very ill advised by his counsel , not to apply for a review of the whole case , by a motion for a new trial , or by a bill of exceptions . As he apprehended the case , the action had been brought against the hon . baronet for the use which he or his agents had made of certain erections for hustings , and the facts went to be decided upon to a jury . The direction of a judge might be right or might be wrong , but in either case that house was not the proper tribunal in which to have the proceedings of the court below-reviewed . The course of practise in the administration of law , was in such cases either to proceed by motion to the court out of which the record issued for a new trial , or by a bill of exceptions ; and if either of these had been resorted to by the hon . baronet and not been successful , there would be no relief for him . It was not for him to say whether or not the direction of the learned judge was correct ; but the jury had no doubt decided upon the evidence produced to them of the use made of the erections by the agents of the hon . baronet . That was his view of the subject , but it would remain for the hon . baronet to decide what course he should pursue to attain any object he may have in contemplation . vindicated the learned judge from the imputation of having obtained his present exalted station by any party services , and contended that his elevation was altogether owing to his transcendant talents ; as an abler or more upright judge had never sat upon , the bench . did not know that he was not bound , upon an application of this description to the house , to state what occurred to him upon the subject . Undoubtedly , as he understood the matter , the hon . member had offered himself to the house with perfect regularity , on a transaction which appeared to him to amount 145 to a breach of their privileges . The hon . baronet in taking this course had done his duty , and it was a grave question he had submitted to their consideration , so far as it regarded a breach of the privileges of that house , and affected the character of an eminent person in a high judicial office . If he ( the Speaker ) had had any notice of such an application ; if he had but the slightest intimation of the intention of the hon . baronet , he would have endeavoured to be better prepared to satisfy his inquiry . At present he had to apologise to the house , if he should not be able to give that satisfaction which on such a question was to be desired . The house could not be prepared in this instance to give advice to the hon . baronet . What he would recommend was , that he should wait , till some practical consequence should result from the decision of the court below , and if he should conceive that consequence