I am anxious the subject should be fully discussed ; convinced as I am , that the friends of Catholic emancipation will ultimately triumph over every obstacle that can be thrown in their way . declared , that he never would give his concurrence to a measure , which , sooner or later , would endanger the Protestant establishment , by placing power in the hands of those , whose principal object it was to make converts to their own erroneous persuasion . He thought it most impolitic to bring forward , at such a crisis as the present , a measure which he knew to be generally obnoxious throughout the country , and should therefore vote against the motion . .—Sir , I am convinced , that the more this subject is discussed , the 578 sooner will the people of England be disposed to accede to the claims of their Irish brethren . God forbid , sir , that the glorious revolution in 1688 should be identified with the proscription of the Catholics ! If it were so , the admiration with which I have always regarded that transaction , has been a most mistaken admiration . If we look to the history of those times , we shall find that the laws against the Catholics , as well as against 'the Protestant dissenters , originated , not in religious , but in political motives . Previous to the Revolution , the laws passed against the Catholics were evidently intended , not so much to prevent the introduction of the Catholic religion , as to prevent the accession of James 2 . This was the real cause of the Test Act—If this cause no longer exists ; if by the nature of things it has passed away , then ought we to allow these restrictive regulations to pass away also . No one body of men has a right to exclude another from a fair participation in rights and privileges , unless from the apprehension of some immediate and imminent danger . To grant the Catholics their claims , will be to remove the danger by which the empire is at present threatened . It will make them contented ; and , truly , it does seem to me to be a most extraordinary state of the world , to leave them in a state of discontent , if not of open rebellion . , ( knight of Kerry ) said : Sir , I must acknowledge that , after the manner in which this question has been opened and supported , when no argument has been used against the motion , to offer any further observations in its favour , may appear a wanton intrusion on your time . However , as an unfavourable decision is foreseen , I should consider myself insensible to the duty I owe to my own country , and to the empire , if I did not express , in the strongest manner I can command , my conviction of the necessity , not merely of discussion , but of concession , on this most important subject . The right hon . gent . compelled to acknowledge the talents , the eloquence , and the moderation of my right hon . friend , has prudently abstained from , answering him , and has preferred to reply , by anticipation , to the speeches of others , in which he prophesies , that there will not appear the same moderation . Sir , if I abstain from that warmth , which this subject naturally excites , it is , because founded in justice , reason and truth , as I conceive the cause of the petitioners to be , 579 I think it can be injured only by intemperance . Differing from the right hon . gent. , I am anxious to promote discussion . Truth is promoted by discussion . The former discussion was beneficial . The intermediate discussion has been most useful ; and by discussion the petitioners must prevail . To those , who desire to produce that discussion , the right hon . gent , ascribes party motives .