was resident at the court of Poonah ; if he were in this country he should have wished him to have been examined at the bar of the house , and he was persuaded that the hon . bart . would have formed a different opinion of the secret correspondence to that which he entertained . With Mr. Webbe , late chief secretary to the government , the hon . member said he had been in habits of the most affectionate friendship ; unfortunately for his friends and his country , this valuable public officer was dead ; he sacrificed his life in the service of his country ; he was a man of the nicest sense of honour , justly looked up to as one of the highest characters in India ; he could truly say , that Mr. Webbers memory was universally revered . His noble and independent mind would not have allowed him— [ Here the feelings of the hon . member were so acute , that he was unable to proceed , and sat down with marks of the greatest sorrow and agitation . ] , on account of the lateness of the hour , and the number of hon . mem- 392 bers who had yet to speak upon the subject , proposed that the debate should be adjourned to Tuesday next , which was ordered accordingly . presented a Petition from several owners and occupiers of lands resident in the county of Suffolk ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners are many of them owners , but the greater part of them occupiers of lands in a county where barley is the chief article of cultivation ; and that it is with concern they learn that a Committee of the house has in its Report recommended the substitution of Sugar and Molasses , instead of barley and other grain , in the distilleries , which must be highly injurious to the agricultural interest of the country ; and that the petitioners had trusted that the satisfactory and unanswerable reasons assigned by a committee of the house last year against the adoption of such an expedient would have set at rest its further agitation , and quieted the alarm it is fully calculated to produce ; should the farmer be deprived of the certain market the distilleries afford , even for a time to be limited , it must tend to lower the price of grain , and damp the increasing spirit of agriculture ; and that the petitioners , however strongly they may feel the distresses and the difficulties under which the West India trade at present labours , however anxious they may be for the adoption of any measure for its relief , still they can not perceive that either justice , policy , or necessity requires that such relief should be administered to them at the sole and exclusive expence of the land , being a sacrifice of the more important interests of agriculture ; and therefore praying the house not to allow such a bill to pass into a law . '' presented a Petition from the lord provost , magistrates , and common council of the city of Glasgow ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners feel themselves called upon , at this interesting crisis , to express to the house their unqualified approbation of the proposal lately made in parliament for the temporary suspension of Distillation from Grain ; the present relations of these kingdoms with the other nations of the world , the large quantities of grain which it is well known this coun- 393 try has been obliged , for many years , to import beyond the extent of its own produce , and the necessity of our providing at home for the probable deficiency in these importations , evidently dictate such a prudent measure : and , although there is just now plenty of grain in the country , it would betray a great want of foresight , in times like these , not to be prepared for every event , or to run the smallest risk of a scarcity amongst the people of