lord Wellesley investigated the business with the most deliberate caution.—He appointed commissioners ( of whom , in consequence of what had fallen from the hon . hart , who opened the debate , he should say a few words before he sat clown ) to examine the persons concerned in the correspondence , and to ascertain the nature of the connection between the nabobs of the Carnatic and Tippoo Sultaun ; he reported the proceedings to the secret committee and to the board of controul ; and it was not until lord Wellesley was informed by those high authorities that their sentiments perfectly coincided with his own , and with lord Powis 's , that he gave his final instructions on the subject , two years after the discovery of the correspondence of the nabob with Tippoo Sultaun ; the charge therefore of precipitancy was quite unfounded . The treaty with Azeem ul Dowlah was concluded in July 1806 ; it was immediately transmitted to England , and it was now only necessary to shew that it was approved of by the government at home . The house would , he flattered himself , agree with him , that a hasty decision had not been pronounced upon that important measure . In Sept. 1802 , fourteen months after the treaty had been concluded , the secret committee having had the papers a long time under consideration , wrote to lord Powis as follows , We do not feel ourselves called upon to enter into the detail of the circumstances connected with the case , or to state at length the reasoning upon those circumstances , which has led to the conclusion we have come to , after the fullest and most deliberate caution . It is enough to state to you that we are fully prepared , upon the facts , as at present before us , to approve and confirm the treaty in question ; and we are of opinion , that acting under the instructions of the governor-general , you stand fully justified ( upon the evidence written , as well as oral , on which you proceeded , ) in deeming the rights of the family of Mahomed Ally , as existing under former treaties , to have been wholly forfeited , by the systematic perfidy and treachery of the late nabobs of 'the Carnatic , Wallajah , and Umdit ul Omrah , in breach of their solemn treaties with the company . The claims of the family having been thus forfeited , 391 and a right having accrued to the company of making provision at their discretion , for the future safety of the Carnatic , we are further of opinion , that the nature of the security which has been provided by the treaty for the defence and preservation of our interests in that quarter , is of a satisfactory description . After having so long troubled the house , he would merely observe , that the view which he had taken of this subject , was formed upon an attentive perusal of the papers laid before parliament , upon which alone we could form our judgment . Indeed the substance , almost the whole of the speech , with which he had presumed to trouble the house , was founded upon those documents , and he should therefore oppose the resolutions moved by the hon . bart.—The hon . bart . however , in speaking of the commissioners , had used an epithet , which the hon . member said he was sure he would not have done , if he had been personally acquainted with them ; and yet a very slight examination of the papers would have enabled the hon . bart to have known those gentlemen , by character and reputation.—Whatever opinion the hon . bart . might have formed of those gentlemen , he could assure him that there were not in the house , nor in the country , two men of a higher sense of honour , of more conscientious and honourable feeling.—Col . Close , so highly distinguished by his talents , his zeal and integrity ,