it was easy for them to make a return : and all he wanted was , the number of trials altogether , which he conceived a matter of great importance to have made known—The motion was then agreed to . gave notice , that on Monday he would move several amendments in the bill for increasing the Assessed taxes . While he was on his legs , he would take that opportunity of asking his majesty 's ministers , whether it was intended to adopt any new regulations in pursuance of that part of the Report of the commissioners of Military Inquiry , which related to the abuses in the medical department of the army ? observed , that if the honourable gentleman recollected the period at which the report he alluded to was made , he must not conclude , that there was any ministers , if they had not finally determined what measures ought to be adopted on the subject . replied , that he was not satisfied with the answer he had received , and wished to know if it was intended to bring forward any proposition on this subject at an early period . said , he could not give a precise answer to the question , but the hon . gent was at liberty to fix on any time he chose , for bringing the Report under the consideration of the house . said , he understood by public rumour , stated in some of the newspapers , that in consequence of the deficiency of Flax-seed imported this year into Ireland , owing to the embargo in the American ports , a considerable quantity of the flax-seed remaining in G. Britain , and which was intended to be expressed into oil , had been sent over to Ireland , and allowed to pass . As this was a subject of great importance to the kingdom , masmuch as it involved in it the staple manufacture of Ireland , he wished to know if there was any truth in the rumour . said , he only knew of this rumour , from what he saw in the newspapers . It was , however , natural to suppose , that persons in Ireland would wish to get 81 seed whenever they could : and that persons in this country , having seed , would dispose of it in the best manner . It was suggested to him by some persons , that seed might be sent over from this country . He indulged the speculation , and sent communications on the subject to the linen board , with directions that orders should be conveyed to the different outports in Ireland not to let any flax-seed be imported which was not good in respect to its quality . rose to complain of it as the renewal of a measure which , when originally passed , was nothing less than a violation of the act of union . It appeared to him that such articles of the union as were beneficial to G. Britain and injurious to Ireland , were acted upon , and that no disposition had been manifested by the parliament to promote the prosperity of Ireland . He was one of those who , in the parliament of Ireland , had supported the union , because he expected many important benefits from it to that country . If these benefits were not to follow from it , the union must be considered as a curse instead of a blessing . said the sentiment just expressed by the hon . baronet , respecting the union with Ireland , was one calculated to produce as many mischievous consequences as any that ever had been uttered in that house . He called on the hon . baronet to state one instance in which the principle he alluded to had been acted upon by parliament . If he knew of any instances in which a disposition prejudicial to Ireland had been shewn , let him bring them before the house . As to the principle of the present bill , the hon . baronet did not withhold his approbation towards