to Spain . He could not agree in the policy of waiting until a regular government was established in Spain ; that must rather be the result of the present struggle for their independence , than precede it . In the case of the revolution in England , at the time of the landing of the prince of Orange , James H. having abdicated the throne , there was no regular government left ; the establishment of a new government was the result of the discussions which then took place . Upon this subject he felt , in common with every man in the country , the greatest anxiety as to the result ; and a great anxiety also to know , as far as it could with propriety be known , what line of policy ministers would adopt . said , with respect to Sweden , that the most satisfactory assurances had been received from the court of Stockholm , of the disposition of that 1128 court to give every effect to that system which had been adopted in our Orders in Council . He would not now argue the question respecting these Orders , as it had been argued over and over again ; but he would merely state , that his opinion with respect to the policy and expediency of that measure , remained the same as he had repeatedly expressed in that house . The noble lord seemed to misapprehend the policy of the system adopted under the Orders ; inasmuch as it was merely intended to extend it to powers at war with his majesty , and to countries occupied by their arms . With respect to Spain , the prisoners , as stated by the noble lord , had been released , and upon that subject he could assure the noble lord , that it was the wish of his majesty 's ministers to give every assistance to the Spanish nation that was consistent with the utmost generosity and liberality , without intermixing any partial feelings or selfish objects ; every assistance that could tend to insure to them success in the glorious struggle in which they were now engaged . It was the sentiment or every man in the country , whatever might be his opinions upon other subjects , that every possible assistance should be given to the Spaniards in the contest in which they were now engaged , and his majesty 's ministers were disposed to render that assistance in the spirit of generosity and liberality , and with a hope that it might lead to that ultimate success which it was the wish of every man in the country should be the result . The present situation of Spain derived additional interest from that congeniality of sentiment which had for centuries existed between Spain and this country , and of which additional proofs had been derived from the recent communication with the Spanish nation . Their wars had no reference to any difference of sentiment , the congeniality which had so long existed still remained , and excited a strong additional interest in the event of the struggle . adverted to a former statement of the noble secretary of state , with respect to the disposition of the court of Stockholm to give effect to the system adopted in the Orders in Council , and observed , that it might have been expected by this time that some engagement would have been entered into , or that some treaty would have been signed , which might have been laid on the table of the house , and which would have been a better proof of the dispositions of that court . 1129 With respect to the effect of those Orders , he complained that the returns which had been some time since moved for , of the exports and imports at different ports , had not yet been laid before the house , so that they were unable to judge of the effect of those Orders upon the trade of the country ; but from those papers not being laid upon the table , they had at least a right