not detain the house by going into all the reasoning founded upon other parts of the evidence , written and oral , to shew the absurdity of this proposition ; but I will state plainly upon a view of the cypher itself , the utter impossibility of applying it to any purpose of marriage . The only expression in it which might lead to such 790 a supposition in the mind of a person ignorant of eastern manners and languages , is the word 'ring ; ' but as a ring is not used in eastern marriages , it can have no reference to that ceremony . Rejecting therefore this absurd , irrational proposition , which is directly contradicted by the evidence of the vakeels , and all the circumstances so forcibly stated by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Wallace ) in the former debate , I must look for a different explanation of the intention of this cypher . Upon the first view of this document , the opprobrious terms in which the three allies are designated , can not fail to strike attention ; but it has still been asserted to be so limited as to preclude the use of it in any matter of policy or secrecy . This assertion made a due impression upon me when I first heard it ; and I felt it my duty to put it to the test by composing a letter that should describe an atrocious intention ( such as the massacre at Vellore ) , and then endeavour to render it into the language of this cypher , so that it would be unintelligible to a person not possessed of it , and easily understood by a person having the cypher . I can assure the hon . gent , opposite that I found no difficulty whatever in applying this cypher in this manner , and further that this sort of metaphorical cypher best corresponds with the genius and character of the people . The next document which was particularly objected to by the hon . baronet was , the translation of a copy of a letter of Tippoo Sultan to Wallajah , in which some of the terms are actually used . The hon . baronet asked , as this was only a copy of a letter , who could say that the original was ever sent it might have been composed by Tippoo for amusement , and : honourable members in this house well know that themselves sometimes composed letters which they did not afterwards send . Sir , when I recollect the manner and the place where this letter was found , that it was discovered in the office of Tippoo Sultan , and when I recollect the remarkable regularity of the sultan in matters of business , I can not subscribe to the puerile idea of the hon . baronet , that this letter might have been composed for amusement . The honourable baronet , and others of us , may write letters , or compose speeches intended to be spoke , and which we have no opportunity of speaking ; but in affairs of state , when I find in an office of state a copy of a letter sent , I can not reconcile to my mind the absurdity of de- 791 nying all credit to it because it might not have been sent . This sort of objection may be very proper in a court of law ; but I trust that those who have to guard the safety of this country from foreign treachery , will not wait for this sort of evidence before they act against impending danger . The objection made by the hon . baronet to the next number was , I think , of a nature equally unreasonable . It is a translation of a copy of a letter from Tippoo Sultan to Omdut ul Omrah , the nabob of the Camatic ; and as this letter is dated 29th November 1792 , when Omdut ul Omrah was not nabob of the Carnatic , this circumstance made the letter look to the honourable baronet