. He could not see why the measure should not be re sorted to , vesting in his majesty 's minister a discretion as to the continuance of the prohibition ; because they would be bourn 706 to take into their consideration the nature of the harvest and the price of corn , and would be responsible for the exercise of that discretion . agreed to the amendment made by his hon . friend . enumerated the inconveniences that would be suffered by distillers , if the use of corn were to be prohibited in distilleries on the 1st of July , both in consequence of the corn they had on hand ground , and of the loss they would sustain from the cattle , which were now fed upon grains in warm houses , being exposed to the effect of the open air . wished merely to state the ground of the vote which he meant to give . He should certainly support the amendment of his hon . friend , because he thought , that if any effect at all were to be expected from the measure , it must be by adopting that amendment . But as he was an enemy to the measure in any shape , he should feel himself bound to oppose the Resolution in chief . declared his intention to follow the example of his hon . friend , and to vote for the amendment , and against the Resolution.—The house then divided : For the Amendment 89 ; against it 71 . Majority 18 . After which , the period of the commencement of the prohibition was fixed for the 15th of June for Scotland , and the 20th for Ireland . rose for the purpose of calling their lordships ' attention to a question of considerable importance , as it regarded a fair and true statement of what might in the course of discussion be uttered in that house . It was a standing order ( although their lordships very properly did not enforce it ) that no report should be given of their debates . Yet if their lordships permitted these reports to be given , still it was incumbent upon every person giving such report , that he should do it in a fair , correct , and impartial manner . His lordship thought himself very much misrepresented in having sentiments attributed to him which he abhorred and detested . The misrepresentation he complained of was contained in 'The British Press ' newspaper , published last Saturday , giving an account of what passed in debate in their lordships ' house on Friday night , during the 707 discussion of the Roman Catholic Petition . In that paper sentiments were imputed to him the very reverse of those he uttered . His lordship here read the passages to which he had already alluded . The one was where it was said he had uttered the following sentiments : — '' The grand object of legislative care should be the body of the Irish population , who are in the habit of looking exclusively to their priests , from whom they derive scarcely any information , and whose interest it is to detach them from their allegiance to the country and king . This is at once the cause of their ignorance and disaffection . `` —Now , he never did utter such sentiments , and he did not wish that profession in Ireland should have it so understood . He would trouble their lordships with quoting another passage , where he was represented to have , said— '' The Protestant Church must be maintained in all its dignity and privileges , if we expect to make proselytes . Without persecution we should make no Protestants in Ireland , without persecution the Established Church would be overwhelmed . '' Such sentiments he utterly disavowed and detested ; he never did express himself to that effect ; but , as their lordships would recollect , he had on that occasion spoken language of an opposite meaning . He had contended , that it was impossible for any church to exist with