. Some further conversation took place on the provision to secure the best impressions of every work to the public libraries . It was agreed that the copies so given should be on the best paper on which the work should be printed for the general purposes 993 of sale.—The house having resumed , the report was received , and ordered to be taken into further consideration on Friday . opposed the bill . In the committee he had intended to propose , in lieu of the punishment of transportation for seven years , imprisonment for two ; but the bill had passed through the committee , very unexpectedly to him , at an early hour this afternoon . His chief objection to the bill was , that the house was not sufficiently acquainted with the nature of the property which it was intended to secure . He deprecated the enactment of a new penal law , without having previously ascertained the precise extent of the crime , or without a complete conviction that it might not be committed in ignorance rather than with a malevolent design . He dwelt with considerable force on the dreadful depravation of mind to which the persons transported to Botany Bay were subjected , and contended , that it was of such a nature as to call loudly for the interference of the legislature . defended the bill , as indispensable to the protection of private property . It was not the enactment of a new penal statute . It was already , in his opinion , a felony at common law ; but from an inadvertency in wording the act , the protection of this property was not so complete as it was desirable it should be . All that the bill before the house professed , was to restore the common law . With respect to the punishment , it was not greater than what was annexed to similar offences , explained the nature of the oyster-beds , and enlarged upon the various depredations that had taken place upon them . The people to whom they belonged were in general poor , and lived , as it were , from hand to mouth . It was , therefore , the mere necessary that their property should be protected , in the same manner as any other property equally exposed , such as bleach-fields , orchards , & c. This was not a matter of small amount ; and some means ought to be taken to enable them to gain their livelihood by carrying on their trade . He approved of this bill , as affording that necessary protection . observed , that undoubtedly the oyster-beds were a species of property & s deserving of protection as any other . His only objection to the bill was that it 994 did not sufficiently mark out the property , insomuch that any person , like himself , fond of oysters , might innocently and ignorantly transgress upon these oyster-beds , should he happen to be passing near the spot where they lay . As it was a traffic which produced many good seamen , he should not object to its being properly protected , provided the property in question was so noted or marked out , as to prevent persons falling into error . said , he did not apprehend that this bill went to make any alteration in the description of the property or place where it lay , other than the former bill contained . It was evidently a property well worthy of protection . Doubts having existed whether the law at present deemed the offence of stealing these oysters a felony or a misdemeanor , it was therefore necessary to explain the law . Such was the object of this bill . It had always been deemed necessary to punish those offences that could be committed with great facility , with more severity than those of a contrary description . For instance , the crime of sheep-stealing was punished , upon all occasions , with death . Upon the same principle , oyster-beds well deserved protection , as being private property