upon his own responsibility ; but when parliament was sitting , it was certainly incumbent upon him to recur to the legislature , for advice . The apprehensions of scarcity were entertained by many persons of great authority from different parts of the country . Among others , an hon . baronet opposite ( sir J. Sinclair ) had communicated to him an alarm with respect to Scotland ; and another hon . member , now absent , the member for Norwich ( Mr. W. Smith ) , had spoke with similar apprehension with respect to the county of Norfolk . He was , therefore , not a little surprised at the course pursued by both those hon . gentlemen on the present question . Much of the objections that were urged to the measure , was matter of regulation as to the mode of carrying it into effect , and was , therefore , additional ground for going into the committee . He denied that the rise which had lately taken place in the price of grain , had arisen from the agitation of this measure , or from his statements in that house . The sole cause of that rise was the inadequacy of the stock to the demand . It was impossible for government to take the measures that seemed necessary , otherwise than through parliament . To proceed by proclamation would have the effect of spreading consternation throughout the country , and the hon . gentlemen opposite would have been loudest in complaint if that course had been pursued . reminded the house that the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , had not , from the beginning to the end of his speech , said one word of granting relief to the West India planters . He had now placed the planters entirely out of sight , and recommended the measure on the ground of a scarcity which every one knew did not exist ; a scarcity which his majesty 's chancellor of the exchequer for 538 Ireland denied to exist in that country , and which was denied to exist in Scotland by the president of the board of controul . But the right hon . gent . 's conduct now was analogous to what it had been when he came into power . Then he set up a cry about popery ; and now he wished ( or if he did not wish it , the effect of his speech was ) to set up a stilt more dangerous cry about scarcity . It was evident also , that upon this , as upon many other subjects , there was a great difference of opinion among his majesty 's ministers . He observed , that government had contributed very much to increase the distress of the West India planters , by foolishly taking possession of the Danish islands . He would willingly have consented to go into a committee to consider of some means of granting relief to the West India planters , but he could not give the smallest countenance to the present measure . admitted that he had some time since made a communication to the chancellor of the exchequer , of his apprehension of an eventual scarcity in Norfolk . This was now several months , since . He strongly protested against the adoption of this measure , which was calculated to be materially prejudicial to the landed interest of the country , whilst at the same time it was in its very nature inadequate to the end proposed , that of affording any thing like substantial relief to the West India colonies and traders . declared that he thought there was reason to congratulate the house on the prospect which it then had of affording even a temporary relief to the West India planters ; and endeavoured to convince the house that there was something like a spirit of party in the opposition to the question . observed , that this was a bill which infringed upon one of the Standing Orders of that house , by which it was declared that any matter foreign