, would not suffer these islands to want . But if your whole system has been a system of regulations ; if maximums and minimums exist for importation and exportation ; and if these , operating with other causes , destroying the balance between agriculture and manufacture , have made you in some degree dependent on importation for subsistence : you may gradually indeed recede from an erroneous system , and finally abandon it : but it will not be safe suddenly to turn round and trust the subsistence of the country , especially after a short crop , to a theory perfectly just , but which you have rendered inapplicable . Other objections have perhaps been urged ; and their variety and inconsistency is such , that one may be excused if some are forgot . One question I would however ask : how comes it that , having hitherto imported corn , no objection was made ? Writers might perhaps in theory object , remarks might occasionally be made in parliament ; but still , the landed interest was quiet ; there was no clamour , no alarm , no parliamentary opposition to the import , till at last , that , being suddenly stopt by your enemy , it is proposed for one year , till you can increase your domestic produce , to take a partial supply from another quarter ; when it came from foreign states , good ; but when from your own colonies , ruin , and destruction ; and this under circumstances that make it at least doubtful whether your people will not want . Had this measure had no reference to the West Indies , it is clear to every observer , it follows from the arguments used against it , that it would not have met half the opposition it has met . Well then may the colonies cry out , when you talk of the protection afforded them , Protect us but against yourselves ! No ruin can come upon us from any other quarter like that which your protection affords ; to us every change may afford hope , every alteration improvement ! Even the language of refusal adds to its poignancy . Every one admits the justice of their case , every one speaks to them commiseration ; but every one sends them to the next door . Apply to the minister for relief from taxes ; there they are told that it is impossible to meddle with so important a branch of the revenue , which at this time could no how be re- 519 placed : besides , that any relaxation of duties would not benefit them , but go to the consumer as long as the market is overloaded . Propose a measure for this purpose : here the landed gentlemen are all in array ; they have 'lowering the price ' and 'raising the price , '—'alarming principle , '—'formidable precedent'—'dangerous doctrine/ to contend with . Go on , and ask merely leave to pay the Americans , who bring them the necessaries of life , in sugar , which they can not sell , instead of money , which they can not get ; then they meet the ship-owners , with 'navigation laws'—British bottoms ' and 'neutral bottoms'—'nursery of seamen'—'importance of the navy ' & c. Ask for leave to obtain their supplies in a cheaper way ; then comes 'interest of manufactures'—'ruin of trade'—'mother country ' and I know not what . Ask , at least , permission to improve their produce and send home their sugar in a refined state , which now will not pay for freight Hi a raw state ; then they meet the 'shipowners , ' again , and 'the refiners'—'established on acts of parliament ' and God knows what else . In short , turn which way they will , it is the same ; everywhere their claims admitted , but everywhere steadily opposed . It is a complete exemplification of the lines of our beautiful poet ; from the first , it is : — `` It grieves my heart to see you thus