must be attributed the palpable defectiveness of the learned gentleman 's reasoning ; which appeared to him no less erroneous with respect to principles of politics than of law . The learned gent . had adduced the situation of Europe , and the circumstances of the times as arguments in favour of prerogative ; even if this granting of reversions was an abuse , these were not times in which it ought to be restrained.—Was it possible we could cast our eyes over the map of Europe , or the page of its history for the last fifteen years , and still be advocating despotism , and putting our trust in standing armies ? Should we never learn that an armed people , proud of , and devoted to liberty , was the only method of making a country unconquerable , and a government secure ? What ! was it any want of prerogative that made Austria , Prussia , Russia , and all the despots of Europe fall at the feet of France ? Or was it the want of their subjects hearts that deprived them of energy and support ; that left them in the hour of danger abandoned and forlorn ? This should teach princes and states , that those who had been accustomed to 'crook the preg 'nant hinges of the knee ' before one master , could as easily perform the same baseness before another ; which consideration might put them out of love with flattery and fawning ; and teach them , that despotism was not less impotent than cruel , not less marked by infamy than folly ; nor more to be hated than despised.—He had learnt , not only from those great writers whose theory , as the learned gent , said , unfortunately differed from the practice of the constitution—he had learnt not only from them , but also from high prerogative lawyers , amongst others front sir H. Finch * , the high prerogative lawyer , in the high prerogative times of that high prerogative king , Charles the first , who lost his head for his prerogative , which he owed not a little to his high prerogative lawyers , that though the prerogative extended , as they said , to every thing , yet it could not extend to abuse , because , being in its nature for the benefit , it could not be exerted to the injury of the public . Why , then , the question was , were those reversionary places for the benefit or injury of the public ? But , they were pointed out as a griev- * See Cobbett 's Parliamentary History of England , vol . ii . p. 35 . 27 ous injury and abuse by the committee of this house . This house had adopted that principle , framed a bill acknowledging it , and abolishing it , but we were now to be told it was unpalatable to the lords , that we must yield it to their prejudices : but it concerned too deeply the honour and character of the commons , which he would not consent to yield to the prejudice or the pride or the corruption of the lords , against which he would oppose the privileges of the commons . Nor would he consent , that the commons , in a measure , no matter how small , of economy , of saving the people 's pockets , of controlling public expenditure , should bate an inch of privilege , much less sacrifice the principle , which , in fact , was the whole of this bill . The hon . gent , who brought forward this bill , now proposed to be rendered totally worthless , by a compromise with ministers , ( and for whom he certainly entertained a better opinion than he had been pleased to profess he entertained for him ) recalled to his mind , upon this occasion , Bottom the weaver , who playing the part of Lion in pageantry before the court , and being excessively apprehensive lest he should cause any alarm , when he