could ever do afterwards for its acquisition . These are proofs that it was not to the suggestions of interest alone to which we listened . It was not , till an occasion actually arrived , in which justice warranted the measure which policy recommended , that we availed ourselves , as I contend we were bound to do , of the means our power afforded , to effectuate an object too long unaccomplished.—I demand then , sir , of the house ; I demand even of those who are most vehement in their condemnation of the transaction be fore us , whether they would have found reason to applaud a governor-general , to whom the care of our interests was delegated , who had not availed himself of the contingency that arose ; who , when the disposal of the country was submitted to his discretion , had relinquished our rights , had again put to hazard our resources , had deliberately revived the alreadly experienced calamities of fluctuating and conflicting authorities , had restored that blasting and inhuman tyranny , which before subsisted , and again delivered over the inhabitants of the Carnatic to that system of slavery , extortion , barbarity , and oppression , which , to use the emphatic words of lord Hobart , in diminishing our resources , carried with it the destruction of the human race , and the desolation of the country .. —It is urged , however , that measures 365 which , even in point of policy , might be necessary towards a prince , whose misconduct we had experienced , were not equally so towards an innocent , unoffending , untried , young man : in a matter of personal consideration merely , the justice of this observation could not be disputed . But in determining our judgment of the propriety of the conduct pursued , we must look not to the personal qualities of Ally Hussein , but to his political situation , and to the circumstances in which he would have been left , had a different line been adopted by the British government . If the calamities of the Carnatic had their source in a divided and fluctuating authority , that divided and fluctuating authority would have remained ; for I do not think any man is romantic enough to entertain the idea of our abandoning the country entirely to the nabob , or indeed that it was safely practicable . From the influence of that confederacy of European and native harpies that beset the Durbar , and combined to obstruct every effort towards correction or reform , what probability was there that he , young and inexperienced as he was , would have been able to break the shackles which his father had confessed himself unable to struggle with , and was forced to submit to ? With respect to his councils , his parent had not indeed made it a testamentary obligation upon him to pray for the enemies of Great Britain , but he had done more ; he had committed him to the care and guidance of those with whose assistance all the oppressions of the Carnatic had been exercised ; who having been in his own confidence , and that of his predecessor , must have contributed to , and partaken in , all the projects of faithlessness and disaffection of which they were guilty . Where then was the ground of a rational hope , that any one evil would have been corrected ? any one danger averted ? any attachment found that would have warranted the relinquishment of the smallest part of that security which alone could be effectual and permanent ? —But it may be asked , even allowing this , why degrade the unhappy prince ? why not accept the submission that was at last offered , and conclude with Ally Hussein the engagement you ultimately concluded with Azim ul Doulah ? I say , sir , we did not degrade him ; his disherison ( as it is called in the resolutions ) was his own deliberate act ; it was the consequence of his refusal