power of Europe ? What has become of this tremendous Pope himself ? The power he once possessed , Bonaparte has swept away , and a French prefect reigns at the Vatican . Does the right hon . gent . think , that Bonaparte 's tyranny over the Pope would induce the latter to befriend France , or to promote her interests ? If he do so , it must be through fear , and not goodwill ; because I do not presume the right hon . gent , will argue , that stripping him of his power , and robbing him of his territory , is the way to win his affections . What is now happening in Spain ? Does Bonaparte make use of the Catholic religion to extend the power of France ? Does he treat a Catholic state with more leniency than a Protestant one ? He has overthrown Catholic powers , as well as Protestant ; and his army now occupies Spain as a province of France . Whatever the right hon . gent , opposite to me may think of the disposition of the English and Scotch Protestants , in regard to Ireland , he must allow mc to say , that the Irish Protestants are as good judges as any of them . I have a letter from the late attorney general of Ireland , Mr. Plunkett , in which he states : `` There is nothing new in this country , excepting , I believe I speak within bounds , when I say , that , nine in ten Protestants , even including the clergy , would poll for the Catholic emancipation . `` —Do not the Protestants of Ireland know better than the members of this house , what tends to their benefit and safety ? They must also know better than the Protestants of England and Scotland , what would be the effects of Catholic emancipation . The Irish Protestants of eight or nine counties have signed Resolutions on this subject , and among them the most opulent gentlemen of the country . In one county I have the names of some persons , of several thousands a year , affixed to the resolutions in favour of the Catholics , and of many representatives of some of the oldest families in Ireland , whose property has been confiscated . What is the situation of the world at this moment ? —and what the prospect ? Do days pass over our heads , without our seeing it become worse ? Gentlemen opposite to me know better than I do , and better than I can know , what , the probable views of our enemies are , and what prospects are still cherished in France , with regard to the further extension of her power . But , after all we can say upon the 611 subject , the present ruler of France is a man of profound penetration . You may call him a cruel , vindictive usurper—a betrayer of the liberties of his country . Whatever epithets we bestow upon him , as an usurper and tyrant , we can not heap them upon him without knowing that he very well merits them . But what does our opinion of him signify , his power is what we are to regard . We can not make him less criminal or less systematic in his pursuit . He pursues the ruin of this country , and he pursues it with profound wisdom for the purpose of attaining his object . Has he not accomplished a great part of that object already ? What is your situation upon the continent at this moment ? With hardly a single ally , that can count upon his own safety for an instant—shut out from almost all connection with the continent , and likely soon to be entirely so—that is your condition . This he well knows . In the beginning of the last century , and in the war of the succession , what was your situation ? Compare it with the present . You then fought , not for yourselves , but