that the extinction of Prussia was owing to her not having properly provided for defence the fortresses she had ; and that it was not so much the loss of the battle of Friedland , as the want of strong places to stop the victorious enemy , that obliged the emperor of Russia to sign a most disgraceful peace . The fortifications which he would recommend , would greatly contribute to the defensive strength of the country , without menacing its liberties , which last was the dread objection that our ancestors had to large standing armies . After dwelling , at some length , on these topics , he concluded by strongly recommending to ministers to adopt every possible means of strengthening the national de- 954 fence now , while there was time to do so , and not to put those measures off , until the danger should be more imminent . expressed great obligations to his right hon . friend for the manner in which he had stated his opinions ; and declared his willingness to give every explanation that his duty would allow him , respecting the measures taken for the defence of the country . He agreed with his right hon . friend , that it would be a great fault in ministers to endeavour to lull the country into a false sense of security . He allowed that the danger was great , although perhaps not immediate . There was certainly danger enough stirring abroad , to make it necessary for the country to consider anxiously of the best means for its defence . If , on the one hand , he would not wish the country to entertain a false idea of its security , on the other hand , he thought it was but fair and right that it should know what had already been done by its government , to promote that security . In the first place , there was a number of regulars and militia , equal to what his right hon . friend had always considered as the greatest exertion that the country could be called upon to make . He had always said , that he had never found fault with the numerical force , or with the quality of those troops ; and he had confessed , that it was as large an army as was wanting , or as this country could afford to keep up . As to the deficiency in point of fortification , it would be obvious to his right hon . friend , that no country could at once so completely change its system and character , as , from a naked country , to become a strongly-fortified one . When it was considered how very low the establishment of the Ordnance was at the beginning of the late war , it was astonishing that it should have started forth from almost nothing to its present most respectable stale . There was no service which required more time to bring to a state of perfection . Engineers were not to be made in a day , or by an act of parliament . As to the defence of the coast , there had been considerable exertions , in this respect . Dover , Chatham , and the whole course of the Medway , were placed in a very strong state of defence . He believed the whole line of coast from Portsmouth to the Thames might be considered in a very perfect state of defence , and much more strongly fortified than any part of the enemy 's coast . The enemy were , indeed , 955 obliged to erect many batteries on their coast , not for the purpose of repelling invasion , but to protect their coasting vessels . They had latterly made the coast very strong between Boulogne and Ostend , that their boats might creep along near the shores in security , out of the reach of our frigates . The shores of the southern district were , however , as strongly fortified as any part of the French coast , and under the former administration of