. If , therefore , the arrangement made with Azeem ul Dowiah upon the death of Omdut ul Omrah , and the absolute refusal of Ally Hussein to give the Company a security against the future breach of the treaty of 1792 , had rested on this ground alone , I should have contended that it was warranted by the letter and spirit of the instructions transmitted by the court of directors to India ( who had also expressly ordered that the country should not be restored to the nabob in the event of war , until a better arrangement could be made with him ) ; that it was justified by the law of nations , 787 and the duties of humanity to our fellow-creatures.—But the house know that the arrangement made with Azeem ul Dowlah , is supported also upon other grounds : I mean of course the treacherous correspondence discovered at Seringapatam , coupled with the embarrassments opposed by the nabob to the collection and movement of our supplies during the last war with Tippoo . I shall now briefly examine that evidence . This part of the question has already received a very ample discussion in India , where every argument and objection could be best felt and appreciated . It has been carefully investigated by men possessed of that knowledge of the Eastern languages and manners , which rendered them peculiarly fitted for this trust ; men whose characters were never tainted by the breath of slander until the hon . baronet delivered his speech in the former debate ; and who , far from deserving such treatment , are entitled , for their public honour and public usefulness , to the protection and applause of this house . The right hon . member who spoke second in this debate on a former night , delivered his sentiments with so much perspicuity and judgment upon the nature of this evidence , that I shall confine my remarks to those impressions which local knowledge , and a tolerable acquaintance with Persian correspondence , have suggested to me during the examination of it . In doing so , I shall follow the order in which the correspondence is recorded ; not imitating the example of the hon . baronet , who in pursuit of his purpose of throwing a ridicule upon this evidence , thought fit to postpone the burden of examining the cypher ( which he knew to be the document of the most hostile tendency , and essentially necessary to give the true meaning of certain passages in other letters ) until he had slurred over all the other documents . In examining the first number , I am reminded that the honourable director , in adverting to this evidence , seated that nothing could be more unjust that to attach any imputation upon the character or truth of Wallajah or Omdut ul Omrah on account of this correspondence , since the Parts regarded as most obnoxious were communicated in the presence of lord Cornwallis and sir William Medows . Sir , it is evident to me that the honourable director has not accurately examined this correspondence . Those professions where Wallajah attempts to raise himself in the estimation of Tippoo 788 by a gross calumny against the British government , his ally , were not made in the presence of lord Cornwallis and sir Wm . Medows , nor was any part of the correspondence communicated to either of them . The instance to which I allude , is where Wallajah speaks of the war undertaken by lord Cornwallis against Tippoo sultan in the year 1780 . Wallajah knew perfectly well that lord Cornwallis had engaged in that war from the generous resolution of protecting our helpless ally the rajah of Travaneore ; and yet Wallajah tells Tippoo Sultan 's vakeels , May God long preserve Tippoo Sultan , who is the pillar of the religion of Mahomed ! Night and day I used to be absolved in this contemplation , and to pray for his highness 's prosperity ; I call God to witness this fact , because the confederacy of their allies