discussed by counsel at the bar . This is a topic on which I need not enlarge , it is so universally admitted . No mind , however enlightened , can have the law present to it in all its parts , and in every aspect . The arguments of Counsel refresh the recollection , and inform the understanding of the most learned judge ; their industry produces analogous cases for consideration , and aids in every respect . The greater the learning , the more enlightened the intellect of the judge , the more anxious is he to have this assistance afforded to him . But , by the measure proposed , the tribunal upon which every thing is to turn , the court which is to decide the difficult question of law , on which the justice of the particular case , and the rights of the parties depends , is to do it without heating the argument of counsel ; without any discussion before them , public or private , they are to proceed , upon the mere light of their own understanding , without any aid whatever . Thus it is that the rights of parties are to be dealt with , under this extraordinary and unprecedented regulation . The plaintiff , or pursuer , who has the choice of his tribunal , by the act of the court , without argument , or protest , or appeal , to have the court he has chosen changed upon him . In the same manner , both parties hi a to be subjected to have the case stated without their intervention—to have the judgment on the case so stated 1074 delivered in private , and by judges who have heard no argument , or any discussion on the subject . Is it possible more entirely to subvert every sound and received principle of jurisprudence on the subject of judicature ; and is it possible that such a regulation can be allowed to continue ! —Sir , in the consideration which I have long , frequently , and repeatedly bestowed on this subject , it has occurred to me , that as the court of session is to be formed into two chambers , a very simple regulation would attain all the effect meant to be got by the institution , on which I have been observing , without violating those principles which should uniformly govern in all judicial establishments ; while it would , at the same time , be attended with many other most important improvements in the system.—I readily admit , that it may be very difficult to secure uniformity in the law , where there is nothing to connect the court , and that the two tribunals or divisions of the court , about to be established , would , without mutual communication , in the end , adopt different principles of decision , unless there were some mode of communicating upon and discussing the same points , or some corrective power by the one tribunal over the acts of the other . It is to be observed , that in the court of session , as now constituted , there is a mode of re-hearing a cause , after a decision or interlocutor of the court has been pronounced , by what is called a reclaiming petition . This mode , now that there is but one court , is the only course of proceeding that can be adopted ; but it is necessarily attended with a most grievous defect in the judicial system , being an appeal ab eodem ad eundem , from the same court to the same court . Now , is it not most extraordinary , that when the means is obtained , by the division of the court into two chambers , to get rid of the same tribunal judging the same case over again , that the proceeding , by reclaiming petition , for any thing contained in this bill , is left where it was . So that if a suit shall be commenced in the court of the president , and either party discontented with