into a committee . Finding that the Resolutions were to be met in this manner , he should divide the house on every one of them ; and on the fourth , criminating lord Wellesley , not personally , but in his acts , he should again state to the house his reasons for confirming the Resolution . addressing the house , and condemning in strong terms the conduct pursued towards the young prince of the Carnatic , Ally Hussian , who had been , for no crime , punished with greater severity than was merited by the guilty person who had preceded him ; and no man could entertain a doubt as to the manner in which he came by his end , after he had been given into the power of another prince . It had been asked , whether the government , of India would put a young man upon the throne of the Carnatic , who was suspected not to be cordially their friend ? If there was any foundation for that argument , it was one of much greater validity for excluding Omdut ul Omrah . The father , who possessed his inheritance in the greatest splendour , had much more means of doing mischief than his son . An hon . gent , who spoke on a former debate had greatly misrepresented the fact when he said the Nabob of the Carnatic owed his power to the East India Company . At one time it was owing to the assistance the Company received from the nabob Wallajah , that our existence was preserved along the coast bordering on his territories , when the French attacked us near Fort St. David . It was said the nabobs were only a sort of lords , and that they had no authority in the country . The very contrary of this was the fact . The nabob was a legitimate sovereign , and the East India Company acknowledged him as such , by holding territory from him.—The hon . gent , then entered into a history of various transactions in India , to shew that it was contrary to the principles and practice of our government at former periods , to keep possession of the territory of native princes . At the conclusion of a war with Tippoo Sultaun , his territories , which we had taken possession of during hostilities , were restored to him . In op- 771 position to this and other acts of a similar kind , was our own convenience to be set up a plea for injustice ? The letters of lord Cornwallis had been quoted , during a former debate , in order to justify this proceeding . But the conduct of lord Cornwallis was that of his actually giving up the territory he possessed as belonging to the nabob ; and was it not extraordinary that this act should have been quoted for the purpose of justifying an opposite conduct ? The act to which the attention of the house was now called , arose out of a conviction , that to establish our dominion in the East , no part of the territories belonging to native princes should be suffered to remain in their hands . But he would ask if this system had answered in point of policy ? Were we gainers by it , even in mere profit ? No : the very reverse was the fact . As soon as we got possession of any additional territory in India , the establishment necessary to support it , had eat up the profit ; and it was now a well-known fact , that we received less money , in point of revenue , from the extensive dominions in our possession , than we received when we held them from the nabob . It was evident , therefore , the system had not answered , either in policy , or in pecuniary advantage . As to security , we had acquired none : for every day proved that the vast extent of our dominions in the East , made the security less and less . If the