of the benefits , and remark upon , the other , the smallness of the craved reward , I really am astonished that ministers should hesitate for a single instant to comply with Claims founded on an undeniable contract , and supported by services , which have exceeded the most sanguine hopes.—But , sir , I must at the same time , congratulate his majesty 's ministers on the acquisition of a virtue , of which I never before observed in them the least trait . And I shall be extremely happy if they remain under its influence on future occasions , instead of pensioning worthless objects , who have done their country far more harm than good . I scarcely know how to answer the arguments of the right hon . gentlemen on the opposite side , for they so perpetually shift their ground and change their position , that it is almost impossible to ascertain where they intend to make a stand . First , it is a bargain , then it is not a bargain ; and after all they seem doubtful , whether this is a bargain , or a remuneration . Now , I think it immaterial which it is , for if it is a contract , beyond a doubt it should be performed ; and if it is a remuneration , surely 50 shillings can not be considered too much to give a man , who gives you 100 pounds . Here the public has , and is receiving profits to the amount of millions ! For this stupendous engine is at this moment actually in motion , and will be so as long as the kingdom shall exist ; and while it does , it 's benefits must increase . For the numerous and incalculable advantages arising from this plan , I think the country can hardly ever make an adequate return to Mr. Palmer ; for the fatigue , anxiety , disappointment , and loss of health he has suffered , they never can , I am certain.—Sir , I am not in general very ready to place implicit confidence in the Reports of Committees ; but when I consider the impartial and able gentlemen that composed it , and that Mr. Palmer could have no influence over them , besides 299 that which the injustice he has been treated with , must excite in every honest man , I think it is a Report which is entitled to every kind of confidence and respect ; and my opinion of it 's fairness has received additional strength at hearing from an hon . baronet ( sir Thos . Turton , ) that all fair deductions have been made on account of that proportion of the increase of the Post Office Revenue which might be attributed to causes not immediately belonging to Mr. Palmer 's invention.—Sir , the hon . gentlemen have talked a great deal about the letters written by Mr. Palmer , but I can not conceive that they have any reference to the question which now occupies the house ; if there is any weight in them , it can only apply to the office and the salary ; to the claim to centage they are quite foreign.—Sir , that hon . gent . said , that this question was decided in 1799 ; but I really believe he must mean that as a joke ; for what decision could be expected by an unprotected individual opposed by a powerful minister , or what choice could Mr. Palmer make , when he was told , `` you shall `` either accept my terms or nothing . `` —And yet , this was the decision the hon . gent . alludes to . As I am sure there is no honest man in the country who would not willingly contribute towards the discharge of a debt like this , I shall vote for it whenever it shall be brought forward . defended Mr. Pitt 's bargain , and contended that if that great man had felt it to be improvident , he never would have shrunk from acknowledging it .