, before which the hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Windham seconded the speech of Mr. Burke from which the following extract is made ) must bow with deference and respect . 'Every man who opposes the government and its measures finds an immediate countenance from the nabob : even our discarded officers , however unworthy , are received into the nabob 's service . The nabob is in a great degree the cause of our present inability ( Oct. 11 , 1769 ) , by diverting the revenues of the Carnatic through private channels . In speaking of the nabob 's conduct , 20th July , 1778 : No sense of a common danger in case of a war could prevail on him to furnish the Company with what is absolutely necessary to assemble an army ; though it is beyond a doubt , that money to a large amount is now hoarded up in his coffers at Chepauk , and tunkaws are granted to individuals upon some of his most valuable countries . The creditors inspired into the mind of the nabob of Arcot ( then a dependant on the Company , of the humblest order ) a scheme of the most wild and desperate ambition that I believe ever was admitted into the thoughts of a man so situated . First , they persuaded him to consider himself as a principal member in the political system of Europe ; in the next place , they held out to him , and he readily imbibed , the idea of the general empire of Indostan . In pursuance of this project , they extinguished the Company as a sovereign power in that part of India ; they with drew the Company 's garrisons out of all the posts and strong holds of the Carnatic ; they declined to receive the ambassadors from foreign courts , and remitted them to the nabob of Arcot ; they ' fell upon , and totally destroyed , the oldest ally of the company , the king of Tanjore ; and plundered the country to the amount of five millions sterling , one after another , in the nabob 's name , but with English force , and brought into a miserable servitude all the princes and great 780 independant nobility of a vast country . In proportion to these treasons and violences , which ruined the people , the fund of the nabob 's debt grew and flourished . And let not the whole odium of these measures fall upon the creditors , to the exclusion of his highness : they were in perfect concordance with the feelings and wishes of his mind . Upon this subject let us again bear what Mr. Burke has said . But the gentlemen on the other side of the house know as well as I do , and they dare not contradict me , that the nabob of Arcot and his creditors are not adversaries but collusive parties , and that the whole transaction is under a false colour and false names . The struggle is not , nor ever has been , between their rapacity and his hoarded riches : no ; it is between him and them combining and confederating on one side , and the public revenues and the miserable inhabitants of a ruined country on the other ; these are the real plaintiffs and the real defendants in the suit . Refusing a shilling from his hoards for the satisfaction of any demand , the nabob of Arcot is always ready , nay he earnestly , and with eagerness and passion , contends , for delivering up to these pretended creditors his territory and subjects . It is , therefore , not from treasuries and mines , but from the food of your unpaid armies , from the blood withheld from the veins and whipped out of the backs of the most miserable of men , that we are to pamper extortion , usury , and peculation . But the most wretched of the consequences which resulted from the infatuated counsels and intrigues of Mahomed Ally , was the sanguinary warfare with