Catholics , I do not believe that there is the least , prospect , by discussion in a committee , of devising a plan by which you are likely to produce the good intended , or any good whatever . And although the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) observes , that this is only a motion that you should examine the subject , that observation has no weight with me ; for if the friends of this measure had any proposition which they themselves thought fit to be assented to , they might have proposed that measure without reference to the supposition that it might be opposed by me , or the chance of its being supported by me , because the ground on which I resist this is , that we have , in my opinion , gone already too far in concessions to the Catholics ; that is , that we have gone farther than principle requires us to go , and that we are arrived at that situation of things , in which it is our duty to make a stand , for the question is upon the principle . If , therefore , I do not find my mind ready to admit that the end which you have in view ought to be obtained , I ought not , as far as depends on me , to encourage you to proceed in the mode by which you hope to gain it . .—Sir ; I shall not now trespass on the patience of the house , for two reasons : first , because it is much too late to expect attention ; secondly , that if it were not , there are others better entitled 626 to it , and who may wish to claim it . I should , however , wish to make some observations , if gentlemen are disposed , at this period of the debate , to hear what a member has to ofler—if not , I should humbly propose that this debate be adjourned . I am aware that I have but slender claims upon your attention , but some things have been uttered in the course of this debate , upon which I could wish to make a few observations . I should suppose , from a consideration of the state of the house , and of the arguments upon this question , we can hardly expect to conclude the debate to-night ; for which reasons I move you , sir , That this house do now adjourn.—A mixed cry of hear ! hear ! Adjourn ! Adjourn ? go on ! go on ! instantly ensued . The Speaker accordingly put the question , and the motion for an adjournment was negatived by general acclamation . then continued : —I am not disposed , sir , to take the sense of the house upon the question of adjournment , for , to myself , individually , it is no great inconvenience to proceed , because what I have to say , is but short , and because it is chiefly in answer to what has fallen from the right hon . gent , who has just sat down , and who is the leading minister of the crown on some occasions ; but , who , in connection with his colleagues , seems to have wished to have passed over in silence this question , after the eloquent , the wise , and , to my mind , convincing speech of my right hon . friend ; that silence which followed it bespoke its character , which was , that it was unanswerable ; the silence however , was , at last , broken ; lest ministers should appear to the world incapable of giving it an answer ; but it is extraordinary that such answer should come , not from the minister who is hostile , but one whom I believe to be , in his heart , friendly , to the measure . But although the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , and a noble lord in the