turn expected . Thus , when every thing turned on the construction of an ambiguous sentence , and whether certain words were meant as compliments , or had some concealed meaning , instead of writing down these words , the commissioners exercised their discretion , and translated them into another language . Both the witnesses examined fully exculpated the nabob . The evidence of Ally Rhezzi went to prove nothing , and that of Gholaum Ally Khan was reported by the commissioners to be full of contradictions . But what was the construction put on these examinations by lord Wellesley ? he would not give up his favourite hypothesis against the nabob of the Carnatic , but he said , 'because these witnesses will give no material evidence , they must , have a knowledge of some atrocious fact , which not even our assurances of personal forgiveness , and even reward , will induce them to disclose . He would venture to say , that such a construction as this was unrivalled in the annals of injustice . The collection of the judicial atrocities of the darkest times , compiled by Voltaire , did not contain such a fact . Although it was known to the witnesses that the more atrocious their discoveries were , the more agreeable it would be to those on whom they depended , yet , with all the promises and threats held out in the Instructions before their eyes , they did not confirm a single suspicion entertained of the connection between Omdut ul Omrah and Tippoo Sultan . There were other witnesses examined , but because their testimony did not establish any fact consonant to the wishes of the governor-general , no notice was taken of the facts they communicated.—The learned gent , now turned his attention to the Cypher , and commented on the very great improbability of 926 any such mode of correspondence being adopted in a communication on indifferent subjects , if even it had been intended as the vehicle for secret matters . It was monstrous and ridiculous to say , that there was any thing mysterious in this , where all the mystery consisted in calling Tippoo 'the pillar of the faithful , ' the English , 'the new comers , ' and Wallajah , 'the well-wisher of mankind . ' By the same rule Gibbon 's History might be called a cypher , when the attributes of persons were assigned to them as names , as Virgil 's being called 'the poet , ' and Claudius 'the emperor . ' If such serious and melancholy consequences had not followed from such proceedings , they would have been more worthy of ridicule than serious discussion , and might , instead of having resembled a tragedy of Racine , have had the appearance of a foolish tale . When the enquiry was first instituted , the object was said to be , to guard against the power and treachery of Omdut ul Omrah ; but from his death happening in the interim , the same design was executed against a child who could have no power , nor be supposed disaffected towards the British . Before these measures could be justified , it ought to be proved , that the son was a party with the father ( if he was guilty ) , instead of having recourse to that monstrous proposition , which was laid down to the unfortunate Ally Hussein , namely , that Omdut ul Omrah having acted in such a manner as to become a public enemy , he , his child , by inheritance , entered into the condition of his father . But this curious and unfounded principle of national law did not enter into the conception of the parties , till occasion called on them for some such apology . If Ally Hussein would have consented to become the 'proper instrument ' of the governor general , it would never have been heard of , nor would those delicate hints of his not being the son of Omdut ul Omrah have been circulated . Azeem ul Dowlah , now said to be