an indisputable claim , not merely on the liberality , but on the justice of their country ; that claim might be fully satisfied out of the proceeds of Danish ships and cargoes , which had been condemned and sold ; and this deduction would be counterbalanced by what might be termed a set-off arising from the sale of British property sequestrated in Denmark ; so that justice , to a certain extent , might be done to the aggrieved parties in both countries . But to reach the limits of justice , compensation must proceed farther : all British subjects were entitled to it for losses sustained in consequence of any lawful adventure entered upon previous to the commencement of hostilities . Losses from such a cause could not be said to come within the reasonable scope of mercantile calculation . They were occasioned by a measure of the British government founded upon a supposed necessity , and directed to the object of self-preservation , to which it was contended that all other considerations must give way . But those who applaud , and who believe that they have derived security from this policy , must surely be willing to pay the price of it . A few individuals could not justly be made the victims of a measure , which could only be warranted by its tendency to provide for the security of all . The mode of indemnifying that class of sufferers , whose property was sequestrated in Denmark , had been suggested and was obvious : the claims of others on the justice of their 308 country , was not less forcible . The means of satisfying them must be left to the discretion of government , and the wisdom of parliament.—But this measure , extraordinary and harsh as it was both in its origin , and in its general operation , was attended with circumstances of peculiar severity and injustice . Amongst the ships and cargoes detained under the orders of the 25th of Aug. and the 2d of Sep. were many which had been wrongfully brought into British ports by our cruizers and privateers , the masters and crews of which were too generally actuated by a spirit of rapacity , by which individuals were cruelly injured , and the country disgraced . These , to a considerable amount , had been ordered to be restored by decrees of the high court of admiralty , or of the supreme court of appeal ; but in consequence of the supervening hostilities , the benefit of these decrees was withheld , and the property , the restitution of which had been directed by judicial authority , was condemned in the same court as prize to the king . Other ships and effects which were under adjudication at the commencement of hostilities , and which , as appeared from the proceedings concerning them , must also have been decreed to be restored , were condemned , and shared the same fate : —thus was an advantage taken of an original and admitted wrong , and the fruits of it became the property of the crown.—It was in vain to set up in such a case the undoubted right of the crown , under other circumstances , to the effects of an alien enemy ; the principles of natural justice , implanted in the heart of every man , must , in this instance , revolt at such a claim ; and this sentiment was happily sanctioned by ancient practice , and the highest authorities . In the year 1753 , a memorial from the court of Berlin was referred by his late majesty to his principal law-officers ; namely the judge of the admiralty , the king 's advocate , and the attorney and solicitor general ; which situations were then respectively filled by sir George Lee , Dr. Paul , sir Dudley Ryder , and Mr. Murray ( afterwards lord Mansfield ) . Their report , in answer , was declared `` to be founded on the principles of the law of nations , received and acknowledged by authorities of the greatest weight in all countries