only armed them with fresh power , while it injured the rectors , who could have no security for their property , whilst it was in the power of any bishop to take any part of his property he should think fit . Such an act of legislation must tend to breed feuds and animosities amongst the different ranks of the clergy , and eventually injure the church establishment and the cause of religion . For what good was the bill enacted ? Who requested it ? Cambridge university was hostile to it he knew . It was the child of the chancellor of the exchequer , who had published a pamphlet in its support . Oxford university and the clergy of London had expressed their disapprobation of the bill by petitions to parliament ; and not one city or county had expressed a hope that it would be adopted . But the right hon . gent . derived his support from a set of men hostile to the church establishment—the members of the Foreign Bible Society , the Society for the Suppression of Vice , and those dealers in Missionaries who had nearly overturned the power of Britain by their late conduct in India . To these he was decidedly averse ; but as the bill was almost identified with the present bishop of London , he had to apprise the house that he had given of late great cause of uneasiness to the true friends of the church , and in particular by a late gift of a benefice to a missionary of Bussora , who was a native of Poland , and whom it would even be necessary to qualify for his situation by a form of that house . This had placed 835 the bill in rather a suspicious point of view ; and from the arguments which he had urged , he found it his duty to oppose the house going into a committee . contended that the present bill was no invasion of church property , and quoted several instances from our history , to shew that such changes often took place , from the time of Richard the 2d . The property of the church was , in fact , that of the people , and certain relative duties were expected to be by them performed to qualify them for their possession . In the eye of the law there was another party with respect to church properly , beside the impropriator and the curates ; this was the people of the parish , who had an indisputable right to their services ; and the present bill only made such a provision for the clergy as would enable them to perform with credit to the church those duties of benevolence and hospitality prescribed by a religion they professed . supported the bill . It was not enacted for the advantage of dissenters , and was framed to go as far as any legislative act could go at present for the advancement of the interests of the church . The proportion of salary to the curate was only increased in proportion to the value of the rector 's income . This was a just principle . At Oxford he knew of no opposition to it , though he was there so late as last week . The great source of opposition to the bill had been the increase of influence to the bishops . This he always wished to counteract : but , in the present instance he saw no cause of alarm , nor were they parties to any alteration by the present bill . From a conviction that the present bill would be of great public advantage , he felt inclined to give it his whole support . not being a member of the established church , was afraid almost to say any thing on the subject , as it seemed to be connected with party and religious considerations , some of which might be conceived to involve himself ; but , nevertheless , he felt himself called on to support the principle set forth by his hon . friend ( Mr.