. In these transactions he could discern nothing of the British character . The moment they passed the Cape , he believed , with Mr. Burke , that they unbaptized themselves ; and that when they landed in India , they became something like the Upas tree , described by a Swedish traveller , that blasted and destroyed every thing that came within the reach of its pernicious influence.—The hon . baronet then entered upon the examination of the alledged treacherous correspondence of Wallajah and Omdut ul Omrah , with Hyder and Tippoo , and contended that there was nothing in it that could be considered as sufficient evidence of the charge . He several times asked the hon . baronet opposite ( sir John Anstrutther ) , whether he would admit such evidence in his court in India ? The 8th letter was merely a translation of a copy , and he asked if any lawyer would admit this as evidence . The 9th was from Tippoo to Omdut ul Omrah , in which the latter was stiled nabob of the Carnatic , though the letter was dated 1792 , and Omdut ul Omrah had not ascended the musnud till 1796 , from which it would appear that the document was a forgery . The hon . baronet went through all the 23 320 letters , commenting upon each separately , and contending that as they were merely representations of third parties of what they had heard , they were totally inadmissible as evidences of the guilt of Wallajah . But , even admitting that they could be received as evidence , he asserted that no honest man could lay his hand upon his heart and say , that they contained any indication of hostile intention on the part of that prince , or of Omdut ul Omrah , much less , evidence sufficient to justify the deposition of a sovereign and the usurpation of his dominions . Upon the parole evidence he observed , that it was given by the creatures of Tippoo , and the immediate dependants of the company , whom they alternately cajoled and threatened into giving such an account of the correspondence as it was the wish and interest of the British government , at the time , should be given . But neither by promises nor threats , to their own witnesses , could they attain their object of making good the accusation . And even supposing that Wallajah or Omdut ul Omrah , had been guilty of the alleged offences , what ground did his actions afford for the punishment of the son of the latter , and the grandson of the former ? He put it to the house what effect such conduct would have , were any minister wicked or daring enough to attempt to practise it in this country ? And was not justice the same all over the world , or had we one set of principles for India and another for England ? With a view to the interests of the country , he maintained , that the extension of our Indian territory tended only to entail an immense load of debt upon the country . But this was but a secondary consideration , when compared with the iniquitous spoliation of an in de-pendant sovereign . Before sitting down , he conjured the house by the national honour and faith , of which it was the guardian ; he conjured his majesty 's ministers in the name of the national character , of which they were the protectors ; he conjured every man in the name of that eternal justice which was the foundation of our happiness here and hereafter , to consider the importance of the vote which he was to give this evening . He was confident that it was essential to the security of our Indian empire to declare that the British legislature never would sanction any unjust or tyrannical act.—The hon . baronet concluded a long and masterly speech with moving the following Resolutions : 321 Resolved , I . `` That it appears to this house , that Mahommed Ally , otherwise