was necessary as a measure of precaution , it could not too soon be carried into effect . If it was not , the dispute could not be too soon put to rest . The noble lord concluded with moving , That the Report be referred to a committee of the whole house ; and anticipated from the moderation and the good sense of the gentlemen present , that the wishes of the committee would be carried into effect . ( of Norfolk ) agreed that this question ought to be set at rest . He was sorry to observe a practice of suspending the statute of Wm . and Mary , which was the best security of the agriculture of this country , by affording the means of disposing of the surplus produce . The breweries and distilleries took off this surplus . If their use of corn was stopped , the demand must be lessened , the price must fall , and the growth and supply must of course be diminished . The landed gentlemen did not seek to maintain corn at the highest possible price . All they sought was a sure sale and a saving price , without which the land would not be cultivated . The price this year was low till this committee had commenced its inquiries . It had recently risen in consequence of the agitation produced by the investigation of the committee . The Report itself allowed , that every permanent interference with the present established system of agriculture was injurious ; and it expressed great reluctance at adopting even a temporary restraint . Here the hon . gent , entered into a detail of the management of barley farms . In this species of culture , and that of wheat , an increase of one fourth had taken place within 15 years . The importation had proportionally diminished , and the fluctuation of the price of corn had materially lessened . The measure went to check the established system 433 and do away the progressive improvement . With respect to the West India planters , he doubted whether they stood in need of relief . The demand for sugars had lately increased so much , as to create an advance of 6s . per cwt . on the article . This demand had arisen from exportation . The distress of the West India planters had no claim upon parliament any more than that of any other class of men , —the Staffordshire potters for instance . A proposition of the same nature as the present had been brought forward in Mr. Pitt 's time . But it was found the revenue would suffer materially from it , and it was given up . Was the chancellor of the exchequer prepared to say this measure would not hurt the revenue , or was he prepared with a remedy for the defalcation ? The land was already sufficiently burthened with land-tax , property-tax , and tythes , and it might be expected that gentlemen would not go out of their way to burthen it , for the West India planters . He was sure the West India interest was at the bottom of this measure ; for till their distress was represented as so severe , this measure was never thought of . He had no objection to the stoppage of the use of grain in the distilleries , if it should be necessary . The government ought to have the discretion to impose or to remove this restriction when corn should come to a certain price indicative of scarcity or of abundance . highly approved of the fur , candid , and manly part the noble lord had acted in this business , as well as the ability he had displayed in the conduct of it . It was known to all the world , that we could not live without importing corn , and in case of a failure of importation , which happened now , or of a scarcity , which might very soon happen , it must be the duty of the legislature to seek for the best substitutes