In every step which the government in that case may take , they will be haunted by the penal laws . It is necessary now to place things upon such a footing , that soldiers may be 566 called upon to fight , not for their pay , but for the constitution ; that constitution which you have endeavoured to conquer them with.—You have no common feeling either for their pride or their passions.—It is not parliamentary certainly to talk of the Oath of the king , for which I entertain the highest possible respect . It has been urged that the oath of the king is incompatible with the removal of the disabilities complained of . Let us examine how far it is so . It is a fit subject of parliamentary inquiry , to ascertain whether or not the representation is just . We must not allow the enemies of the Catholics to abuse , in the first place , the religion of God , and , in the next , the piety of his majesty , without contradiction or restraint . The kings of England swore to maintain the liberties of their people . They are therefore subordinate to the law ; they can not invade the liberties or religion of any man , without committing a breach of their oath . They are not sworn to maintain the penal laws , nor to restrict the legislature from making new provisions in favour of the church , If the king , according to the provisions made respecting the church , is sworn to maintain them entire and without change , why , then , the church is placed beyond the power of human interference , and is also beyond the executive and legislative power . The penal laws are included in those provisions ; and what is the nature of them ? —Why , one of them goes to rob a Catholic of his horse ; another prevents him from educating his sons at home , and from sending them abroad for education ; another goes to deprive a Catholic father of his property . If the repeal of laws of this kind are a breach of the coronation oath , why , then , every sovereign since the time of Henry 8 is perjured—William 3 , when he signed the articles of Limerick , was perjured—and queen Anne , when she passed the Act of Union , was perjured—George the First and George the Second were perjured—His present gracious sovereign , when he passsed the Quebec Act , was persuaded to depart from his coronation oath—so in 1782 , when the Act of Catholic Inheritance was passed—again , in 1793 , when the Catholics were allowed the exercise of their elective franchises . In short , the Coronation Oath , from which so many departures has occurred , is nothing more than the oath of succession . This oath can not be interpreted in a manner laid down by the enemies of the Catholics with- 567 out making the Rights of the church , the Wrongs of the people—by incapacitating one fifth of his majesty 's subjects from contributing their best services for the benefit of the state . The church is in consequence made a confederacy against the stale , and the king a party to it . There may be cases in which the coronation oath might interfere with the penal statutes ; but then it would be to repeal them . The king is sworn to protect the Protestant religion as by law established—but I will suppose a case , in which it may be necessary to enlist Catholics for the army , in order to the better defence of the empire . Will it be said that the royal oath is to stand in the way at the time when the concurrence of his majesty in requiring the assistance of all his subjects to support the Protestant establishment against all enemies , is so imperiously necessary ? I should hardly think such a position would be advanced . Well then , in such case , the union of all ranks and descriptions