claims of so many excellent subjects and conscientious fellow christians . Be it however admitted , my lords , that the words of the coronation oath , will bear the construction which has been put upon them , I wish to ask where was the objection drawn from this oath , when , in 1782 , so many indulgencies were wisely and justly granted to the catholics of Ireland ? Indulgencies precisely of the same kind , though differing in degree , from those which are now petitioned for.—But , I forbear to push this argument any further ; various considerations restrain me ; and perhaps enough has been said , to prove , that the words of the coronation oath , have been unadvisedly and inconclusively brought forward during the discussion of that important question , which has engaged the attention of the public for more than three years . I will now detain your lordships no longer : indeed , I should not have presumed to in- 681 trude so long upon your patience , had I not thought it incumbent upon me to assign the best reasons in my power , for differing so widely from those around me , whose judgment I respect , though I can not implicitly bow to it , against the clearest conviction of my understanding and the best feelings of my heart . could not adopt the opinion of his right reverend friend , for whose understanding and virtues he had the highest respect , nor relinquish the safeguards which our ancestors had found it necessary to establish against the principles of the Popish religion . If this Petition had only sued for toleration the most extended , he would have felt no difficulty in acceding to its prayer : for toleration was the key-stone of the reformed church . But no complaint of this sort had been made . The Catholics enjoyed their rights under the protection of the law , and he was glad of it ; but he hoped parliament would always resist their attempts at acquiring political power ; because , however temporal and spiritual power might be disjoined in theory , they could not be practically separated . It had been said , that Catholics ought not to be judged now by the sentiments which had been formerly held by people of that persuasion . If any material alteration in their articles of faith had taken place , it became them distinctly to shew it . But it was a well-known rule of that church , that all the canons remained in force that were not repealed by a general council ; and , certainly , there were many objectionable points , that by this rule must be still considered as part of the Roman Catholic faith . He allowed that many Catholics had been eminent for virtue and piety . Who could hear the name of Fenelon without veneration ? He admitted that men might live together very well in society , notwithstanding differences of opinion on speculative points , but he denied that parliament could be opened to the Catholics as long as they owned a foreign jurisdiction , and maintained that there was no salvation beyond the pale of their own church . Impressed with these sentiments , though he by no means regretted what the Catholics had already obtained , he thought it inconsistent with wisdom and sound policy to break down the remaining barriers . had no objection to the fullest toleration in every respect ; but if the prayer of this petition should be granted , the Catholics would be on a foot- 682 ing with the Protestants , and therefore the word toleration would be totally inapplicable . There were some of the principles of the Catholics that ought to be regarded with peculiar jealousy . He did not mean to say that Catholics had no regard to their oaths ; it was impossible that any set of men could exist so totally abandoned as this would imply . But still he contended that their priests might persuade the violation of these oaths . The nobility of France swore