that had gone abroad , of an intention to erect a number of buildings , so as to obstruct the view of the park , which contributed so much to the pleasure and the health of the inhabitants of the metropolis , while it would materially injure the property of several individuals . He was at a loss what mode to adopt , in order to bring the matter under their lordships ' consideration ; but as it regarded the welfare of the public , he must think there was some mode or other of submitting it to the consideration of parliament . and the earl of Lauderdale insisted that it was highly unparliamentary to interfere in the private concerns of the crown . The duke of Norfolk observed , that if the noble lord should hereafter contrive to bring the question before the house , he would pledge himself to prove that the public were more interested in the property of the crown than in the property of any individuals . renewed his objections to the bill at some length . supported the bill upon the same grounds he had advanced upon a former debate . expressed himself as desirous as any man could be to provide amply for every degree of the clergy , so as to enable them to maintain the respectability and dignity of their sacred character ; but he was much afraid this bill would not answer the end which it proposed . He clearly foresaw it would be productive of numerous vexations , which , instead of promoting the interests of religion , would rather tend to injure them . When the Residence bill passed that house , it had been proposed by a short clause , to make a provision for curates ; but that clause had been rejected , and he was perhaps as much to blame as any other person for the failure of that clause . Viewing , however , the present bill in the light he 1112 did , he could not give it his support ; but as his objections were principally grounded on what he conceived of its effects , as a lawyer , he would wish the reverend bench would give their opinions on it , which could not fail to have great weight with the house . , in consequence of this appeal , rose and said , that the diocese over which he presided was so small , as not to furnish a sufficient number of instances by which any criterion for judgment could be established . He could , however , assure their lordships , that this was a measure to which he had paid great attention , with a view of extending all the relief , comfort , and convenience possible to those meritorious and active labourers in the vineyard for whom provision was intended by the present measure ; he regretted , however , that the bill in its present form was completely inadequate to accomplish the object which their lordships had in view , and , above all , that it could not have that immediate and beneficial effect expected by the liberal and humane right reverend prelate , who chiefly supported it . Their lordships must be aware that nothing could tend so effectually to the support and maintenance of the established religion as union amongst its clergy . This was an object so desirable , that every well wisher of the church must feel strongly inclined to encourage and support it ; but surely the proper line to be followed was not that which the clauses of this bill went to introduce , under the sanction of the legislature . The curate and the rector would be set at variance in the first instance , and then their superiors were to be involved in the contest by the power of appeal ; so that from beginning to end there would be nothing but one scene of confusion , distrust , and jealousy . He certainly was as liberally disposed as any man towards the inferior classes of the clergy , but until some effectual plan should be introduced