with the present measure , that , they wished it to be , -executed without delay , the best incentive was to indulge them with the enjoyment of the ballot as soon as possible . thought so large a ballot as this measure required , would be intolerable and impracticable . He wished the lists to be made out , and the ballot to take place at the same time for the local and the general militia , in order to avoid the unnecessary repetition of the bustle and confusion attending that proceeding.—After some further observations , the Amendment was agreed to as modified on the suggestion of lord Castlereagh . objected to the balloting plan of the noble lord , and proposed that the young men should be taken , from the age of 18 or 19 , to that of 25 ; that they should be trained for 3 months the first year , and that the time in the ; subsequent years should be diminished-as ; they advanced in proficiency ; that when they had passed the age of 25 they should be exempted from the service , so that the 275 rotation should depend on the age and not on ballot . He described the advantages of having the services of these young men , who would be much easier trained , and with a much less burthen to the nation , which would have fewer wives and families to provide for . It would be much Jess harrassing to the country than this ballot . observed , that this would entirely destroy the system of quotas , and the hardship would fall very unequally on the counties , unless the hon . baronet meant that the whole of the volunteer establishment should be immediately abolished . This would , besides , be attended with difficulties in the execution , much hardship , and other disadvantages , to which he did not see it necessary at present to subject the country . approved of neither of the plans ; but of the two , the hon . baronet 's was certainly preferable , as along with the burthen on the public it would be in some degree efficient , whereas the noble lord 's would do nothing more than impose an useless burthen . The hon . baronet was for dissolving the volunteers . The noble lord was for wasting them by degrees ; he was for drilling them , secundum artem : his object was to transfer them to the local militia ; he intended to bribe them to come into this militia , and to induce the officers , by giving them rank , to bribe the men to accompany them . This was his mode of proceeding with those to whom he had so often said he was willing to trust the fate of the country : why did he not trust them now ? He had within 50,000 of all that he had before of volunteers . But the noble lord was obliged to have recourse to this transfer , and to adopt some of the very methods he had so loudly condemned , and all this after the calumnies which he had propagated against the proceedings of the late administration on this subject . He did not at all approve of the method of training proposed by either of the plans . It was impossible to train the people , so as to bring them in regiments against the enemy , under officers as ignorant as themselves . What he had proposed was to teach them the mere elements , to handle their arms and to fire powder . But his great object was to have them enrolled , so that they might be called upon , in case of emergency , to join the regular troops under experienced officers . thought this a very fair bill , as it went to call upon those counties 276 to do their duty , who had not furnished their proportion of volunteers . mentioned , that he intended to propose that there should be an instruction to volunteer corps that were full ,