of the secretary of war , but to a defect in the existing laws . He was far from disapproving of the general regulations in Mr. Burke 's plan ; but , with all the respect which he entertained for that right lion , gent . 's memory , he confessed that he did not think that his habits had peculiarly qualified him for arranging subjects of this nature . The right hon . gent . here entered into a minute detail of the system that had prevailed previous to Mr. Burke 's Bill ; of the system which it was intended by Mr. Burke 's Bill to carry into effect ; and lastly , of the system which he meant to propose to the house . He meant to propose , that the examination and audit of the Paymaster-General 's Accounts should in future not depend upon the arrangement of regimental accounts , but that his account should be a cash account . Having said that none of the accounts of the Paymaster-General 's office had been examined for the last 25 years , he should be sorry that an unfounded and disadvantageous impression should be made on the public , by that statement . The fact was , that all sums issued from the Paymaster-General 's office were issued to sub-accountants , who rendered accounts for the disposition of those sums to various other offices ; so that it was evident that the greater part of those accounts were actually examined . The only part of them which had in a great degree remained unexamined , was the part which related to regimental accounts . No person could be more satisfied than he was of the extreme importance of examining these regimental accounts . The subject was now engaging the attention of that Committee from whose labours the public had already derived so much advan- 89 tage ; but , whatever might be their decision with respect to regimental accounts , it would not at all affect the propriety of enacting , that the account of the Paymaster-General should be considered as a cash account , and be audited and examined as such . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill accordingly . contended that it was the intention of Mr. Burke , in his bill , to accomplish the object which the right hon . gent . proposed . He dwelt at some length on the hardship to which Paymasters were exposed , who , having quitted office for many years , were called upon to make up their accounts , when the documents by which they might be enabled to do so were exposed to be stolen , and actually were stolen , for the purpose of sale to tallow chandlers and others , engaged in various businesses in which waste paper was necessary . again disclaimed any imputation whatever on Mr. Burke ; but still contended , that his bill did not go to make the Paymaster 's account a cash account.—Leave was granted to bring in the bill . rose to move the Resolution for a grant to Maynooth College . The grant in former years had been 8,000l . Last year it had been increased to 13,000l . for the purpose of enabling that institution to erect buildings capable of containing fifty additional students . It was his intention to move in addition to the 8,000l . of former years , by which 200 students had been maintained , an additional sum for the maintenance of the 50 new students ; he therefore moved , That a sum not exceeding 9,250l . Irish currency , be granted to his majesty to defray the expences of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland for the current year . declared , that the ground on which he was induced to concur in the motion of his right hon . friend was , his conviction that the number of priests who would be educated at the College of Maynooth , would , according to his right hon . friend 's proposition , added to those educated in other parts of Ireland ( of whom