to build on a large scale the means of defending the country against invasion , the danger of which was more real than many people were disposed to imagine . Such was the kind of force most likely to make a solid and secure opposition to an invasion ; not your large standing armies . Austria , Prussia , Italy , and all the old governments , which fell like ninepins before the attack of the French , had such 959 armies ; but they were not such a force as he thought should and might now be organized in this country , and on which alone it must rely for its defence and security . observed , that the principle of the old posse comitatus was excellent in theory ; but like most things which were very specious in theory , it was most inconvenient and insufficient in practice . What the state of the country now called for was , a force permanent in time of peace and of war ; and which , by providing such permanent means of defence to co-operate with the already existing force , would provide the means of permanent resistance to a permanent danger . He therefore did not see the use of the amendment . distinguished between the plan of his noble friend ( lord Selkirk ) and that recommended by the noble earl . His noble friend was for so modelling the measure as to make it operate in training the whole body of the youth of the country to the use of arms . In that plan he willingly acquiesced ; but if the amendment of his noble friend should be rejected , he should give his support to the present bill , as approximating next to that which he thought would best accomplish the object which government had in view , and which the nature of the times made indispensably necessary . proposed an amendment to secure persons balloted for in the training act , from serving in the local militia . This amendment , after a few words from lord Hawkesbury and lord Stanhope , was also negatived ; after which the bill was passed . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of their lordships to the bill now before them . He had bestowed much attention on the nature of Mr. Palmer 's Claims , and on the evidence which had been adduced for and against them After due consideration of these points , it was his opinion that the bill ought to be rejected , and he should conclude with a motion to that , effect . The noble lord then went into an examination of Mr. Palmer 's contract with Mr. Pitt , which he contended had in view future as well as past services . He also asserted , 960 that Mr. Palmer 's appointment was during pleasure , and only to continue as long as his conduct deserved approbation , and his exertions were beneficial to the public . There was nothing , therefore , in the terms of the contract on which to rest the claims which Mr. Palmer now advanced . Besides , the conduct of Mr. Palmer , in several transactions , was of a complexion to merit the severest reprobation , and the forfeiture of any conditions that might have been entered into in his favour . On this head , he would refer their lordships to the evidence on the table , more particularly to that of Mr. Long , who was , from his situation at the time , best enabled to be informed of every particular connected with Mr. Palmer 's contract . That evidence was far from speaking very strongly in Mr. Palmer 's favour . On these grounds it was , he had thought proper to bring forward his present motion , and not from any private motive of ill-will towards Mr. Palmer . His lordship concluded with moving that the bill be rejected . —My lords ; Nothing excited by any speech to which I may on former occasions have listened in this house , comes near to