the discussion of it . I can only say , that gentlemen on the other side of the house can have no reason to be surprised that some 620 of us should think , from their conduct , that many of them at least are actuated by party motives ; for , however strenuous they may now appear to be in support of this application , made in the name of the Catholics , yet clear it is , that during the whole of the period in which they were in his majesty 's councils , they did all they could to prevent this very subject from being brought forward at all . They thought at that time , and they thought justly , that such an application was not likely to be of use to the Catholics , or to the country ; on the contrary , that it was likely to produce mischief ; and therefore they , most prudently and politically , endeavoured to prevent the subject from being brought forward . They endeavoured to prevent the only person who was then desirous of bringing it forward from moving in it . They then wanted to withhold all discussion upon the subject . Why do they bring it forward now ? Do they think it more likely to be carried now than it would have been then ? Or , supposing it not likely to be carried now , do they think it likely to be more productive of good to the cause of the Catholics now , than it would have been then ? If they thought , only a year ago , that the subject could not be brought forward to advantage the cause which they are so eager to support , what is it that has operated to create so great a change in their minds ? Oh ! but they tell us , that although they do not entertain a hope they shall succeed in their application , yet the discussion is most valuable , will do incalculable good : that the subject is of such a nature that it can not be discussed too much : that the more it is discussed , not only the more it will be to the advantage of the Catholics , but the more it will be to the general advantage of the empire . Now , I wish to know what new lights have so improved their vision , as to make them so much more clear-sighted on the sudden , than they were on a former occasion , and if the case be so clear , as they say it appears to them , how comes it that the discussion of it should have been so long protracted ? I know of no other circumstance of alteration in the present period , that makes it more convenient , in the views of the gentlemen on the other side , to discuss this matter now , than at the time when they declined the discussion , except that of their being in power then , and of their not being in power now . If there be any other new light , except such as they have derived from being out of power , to make 621 them see things more clearly than they did when they were in power , I am at a loss to discover it . They brought in a bill which was said by some of us , at the time , to be a measure which , if carried , would not be satisfactory to the Catholics ; but we are corrected in our judgment in that particular , by the right hon . gent . who now assures us that the Catholics would have accepted it as a boon , and yet so great was the patriotism of its authors , that they consented to withdraw this boon , rather than that the country should lose the benefit of their services . It may , undoubtedly , be true , that nothing of party mixes in this business , but , under all the circumstances which attend it