session will pass without similar applications . Sir , I do trust for the credit of 250 the country , that no parallel instance of national ingratitude can rise up to cover any future minister with the shame and disgrace which must accompany it , but if , unfortunately , any such should exist , let them be produced ; the sooner we wash from our hands the spots which contaminate them , the more consistently with the honour of the country , and the justice and dignity of this house , shall we act . We must acknowledge , that a gross injustice has been done : let us not then add oppression to injustice , and stifle the cries of the victim with an aggravation of his injuries , and an insult on his feelings.— Sir ; I do most solemnly adjure the house to reflect seriously before they come to a decision upon this affair . This is no common debate ; it is , thank God , no party question ; it is one in which our dearest interests are involved ; it is one in which ministers , as the guardians of the public faith , no less than of the public purse , are concerned ; and let them beware of impressing this notion on the public , that the word of a minister is less sacred , less to be depended on , less safe , than the contract of the most abject individual.—I beseech gentlemen to consider that it is not only in this house , but out of it , that our conduct to this individual is the subject of discussion and judgment . All are aware of the equity of these Claims . The services of Mr. Palmer are daily and hourly experienced by all ranks and descriptions of people , and I feel satisfied that there is not an individual in the country who would not chearfully subscribe his mite to the discharge of so just a debt.—But sir , I have no fears for the issue of this motion . I feel confident , that the vote of this night will rescue the nation from an ignominious breach of faith , and evince to our constituents , that though justice should be banished and driven from the breasts of ministers , here she will ever find a sacred and hallowed refuge . If ministers know not or neglect their duty , if they violate the principles of justice towards the meanest individual , here they will be compelled to retrace their footsteps ; for within these walls , it is not , I am sure , assuming too much to declare , that merit can never want friends , or the claims of justice and integrity successful advocates . ( Sir Thomas Plomer ) briefly observed , that it was his fixed opinion , that Mr. Palmer could establish no legal claim whatever to any part of the remuneration proposed ; but that at all 251 events , however wide a construction the liberality of the house might please to give the Agreement of percentage , it was absolutely impossible for any man professing the least knowledge of the laws of his country , to maintain , that the salary of 1,500l . was to be considered due to him since the year 1793 ; as from that period to the present moment , Mr. Palmer had remained totally unemployed , and had not discharged any one of the official services for which that salary was originally given . informed the house , that he had been fully acquainted with every particular relative to this business , at the time when the bargain was originally entered into between Mr. Palmer and the minister ; and that he could assert from his own positive knowledge , that Mr. Palmer at that time considered himself to be forming an Agreement , which should stand independently upon its own merits , and not be liable to avoidance , upon any personal quarrel or misunderstanding between the parties . And he could also state , that from many communications had with Mr.