establishment , the unqualified toleration of Catholics produced none but the happiest effects . In Holland they were found good citizen 's ; in Swisserland , faithful allies . Even in your own country , and during all the rigours of your past intolerance , the fact is acknowledged in the most solemn proceedings of your government . In 1778 , the first act passed in Ireland for the relaxation of the penal laws , was grounded , as its preamble declares , on the long and uniform good 660 conduct of the Catholics . It is for the honour of both parties that the fact should thus be recorded ; for the interest of both , that it should always be remembered . It is on the same grounds that I now propose to you not to adopt a new and untried course of measures , but to persevere in that of which we have already experienced the advantage ; to repay loyalty by protection , and to deal out kindness in reward for attachment . This is the happier policy which we have pursued for the last 30 years ; have we seen reason to repent it ? At the commencement of that period , we first invited a depressed and desponding population to share in the blessings of industry : we opened to them the various channels of domestic and foreign commerce ; we restored to them that interest in the soil of their country , which the barbarous policy of our ancestors had denied ; and we effaced from their statute book , laws , which dishonoured the legislature , and sapped the morals of the people . And surely never were wisdom and liberality more abundantly rewarded . Under the happy influence of this system , one and the same generation has seen Ireland start from poverty , contempt , and weakness , into wealth , consequence , and power . Has she alone enjoyed these benefits , or have they not all been shared with Great Britain ; augmenting even in a still greater proportion our own prosperity , and at this hour essentially contributing to our defence ? Examine all the resources of the empire : its revenue augmented by her contributions ; its wealth , and commerce , and navigation , of which she furnishes so large a part ; its naval and military strength , the bulwarks of our common safety , and the glory of our common name . These are the genuine fruits of an enlightened and liberal policy , cultivated by the extirpation of barbarous prejudices , and incapable of being reared to maturity , except by the blessed influence of tolerant principles and equal laws . How satisfactory , how honourable the reflection , that against the dangers of this tremendous crisis we are armed chiefly by the consequences of our own magnanimity ! How glorious the contrast between the magnitude of our present efforts , and the more limited exertions , by which , only thirty years ago , we must have met this great necessity , unaided by the prosperity of Ireland ! How unanswerable the call of these Petitioners , who urge you to grant to your country , by the completion of this 661 great and necessary work , that additional security , which no period ever more required , which no policy was ever better calculated to insure . You have not hitherto stopped in this honourable career ; when you had opened to this people the means of industry , and the sources of opulence , you did not , in the language of the present day , 'take your stand there . ' You adapted new benefits to the improved condition of your people . By agriculture and commerce , wealth and influence had been rapidly acquired ; with these , civilisation had been extended , and knowledge diffused ? and by an inevitable consequence , the enjoyment of these advantages had created an increased attachment to the government which secured them . No longer confined within its former limits , of a gentry debarred from , the exercise of