not be the marriage , because Omdut ul Omrah appears to be a party in it ; and it is only in the succeeding letter we find he had been induced to take any share , or interest himself in the negociation relating to the marriage.—The following letter describes also a similar meeting in a garden , under an equally fictitious pretext , with this difference , that it was solicited on the part of the vakeels . Omdut ul Omrah is there stated to have conjured them not to commit to writing some expressions he used , saying , that he so expressed himself out of regard to the faith , and his friendship towards the protector of it . In the last paragraph of this letter it is mentioned , that they had induced Omdut ul Omrah to lay the foundation of the connection by marriage . To those who refer to this letter it will be clear , from the manner in which the marriage is mentioned , that whatever was conveyed under the mysterious expressions that were not to be committed to writing , it had no reference or connection with the marriage . The marriage , if at all a subject of negociation , was entrusted exclusively to Gholam Ally Khan . It is stated that a negociation for marriage is a matter of much delicacy among the Mahommedans , the nabob , therefore , would certainly not propose to treat on it with both the vakeels jointly . It appears besides , that separate conversations took place between Omdut ul Omrah and Gholam Ally Khan , at each of these meetings , said to be in relation to that subject , but we learn from the evidence of Gholam Ally Khan , that what they were conjured not to commit to writing , was communicated to both . The short extract from a letter of the sultaun too is a confirmation of this argument , and seems to leave no question of the marriage and the subject of these confidential expressions to be totally distinct . He directs them to inform him of the expressions of Omdut ul Omrah , and the 'thing you know of ' , which is explained by the evidence always to mean the marriage . What then was the purport of these expressions ? Ally Reza says , it was confined to professions of attachment , and to information relative to 343 the French . Now , sir , it can not be forgotten that both these had been long before communicated and written , and could not , therefore , require that solemn injunction of secresy that was imposed . We are thus reduced , I say , to the necessity of doing one of two things , either totally withdrawing our belief from Ally Reza Khan 's account of what passed ; or in admitting the truth of it , to admit , that under the words , friendship , attachment , and regard , was veiled a sense little corresponding , in point of comprehension and effect , to that in which they are usually accepted.—The ceremony which is related in the ensuing letter , as having taken place under the immediate directions of the sultaun , in the Jaumah mosque , does not immediately involve either Wallajah , or Omdut ul Omrah , as the younger branches of the family appear to have alone been present . The remark , therefore , that I wish to offer on this document , relates rather to the sultaun—the probability of his anxiety to connect himself with the nabob , and the prevailing purpose in his mind , of the connection he desired . It has been held out that the sultaun was indifferent to the pretended advances of the nabobs ; and , it has been asked , what benefit could he possibly hope from such a connection ? —Why should he be solicitous to contract ties with persons so little able to assist him as the princes of the Carnatic ? —The question is satisfactorily answered by the evidence of Ally Reza Khan . He tells