the present measure ; the first was , what necessity there was for it ? the second , whether it might not be traced to the motive of wishing to bring back the old system of having soldiers for life ? in explanation , denied that he had abandoned the right hon . gent . 's training system . All he wished was , not to carry it to greater lengths than what was necessary . With respect to the recruiting officers from the army alluded to by the right hon . gent . they were 400 in number when he came into office , and were rapidly increasing . A Serjeant was attached to each , so that the expence to the country was considerable . It had , therefore , been determined by his majesty 's government , that those among them who had not evinced any exertion , should be dismissed . The volunteer Serjeants had only commissions given them to enlist , but no sum , unless the men were raised . Certainly , the inspecting field officers were allowed to make advances to those Serjeants , and the only reason why no bond of security was given by them on those advances , was the large duties on such bonds . contended , that the time for making a radical reformation in an army was peace and not war ; and that the army in this country , if a proper disposition were made of it , would be amply sufficient , without the imposition of any additional burden upon the people , by ballot or otherwise , to repel whatever enemy might venture to attack us . The pathetic manner in which the right hon . gent . had so repeatedly deplored the subversion of his military system , reminded him of the lamentation of Rachel over her children , who , according to the Scriptures , 'would not be comforted . ' Among other regulations which he thought it would be adviseable to adopt in the present juncture , he strenuously recommended the formation of camps for the exercise of our army , both regulars and militia . He was convinced also , that if the volunteers were united for a time to regular troops for the 54 purpose of sharing in their discipline , and of being instructed by their example , it would have an excellent effect , by awakening their dormant spirit , and by inspiring the whole of our military force with the greatest enthusiasm and patriotism.—Leave was then given to bring in bill . after narrating the proceedings of both houses , relative to the former bills on this subject , stated , that as the house seemed to be of opinion generally , that the condition of the Curates of this country was such as required amelioration , he should now move for leave to bring in a Bill for that purpose . He should propose that , in most cases , those gentlemen should have a salary equal to one-fifth of that of the beneficed clergyman ; but that , in no case , it should exceed 250l . per annum . With respect to the apportionment of those salaries to curates which were to be below that maximum , he confessed , that he had rather that the mandate should have been peremptory on the bishops , than that they should have an option ; but he found , upon inquiry , that the majority of the most weighty opinions was in favour of the proposition for giving a discretionary power to the bishops , fie had therefore conceded to the weight of those opinions , and given such a discretion in the bill . If the measure should meet the approbation of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Foster ) , he believed a similar bill would be brought in for Ireland . In the present bill , he had to inform the house that he had also made a provision similar to that which had been lately made by a right hon . friend of his , namely , a provision for