1126 number of houses parallel with Park-lane , but to build only opposite mean and low houses . But was not the mean house as dear to the proprietor , as the splendid mansions of lords Grosvenor and Petre were to those noblemen ? Did he not , in fact , pay an additional price for the view as well as his wealthier neighbour , and why was he to be deprived of it ? If this plan were carried into effect , the proprietors of these new houses would naturally throw their best rooms towards the park , and put their stables and other nuisances towards Park-lane . It would be a less objectionable plan to build on both sides of Rotten-row , that gentlemen might take their morning rides there , and have the advantage of being gazed at by the ladies in the balconies . If the right hon . gentleman would have the candour to assure the house that nothing further would be done in this business until the next session , he would recommend his hon . friend to withdraw his motion . Before he sat down , he would embrace the opportunity of apprising the house , that in the course of the next session it was his intention to bring forward the motion respecting the improvement of the metropolis , of which he had given notice two years ago , but which he afterwards dropped in consequence of some objections on the score of economy from the administration with which he was then connected . professed his willingness to withdraw his motion upon the assurance suggested by his right hon . friend . said , that consistently with his duty , and the view he took of the subject , he would give no such assurance . said , that so far from the plan being completely arranged , he had only heard of it about a week ago . wished to be informed whether any engagement had yet been entered into with Sweden , to give effect on their part to the Orders in Council . A noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) had formerly given notice of a motion to address his majesty to revoke those Orders , but had been induced to withdraw it in consequence of the negociations that were pending . Although 1127 no motion to that effect had , on that account , since been made , he still retained his former opinion with respect to the impolicy and injustice of those Orders . As the case at present stood , the execution of them rested with his majesty 's ministers , in whom he could have very little confidence . They had the power of suspending their execution in certain cases , by means of granting licences ; and he was anxious to know what policy in this respect it was intended to adopt towards Spain . He did not wish to extort from ministers any answer that it might be improper to give ; but he trusted that the narrow policy of selling licences would not be adopted upon the present occasion , but that a broad and liberal policy would mark the conduct of his majesty 's ministers with respect to the Spanish nation ; and in this view , it might be expedient to revoke the Orders in Council , so far as regarded the ports of that country . He could not help again adverting to the expediency of issuing a Declaration , stating in an open and manly manner our views with respect to Spain , and our determination to assist them , without intermixing any selfish objects in the recovery of their independence . He had heard that the Spanish prisoners had been released , and he applauded it as a wise and liberal act . He thought , however , that it ought to have been accompanied by a declaration of our motives for doing so , which would have had a much better effect in Spain than the mere act itself , or than what the released prisoners could be enabled to state on their return