upon Mr. Palmer a substitute for the conditions ( having secured , on the other hand , all the increase to the revenue and all the convenience to the public ) is a matter which I lament , but upon which I shall not expatiate . I will only say , it seems as if , when the stipulated gains of Mr. Palmer came to an amount far beyond what had been expected , an apprehension arose that an improvident bargain might appear to have been made for the public ; to get rid of which imputation , it was expedient to annul the bargain by the hand of power . Provident or improvident , it was a bargain ; and as to the magnitude of the profit to Mr. Palmer , it could only be proportional to the augmented convenience of the public . But the noble lord then resorts to his other ground ; and he tells you , that whatsoever the conditions might have been , they were forfeited by Mr. Palmer 's misconduct in the office ; of which misconduct the noble lord has been pleased to indicate particulars . I have already resisted the position that any alteration in the engagement could be affected by Mr. Palmer 's behaviour in office , other than that if he misconducted himself , he was no longer to have the superintendence of that concern on the good or on the bad management of which his gains were ma-materially to depend . It was scourge enough over Mr. Palmer , that the business might be left to persons , who , having asserted that the scheme never could 964 succeed , were piqued in vanity to defeat his hopes as well as those of the public ; and in this circumstance lies the explanation of the necessity for Mr. Palmer 's being in the Post-office at all . But see what is urged against this gentleman . Letters written in the carelessness of confidence to his deputy are produced to prove the insolence of Mr. Palmer towards the Post-master General , and Mr. Palmer 's connivance at frauds . With respect to the first , it is never to be forgotten , that Mr. Palmer conceived himself , though ostensibly under the Post-master General , to be substantially independent of any one but Mr. Pitt ; but , as this seems not to have been explained by the Treasury to the Post-master General , there were constant jealousies of intrusion on the one hand , and of contumacy on the other . I am not palliating the tone of Mr. Palmer 's letters , because I have no doubt but that he would be the first now to condemn their stile , though they were addressed to one on whom he had such reliance that the sentiments seemed not to go beyond his own breast ; but I positively deny that the shadow of an impeachment against Mr. Palmer 's integrity can be drawn from those letters or from the transactions to which they refer . The noble lord , without sufficient consideration of the nature of the evidence , directly charges Mr. Palmer with having been privy to the fabrication of false vouchers . How does the case really stand ? In the outset of the business , before any thing had got into its regular course , Mr. Bonnor , the deputy , advances a sum of money to one of the persons employed in travelling to establish the line for the mail coaches . That man loses his accounts of the expenditure . Mr. Bonnor can not recover the sum from the office without detailing the articles of charge . He applies , in a letter now before you ( see p. 199 ) , to Mr. Palmer , stating the hardship of not being repaid money bonâ fide laid out in the public service . Mr. Palmer directs Mr. Hasker , another gentleman of the Post-office , to sit down with Mr. Bonnor and calculate what might equitably be supposed the expences of the man measured by those journies which there was proof he had