. to transfer that stock to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt , with the view of obtaining in its stead equivalent Annuities . Though the subject , sir , is of great importance , I do not think that at this moment the Resolutions will lead to any discussion , because I am not disposed to request that the house will form any opinion upon them this night . All that I intend is , after having briefly explained the nature of my proposition , to move the reading of the first Resolution pro formâ , and then to propose , sir , that you report progress . The whole of the Resolutions will be printed , and put into the hands of members as speedily as possible ; and I shall defer any motion for resuming this committee until next week , in order that full time may be given for the due consideration of the subject.—Before I proceed in my statement , I think it extremely necessary to guard myself against any misapprehension that might otherwise arise , with respect to the tendency of the measure which I am about to propose in regard to the Sinking Fund . I declare to the committee , that I have no idea , directly or indirectly , of diverting the operation of the Sinking Fund from its natural and proper object , the Redemption of the National Debt . I trust , therefore , that no preconceived opinion on this subject , will be allowed to prejudice the minds of the committee.—I shall now , sir , state the nature of my proposition , and the reasons which induce me to recommend it to the adoption of the committee . I mean to propose , that liberty be given to any person possessing stock in either of the great 3 per cents , ( the Consolidated or the Reduced ) to transfer that stock into the hands of the commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt ; and that on such transfer he be entitled to receive an Annuity for life , amounting to such a sum over and above the dividend on his stock , 262 as an accurate calculation of the value of the principal so transferred will prescribe ; taking the stock at the current price of the day of transfer , and varying the calculation according to the age of the individual . On these last particulars , however , I must observe , that I would propose to limit the power of transfer to persons under 35 years of age , and the amount of the transfer to sums not less than 100l . each ; the former , because many impositions might otherwise be practised ; the latter , because the commutation of smaller sums would cause considerable trouble and inconvenience . The effect , sir , of this measure would , as I conceive , be not only to take out of the market all such stock as would become subject to such commutation , but also to secure to the nation the redemption of the funds so transferred , at the price at which they were when the transfer was made . The committee must be perfectly aware , that the operation of the Sinking Fund has recently very much increased the price of stocks . There is every reason to believe , that by the continuance of that operation , they will still further be increased in price . No one can doubt , sir , that if the measure were consistent with public faith , it would be extremely desirable to give to the nation an opportunity of redeeming the whole of the National Debt at the present price of the stocks , because that would preclude the effect which any future advance in the price of the stocks must have in retarding the operation of the Sinking Fund.—There are two objects which the Sinking Fund has in view ; the one to provide for the final redemption of the National Debt , the other to keep up the price of stocks in the market