the letter and the spirit of the 488 treaty , but as if it had gone further , as if it had proceeded to the utmost stretch of honour ; were we still to look upon them with an eye of friendship , when we were convinced , not only of their awe of the power , but of their attachment to the cause , of the enemy ? The letters of admiral Louis and sir J. Duckworth informed , the government that force was necessary , and that every thing depended upon promptitude . He would , therefore , leave it to any officer , whether it would have been politic to have advanced and left the troops behind . The question was to be decided upon the principles of general policy , and not upon an argumentum ad hominem ; and he maintained , that there was nothing , either in the principle of action , or the arrangement of the plan , which had been attempted to be controverted ; it was not therefore , to be judged of , from what followed , instead of from what preceded , the transaction . endeavoured strenuously to impress the house with an idea of the impolicy of the measure . The question was then loudly called for , and , after a short reply from Mr. Taylor , the question , that the other orders be now read , was put and carried without a division . thought the clause for indemnifying the clergymen solemnizing such marriages objectionable , though he should not oppose it upon the present occasion . An intimation of an intention to oppose such clauses in future might perhaps have the effect of preventing the solemnization of these marriages . observed , that the necessity for these bills arose out of the very different provisions which applied to different churches and chapels , in some of which marriages were allowed to be solemnized and in others not . From the previous habits of clergymen , many of them could not be supposed to be acquainted with these legal distinctions , and 489 were thus unintentionally led to solemnize illegal marriages . Another cause also arose out of a clause in the Marriage act passed in the last reign , which declared all marriages illegal that were solemnized in any church or chapel in which bans were not then published . This was the great cause of these illegal marriages being solemnized , many clergymen not being aware of the distinction . He was afraid no effectual remedy could be applied , although every means would be used for that purpose , unless the legislature were to make a general enactment , declaring in what churches and chapels should now be legally solemnized . thought the suggestion might be carried into effect , by means of a clause in the present bill . took an opportunity of mentioning the abuses that were practised with respect to the publication of bans , by means of parties taking a fictitious lodging in a parish different from that in which they resided , and having the bans there published . He knew of many very improper marriages which had taken place in consequence of this abuse , which he had in vain endeavoured to remedy . observed that it was the opinion of lord Thurlow , that the clergyman in such a case might be indicted for a temporal offence , it being the meaning of the law that the bans should be published in the parish where the parties dwelt , and it also being the duty of the clergyman to make inquiry as to that fact ; although such marriages , being in themselves legally solemnized , were undoubtedly good . After some further conversation , it was agreed to postpone the report till an amendment suggested by the lord chancellor , to compel the registers of these churches and chapels to transmit duplicates of the registry to the ordinary should be prepared . The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received on Wednesday . then moved , that the house should