to and having no connection with the purport of any aid , supply , or money bill , being introduced therein , and thereby fettering their lordships ' discretion , was destructive to the rights of that house , and unparliamentary . The bill in question purported to be for the Regulation of Customs and the Fees of custom-house officers in Ireland ; and it enacted that the right of taking 6d . upon certain duties be repealed ; and then it enacted , that 3d . be paid upon the same duties ; after which it proceeded to regulate the holidays kept by persons employed in the customs . Now , he certainly must contend , that this bill tended immediately to subvert the orders of that house , and on that account he was in duty compelled to resist it ; for it became their lordships to be extremely jealous of any infringement upon their standing orders , considering that it might lead to dangerous consequences . After shewing that matter foreign to the title of the bill , as a money bill , was introduced by the other house of parliament , his lordship moved an amendment , that instead of the words 'be now read a second time , ' there be substituted 'that this bill be rejected . ' said , that what had been stated by the noble earl , respecting the Standing Order of that house , applied to bills of aid and supply . He must admit that the bill before them was a money bill ; but he conceived , that in respect to some particular bills , the order was not imperative but admonitory , and in the case under consideration , left it to the option of that house to put it in force , if their 540 lordships , after exercising their discretion , should be induced to think that such was the intention of the house of commons , at the time of passing the bill , viz . to introduce foreign matter , with a view to fetter their discretion ; but he did not perceive that the principle of that order could be justly applied in the present instance , and therefore should not vote for the rejection of the bill . thought that so far as this bill regarded duties on the customs of Ireland , it might properly be deemed a money bill . He could see no impropriety in first taking off the 6d . duty which had been formerly paid , and afterwards substituting 3d . This arose from the officers having been authorized to take half themselves , and to pay the other half to government . And when the bill was framed for the purpose of regulating their fees , it was not improper to introduce regulations concerning the holidays kept by such officers . On this account , and on the ground of these orders being sometimes rather admonitory than imperative , he should leave it to their lordships ' discretion to consider whether the bill before them was one to which the order should be applied . regarded the standing orders of very great importance . The noble baron ( Hawkesbury ) had taken considerable pains to draw all the distinctions his mind could suggest , when the standing orders of that house ought , or ought not , to be observed : for this purpose , he had gone through all the modes , and had defined at what time they were to be considered in the imperative . There could be no such distinction , for they must at all times be imperative ; and their lordships might as well have no orders , if they could be thus frittered away , by leaving it to their discretion to consider them imperative or admonitory . He had no disposition to put any obstacle in the way of the present bill , other than resisting its infringement upon the orders of that house ; for if the commons once found out a mode of sending up bills in that way which tended to a breach of