governor-general in council of Bengal , dated Nov. 25th , 1791 , to the court of directors : 'You 'will observe , in his letter dated the 8th of 'September , that Mr. Popham , a lieutenant in his majesty 's navy , has rendered ' a very important service to your settlement of the Prince of Wales 's Island , 'and to the navigation of that part of India , 'by effecting a survey of the south channel ; and ascertaining that vessels of any 'depth of water not exceeding twenty four feet , may now make their passage , 'and thus avoid a great loss of time , to 'which , previous to the survey , they were 'obliged to submit in working out of the 'harbour of Pulo Penang to the northward , when bound to the southward . 'Mr . Popham his been desired to deliver 'to us a chart of his survey upon this occasion , and we shall transmit it to you 'when we receive it , reserving a copy to 'be kept in this country . The present instance is not the first , of a liberal exertion 'made by Mr. Popham in the line of his 'profession for the service of the Company 'in India . At the request of government 'he assisted in the year 1788 in the survey 'of New Harbour and the adjacent channel ; and to the merit thus acquired , he 'has now added that arising from the performance of a service likely to prove 'highly advantageous to your commercial 'interests . Unemployed as Mr. Popham 'is under the Company , his zeal , and gratuitous direction of his professional talents 'to the advancement of the public good , 'on the two occasions we have mentioned , 'and especially the last , claimed more 'than common notice , and we have accordingly expressed to him our sense of 'the readiness he has manifested to promote the interests of your service . We 'have also directed that a piece of plate 'may be prepared , bearing an inscription 'expressive of the occasion upon which it 'is given ; and we have instructed our 'secretary to present it to him in the name 'of the governor-general in council . Permit us to request that the services per- 744 'formed by Mr. Popham may be represented in the terms they merit by your 'honourable court to the lords commissioners of the admiralty in England . ' In consequence of this recommendation I was reinstated in his majesty 's service which , but for the war of 1793 , I never should have had the honour of being . In this transaction , sir , I must therefore be considered as a private individual , and could not , in the words of the honourable gentleman 's resolution , have `` disgraced the character of a British officer . '' The papers on your table prove that I was struck off the list of lieutenants in April 1791 , I heard of it in October ; and believe the Etrusco , which was taken by admiral Robinson in Ostend road , was purchased by me in December of the same year ; and however I might have erred as a lieutenant by going to India on a mercantile speculation , I certainly had a right , when I was no longer in the service , to pursue that speculation , with every exertion I possessed , for the sake of my family . And here , sir , I can not help asking , against whom was I offending ? Was I offending against any general law of the country ? No , but against the protecting law of the monopoly of the East India Company . Did the Company prosecute me ? No ; but they rewarded me by recommending me , after my sins , to the notice of his majesty 's government . In short , sir , it was the policy of the Company at that time , if not to encourage , certainly to countenance , the trade of English capitals under foreign flags ; and