Ireland , that it was meant the catholics should be admitted to the directorship ; and , upon recurring to the act of 1793 , he found they were eligible to become members of any law body , corporate or commercial , for they were precluded from none but Trinity college , any bye-law to the contrary notwithstanding . The charter , however , ordered it otherwise ; law opinions had been taken on the subject , and the counsel on both sides differed . One was of opinion that the catholics were not precluded ; but the other thought , that as the preclusion was by a charter , and not a bye-law , the exclusion was valid . By the Irish bank act of 1781–2 , it was forbidden to any company , above the number of six , to form any bank or take a public credit , under a heavy penalty , save the bank of Ireland . But the protestants were compensated for this privation in their eligibility to become bank governors and directors , while to the catholics , thus deprived of their common law rights , no compensation whatever was given . But he should think , that if fn any purview of the act it was thought liable to such a construction , it would be the duty of the legislature to restore to the catholic his common law right , or place him on the same commercial footing in this respect with the protestants . He might be asked , why this question was not brought forward sooner ? He would answer , the bank charter was not renewed since 1791 , and consequently there was no opportunity of bringing it before parliament . There was a period in the history of this country , when a great portion of the people were known to be disaffected to the Hanoverian succession ; and it was then the wise policy of the legislature to stimulate those persons to vest their money in the public funds , in order to attach them to the welfare of the state ; and if such policy was wise in that case , was it not equally so with respect to the catholics ? He knew , from the best authority , that the great body of the bank proprietors were by no means favourable to their exclusion , any more than other liberal men . If a Roman-catholic was possessed of 50,000l . property in bank stock , was it not a case of injustice that the proprietors could not avail themselves of his talents and abilities in the 716 management of their concern ? The house had now before them no complaints against their admission ; they had not before them the petition of protestant corporations praying the continuance of the exclusion , like those which came before the Irish parliament in 1696 , from the protestant coal-porters of Dublin , complaining that one Darby Ryan , a catholic coal-dealer , employed coal-porters of his own persuasion , to the great injury of the protestant interest , and praying that he might be obliged to employ protestant porters to carry his commodities ; which petition was referred to the committee of grievances . In 1702 a petition was presented from the protestant mayor and aldermen of Limerick , complaining that papists were allowed to dwell amongst them , and follow their trades and callings , much to the injury of the protestant interest , and praying they might be banished from the city , which was accordingly done ; and in 1704 a petition was presented to the same parliament from about twenty catholics , who were suffered to reside in Limerick and Galway , praying they might be allowed to retain with them their wives and children , upon their giving security for their good behaviour ; but it was rejected . He hoped he was addressing himself to a more just and liberal parliament , and concluded by moving a resolution , `` That catholics ought to be considered eligible to become governors , deputy-governors , and directors of the bank of Ireland