loss of it , on their falling into our hands ; how a clause distinctly affecting two separate objects , can justly be construed to exonerate the one from all penalty , because its final operation upon the other is specifically provided for , is beyond my capacity to 381 discover.—Upon this authority then , he had no hesitation in asserting , that the nabob , by granting assignments on the districts mortgaged to the Company for the security of the subsidy , violated the treaty of 1792 . That the government at home were decidedly of that opinion , is evident from a letter to Madras in June 1799 , in which they observed , that his highness has distinctly acknowledged , that he is in the practice of raising money annually by assignments of the revenues of those districts which form the security for the payment of the Company 's subsidy ; as this practice is unquestionably contrary to the letter , and subversive of the spirit of that treaty , we direct , that immediately upon the receipt hereof , you adopt the necessary measures for taking possession , in the name of the Company , of the whole , or any part of the said districts , which shall appear to be so assigned.—Col . Allan then said , that if he had succeeded in shewing that the treaty of 1792 had been violated , the justice of the late arrangement in the Carnatic must be admitted . But the nabob had not only violated the treaty , by granting assignments on the mortgaged districts , but also by entering into a correspondence with Tippoo Sultan , without the knowledge and consent of the British government . It had been asserted , that an eager examination of the papers of Tippoo Sultan , was amongst the first acts of the general stall after the fall of Seringapatam . It chanced , the hon . col. said , to be his lot to be the first British officer that entered the palace of Tippoo Sultan ; he was on the general staff , and in the confidence of the commander in chief , and had opportunities of knowing what was done . Tippoo having been killed in the assault , his sons and generals , who commanded divisions of his army , as soon as they were apprised of his death , surrendered themselves to general Harris . Measures were immediately taken to secure the quiet possession of Tippoo 's dominions.—The records of the Mysore government were carefully preserved ; they were examined , and the correspondence of the nabobs of the Carnatic having been discovered , it was , of course , transmitted to the governor general . Of the nature and object of that correspondence , he admitted , that different opinions might be formed ; but we knew that , by the treaty of 1792 , the nabob was bound not to enter into any political correspondence with any native power with- 382 out the consent of the British government ; and we also knew that the nabob , in compliance with that stipulation , was in the practice of sending to the government of Madras , for their approbation , not only the drafts of the letters , which he proposed writing to Tippoo , but also the letters which he received from the sultan . Keeping this in their recollection , gentlemen would observe , that among the papers before the house , are numerous letters from the nabob to Tippoo on the most trivial occasions , merely complimentary , all submitted to the inspection of the government before they were dispatched , clearly shewing that the nabob did not consider himself at liberty to hold any correspondence whatsoever without the knowledge and consent of the British government.—What were we then to infer ? when on the occasion , perhaps on the very day on which the nabob had sent one of these complimentary letters to the government for their approbation , we found that he had also written a letter of a secret , and at least a mysterious nature ,