the last year only , these same colonies had sent us , in 1807 , 527 3,069,805 cwt . which would make the increased production amount to 1,255,615 cwt . above the average of the three years ending in 1785 . The British and Irish consumption in 1807 , was 2,656,542 cwt . ; that of the three years ending in 1785 , was 1,006,484 cwt . : increased consumption , 1,050,058 cwt.—From these facts it would appear , that the colonists had rather nicely hit the mark , and that they had not supplied much for an increased demand for export . But we had been accumulating in this country the colonial produce of all nations , admitting much of it too into the privileges of our own consumption , while at the same time the chances of war deprived us of access to the ordinary channels in which it had been and might again be consumed . Some celebrated northern critics had estimated the increased production of sugar in the whole of the West India colonies of all nations within the last 20 years ( after allowing for the defalcation of St. Domingo ) at 2,000,000 cwt . ; but , if in the same time the increased consumption of the British empire alone accounted for more than one half that quantity , could it be unreasonable to suppose , that in all the other markets of Europe , an increased consumption might be found for the remainder ? —Upon the whole , the house was called upon , under circumstances new and critical , to exert its legislative powers , in relieving an important portion of the empire , and in the protection of the whole from one of the worst of evils . The circumstances of the pressure of the war , and the temporary suspension of our trade , ought to be taken into the account . This was not a moment to put at hazard a scarcity , or excessive dearness of the necessaries of life . He should give his zealous support to the proposed measure , as one of political wisdom and of wise precaution . ( Solicitor-General of Scotland ) admited that it would be a most foolish policy to relieve one set of men at the expence of another class of the community . When he considered , however , the facts stated in the Report upon the , table , and what he knew of the state of the crop , particularly in Scotland , he thought it would be a measure of prudence to stop the distillation from grain , not merely from the beginning of July , as had been proposed by the noble lord , but if possible from the beginning of June . This opinion he had formed some months ago , altogether independent of the present situation of the West Indian planters , He 528 should therefore betray the duty he owed to the country , if he did not vote for the present measure . professed to feel as deeply as any man for the present distress of the West Indian planters , and to be most anxious that some relief should be granted them ; but he thought this relief might be much better given by a reduction of the present duties on sugar , by a relaxation of the navigation act , or by advancing them a sum of money as had been done in one instance before . He hoped , however , that in order to relieve the West Indian planters , the house would not consent to derange the whole of the existing agricultural system of the country . He could not consent to an interference which would derange the whole system of British agriculture , on the faith of which sytsem 11,000 acres had been recently brought into cultivation . This increase of culture would not be kept up if the encouragement of a fair market was not suffered to operate . The land bore a vast proportion of the public burthens , poor tax 7,000,000l . ; land tax , which , though a most wise