not rest on the opinion of those governors who went before him , but on his own immediate observation . The very arrangement now so much reprobated as injurious to the British character , was the same which lord Cornwallis had recommended before that time as necessary to be acted upon , and as beneficial to both the parties . If it should be contended , that the punishment went beyond the measure of fair security , there might be an argument as to the question of the punishment . But he would examine whether it went much beyond the treaty of 1792 . In the treaty , lord Cornwallis incorporated a condition , that the whole administration of the Carnatic should , in case of war , be taken into the hands of the British . The whole military and civil power of the state was to 933 be in our hands . At length , when the treason between father and son came to light , did lord Wellesley push the right he possessed to an extent that could be called severity ? The only difference was , that he did that in time of peace which by treaty he was entitled to do in time of war . The defective stipulations of the treaty perfectly justified them in their departing from it . The next question was , whether it could be considered as harsh to extend the severity exercised towards the father to the sons of the nabob . The learned gentleman who argued so much on criminal law , knew very well that in cases of treason , under which principle this question must be decided , the innocent must be involved in the consequences of the guilt of others . When the house of Stuart was driven from the throne of this country , the whole of the descendants were excluded also . It can not be supposed , that such descendants would hold different sentiments from their ancestors . Was it to be supposed , that the son of Mahomed Ally would not entertain the same hostility against us which his father had done ? and could lord Wellesley suffer him , consistently with the British interests in India , to remain on the throne from which his father had been removed ? He might have had a disposition favourable to the British , but he was surrounded by a tribe of harpies , who had claims and expectations upon him ; who altered his disposition , and persuaded him to think that justice would be done him in England . How was it possible , under such circumstances , to expect friendly sentiments from a person so beset , and with interested defendants , so perverted in his station ? He was sure , that if the right hon . gent , had a just view of this question , nothing would have induced him to let it sleep for the space of four years . After the practical decision of parliament was twice had on this subject , he greatly lamented it was again brought forward . It had the effect of lowering the character of the country and of the parliament , in the eyes of foreign countries ; because foreigners were repeatedly told the British government were giving sanction to those principles that characterized the conduct of the ruler of France . It would be a fatal moral to hold out to the world , and was besides a gross injustice , to attempt to run down the character of such men as lord Wellesley , after they had performed a most difficult public duty , in high situ- 934 ations , without giving them an opportunity of vindicating themselves ; and thus to represent the British governors as having committed , and the government as giving sanction to , enormities similar to those practised by our enemies . For a considerable time , the attention of parliament had been occupied in hearing charges of this kind , accompanied with strong allegations , which it was difficult to refute . Fortunately , however , lord Wellesley had now completely