were given up : the notice of the third reading was dropped , nor would it have met its fate with the peers , had not the chancellor of the exchequer himself thought proper to send it there , and for that purpose , by moving the third reading . I wish to express no opinion upon the conduct of the right hon . gent . but merely to stand acquitted with the house of having sought the difficulty I am placed in . With respect to the present motion , it is to be viewed in two points , as relating to the house , and to myself . For myself , I must object to it , nor could it be considered but as an act of folly , or hypocrisy on my part to give up what has been established as a right by the repeated votes of this house , for the purpose of bringing in a bill which every one knows must defeat the object it professes . The question , as relating to the house , is of too much consequence to calculate the interest of the individual , and I beg that it may not stand a moment in the way ; the only favour I ask of the right hon . gent . is , that he will be satisfied in withdrawing the arrears , if it should be the pleasure of the house , and at least spare me the unnecessary trouble and mortification which the proposed bill must involve . Could I anticipate a fair consideration of the question , so far from avoiding , no one would more anxiously court the discussion than myself . I would submit it to the common sense of any individual in the kingdom who could only read 1018 the evidence , much rather to the most enlightened minds if allowed ah impartial judgment . But , without meaning any disrespect to the noble lords , I feel it to be impossible ; and that , were I in the same situation , either wholly ignorant , or but partially informed on the subject , with irresistible prejudices in favour of one party , and those which had been raised against the other—The hon . gent . being here interrupted by the Speaker , who stated , that it was contrary to order to allude to any discussion that had passed in the lords , concluded with saying , that he would no longer detain the house than to repeat his wish that , in the event of the arrears being withdrawn , he might not be compelled to bring in a second bill which must inevitably meet the reception of the first . —Though I can not , sir , forbear to give my testimony of approbation , in common , I am persuaded , with that of every other gentleman , to the manner in which the hon . member who has just sat down has argued and conducted this business in every part of its progress , and not less so upon the present than on every preceding occasion , yet I must contend that his endeavours ought now to be considered as wholly superfluous , so far as relate either to the merits of the case , or to any interest merely his own ; and that the house , having come to a formal adjudication upon the subject , has nothing now to consider but the propriety or impropriety of defending its own decision . It is not a question at the present moment whether what the house decided was right , but whether having so decided , it can , as at present circumstanced , alter its decision . All that the right hon . gent . therefore has been labouring with so much effort , is nothing to the purpose . He has been ransacking the Journals , diving into the depths of parliamentary lore , wasting his time and his pains , and wearing out the eyes of his case-hunter , only to tell us , what nobody ever disputed , that parliament has on different