who had served there , to say , that so far from Alexandria having been in want of provisions , rice and corn were allowed to be exported to the Greek Islands in the months of June , July and August , up to the period of the evacuation . And this exportation was allowed , after reserving one year 's rice , and six months wheat for the inhabitants , as well as six months provisions for the army . Besides , with the great naval force we had along the coast of Egypt , we might have supplied Alexandria from the Greek Islands , even though all supply from the interior was cut off . If any blame was imputable , it was to the present ministers who had given up Alexandria , at a time when they were endeavouring to open a negociation with the Porte , in which the evacuation of that city might have been looked upon as a concession to influence the Porte in our favour , and withdraw that power from the influence of France . It might be said , perhaps , that the city had been evacuated , in order to set free that portion of our military force which formed its garrison , and if they had been employed in any profitable operation since , that might be a justification . But they arrived at Syracuse from Alexandria ; on the 25th of Nov. at Gibraltar ; and on the 28th of Dec. in England , where they found that eight days before 10,000 troops had left England to look at Ceuta ; he wished it had been to look into it . The right hon . gent , then briefly recapitulated the points which he had endeavoured to establish , and concluded by asserting , that , upon a review of all the measures to which the papers on the table referred , there was not one act which he would not again resort to under the same circumstances . had listened with great attention to the statement which the right hon . gent , had made in defence of himself and his colleagues , and could not help being surprised at the manner in which he had kept to the declaration which he had made at the outset , that he would discard from his mind every idea of justification by recrimination . The right hon . gent , had very properly , in his division of 483 the question , considered it in a political and military view , the former of which he had defended by the example of the predecessors of the late ministers , and the latter he had vindicated by a comparison with the measures of their successors . He did not , however , mean to impute any blame to the right hon . gent , for having departed from the declaration with which he had set out . The right hon . gent , was , undoubtedly , warranted in his wish to hear the opinion of some of his majesty 's ministers upon this subject . The right hon . gent , had justified his own and his colleagues ' conduct towards the Porte upon subsisting treaties , and particularly that of the triple alliance , and upon these he grounded the right of interference by an armed mediation . If any gentleman would but look into the treaty itself , he would perceive that the argument of the right hon . gent , could not be sustained . The triple alliance treaty had been concluded in 1793 , and had reference to the situation and existing circumstances of the contracting parties , all equally at war with France at that period . The treaty had in it a stipulation , limiting its operation to eight years , after which it was to undergo a revision , and such alteration as the respective circumstances of the different countries might then render necessary ; and that the treaty had been understood , even in this country , to have reference to the existing situation of the contracting parties , he believed