, borrowed from another , and stripped a third , till we had augmented our territory , and increased the number of our subjects by 20 millions , but our debt had increased 20 millions during the same time , and for seven millions of annual acquired revenue , we had involved ourselves in 16 millions annual expence . We had made every man in India our enemy , and if an adverse army found its way to the East , such was our situation there , he was afraid our dominion would be overthrown . To whom could we apply ? Not to the Mahrattas , or any of the native powers who maintained their independence . We might truly say , `` Timeo Danaos , et dona fercntes . '—After we had made them as miserable as we could ; after we had dethroned their princes , expatriated their nobles , hanged their chiefs at the doors of their castles ; and when we had no further evil in our power , we turned to attack their institutions and prejudices . Those venerable errors , which , if we believed Pliny and others , subsisted 2,000 years ago , could not be suffered to remain ; and the conquerors of Seringapatam and Laswarry were found to be dangerous from the cut of their whiskers , or the dangling of their ear-rings . He knew not how it would be received by the country , that such a weighty and important enquiry as this , involving all that was dear or desirable to Britons , had been met by previous questions instead of broad and ample discussion . He sincerely wished ministers had delivered their opinions , and not thrown their broad shield over such a subject . The people would not suffer it to be done , and he was sure , whatever the majority might be within doors , there would be a very great majority in the country in favour of his opinion . As for the personal motives , he never imputed any to the noble marquis . He did not suppose that even avarice would have tempted him to such a course . But there was an avarice of ambition as well as of wealth , and the conduct of an individual , pursuing what he conceived to be for the glory of his country , might be as dangerous and unjust as if he was actuated by worse motives . Did gentlemen know the state of the press in India ? No one could know what was doing at his own door , without the permission of government , If , therefore , the state of Indian affairs ; could not be made known in India , let 944 them see that it could be openly declared in England . Let the people of that country see the freedom and impartiality of a British parliament , and let us not turn them away from our doors disappointed . He called on the house to pause before it came to a vote , and consider well the greatness of the stake depending on their determination . He expressed his regret that , possessing neither the weight of ministers nor of the opposite party , nor , more than all , of talents , he had been so weak an advocate in the cause . He had not , however , come unprepared before them , but had made these matters the subject of his most unremitting study , and cams forward actuated by a strong sense of justice , and an ardent desire to procure atonement to suffering India . then rose , and said , that after what had passed on this and former discussions , it was unnecessary for him to introduce the Resolution which he was now-going to move , with any preface ; he should content himself simply with moving the following Resolution : Resolved , `` That it is the opinion of this house , that the marquis Wellesley and the earl Powis , in their conduct relative to the Carnatic , appear to have been influenced solely by