the year 1799 , the question had been decided against Mr. Palmer , by a majority of 112 to 28 ; but now , without any additional evidence on the subject , the house were called upon to do that , which would shake their honour and character more than any thing within his recollection . said , that major Palmer 's powers of persuasion had , on a former evening , made him a proselyte ; but that , on a better understanding of the case , he now came prepared to make his retrac- 294 tion . The situation which Mr. Palmer held was granted to him not only for services done , but to encourage him in future . If he was now entitled to the 2½ per cent . he was therefore entitled to the 1500l . a-year also , and to the place itself . Having accepted of that place , he could not have no other document of his agreement but it , and by it he must be bound . He therefore opposed the Resolution . complained that very few questions had been put to him by the Committee , though it was in his power to throw considerable light upon the subject ; and contended that the percentage on the Revenue of the Post Office was granted to Mr. Palmer only during his continuance in office . —After the very ample investigation which this subject underwent upon a former evening , and the decided sentiment which the house by a very large majority then expressed upon its merits , I little expected to find the discussion revived upon the present occasion with an increase of acrimony , yet without any addition of argument.—I can assure the House that unlike the hon . member behind me ( Mr. Stuart Wortley ) I rise not to avow myself a proselyte to any argument I have heard either within or without doors , or to express my repentance for having given a vote on a preceding night , in favour of the just claims of a meritorious individual , which the house in its justice , and to its eternal honour , has recognized.—Sir , I was much surprised to hear the hon . gentleman state , that Mr. Palmer 's powers of persuasion had made him a proselyte , but that on a better understanding of the case , he came prepared to make his retraction.—Sir , I shrewdly suspect that the authors of the hon . gent . 's proselytism are not far off , and that their arguments , too often irresistibly persuasive , have made him a proselyte from the truth and justice of the case ; but I care little by what cause this effect has been produced , sure I am , it will not be general amongst those who come to discharge their duty without respect of persons , and of such I am satisfied the maj6rity on a former night were composed . Sir , I must confess I did not expect to hear myself , in common with two thirds of the house , stigmatized with gross ignorance and mistake in the discharge of my public duty , and formally put upon my defence , for a vote which I had given conscientiously and according to the best dictates of my judgment . The 295 hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) who has chosen to make this unexpected and extraordinary attack upon either the understanding or the integrity of 137 members , not being able to satisfy the house by argument of the justice or opposing this Claim , turns round upon the members of the Committee who made the Report , and is determined to wreak his vengeance , and exhaust his ill temper , on them and their labours . Sir , I had the misfortune ( in his opinion , but the honour , in my own ) to be a member of that Committee , and I will venture to advance in extenuation of its alledged offences , that it was a committee unusually numerous and well attended ; composed