and beneficial tax , was extremely heavy ; and the whole weight of the militia . The price of barley , he contended , had risen in consequence of the discussion of the measure , because , ever since it was projected , the distillers had been buying up all the barley they could find at any price , for the purpose of increasing their stock of spirits . He , therefore , hoped that the measure would be dropped . said , he was ready to do justice to the motives of the noble lord ( Binning ) who brought forward the proposed measure of prohibiting the grain distillery , and to the motives of the chancellor of the exchequer also , who appeared determined to give it his most strenuous support ; but that he differed from them so widely in opinion upon the subject , that instead of viewing it as a measure of sound policy , or as a wise expedient for a special purpose , he considered it in every point of view most injudicious , and likely to be productive of incalculable mischief . It appeared to him extraordinary , after the division of the other night , when the question was carried by a majority of only 14 , that his majesty 's ministers should think it adviseable to persist in pressing the subject further upon the consideration of the house . It was not usual for ministers to do so upon such a division , and it was still more extraordinary upon such 529 a measure as that they were then discussing ; nothing could be more dangerous than first to raise an alarm of scarcity , and then render it matter of frequent and reiterated debate in that house . It was the certain method to induce , or at least encrease the difficulties intended to be remedied , and it was impossible to avoid repeated discussion , if the measure should be unwisely persisted in . Those who opposed it , did so upon the fullest conviction of the evils that would arise from it , and of the necessity of withstanding the establishment of so dangerous a precedent . They thought it necessary to resist such an interference with the agriculture of the country by every means in their power , and would certainly oppose the bill in all its stages through the house.—Mr . Western said , be should not , at that time , at all consider the question as it affected the West Indies ; but confine himself to the ground upon which it was principally defended , namely , as a precautionary measure against scarcity ; and in that point of view he contended there not only existed no cause whatever that required its adoption , but every peculiar circumstance of the present times afforded obvious reasons against having recourse to such an expedient . The situation of Europe and the probable consequent loss of the supply of corn which we had been accustomed to receive from foreign countries , was the ostensible reason urged in justification of this measure . So far from considering it in that light , he thought the situation of Europe afforded every motive to induce the legislature to abstain from such an interference with the agriculture of the country . If the continent of Europe and all the ports from whence we had been accustomed to import corn were in the hands of the enemy , it was evident that in future , we could rely upon our own resources alone . It was not merely in the present moment , when in truth by extraordinary good fortune we did not stand in need of foreign aid , but in future years when we had experienced defective crops , that we might have to struggle with all the difficulties of scarcity and famine , that we might with reason dread the loss of the foreign supply . Was it wise , then , at such a time as the present , and in such a situation of Europe and the world , to do that which must discourage the