charged upon the late government in sending out a force , that was not imputable to the councils of his majesty 's ministers . On the 9th of Nov. they received the information which led them to send out that naval force , and on the 22d of that month six sail of the line were completely equipped for the reinforcement of lord Collingwood 's fleet , though , unfortunately , from the state of the weather , they could not sail for six weeks . As to the employment of troops , the question was , whether any could have been sent out in time to accomplish the objact in view , namely to attack the castles at the Dardanelles , before they should be able to place themselves in a state of defence . Mr. Arbuthnot represented the works as in a state of progressive and daily improvement on the whole line of the Bosphorus ; and as the application for troops should come through lord Collingwood off Cadiz to this country , it would 481 have been the middle of April before the troops could have arrived at their destination , when the works would have been completely secured against attack . No naval man with whom he had consulted , either before , or pending , or since the expedition , was of opiuion that any troops were necessary for passing the Dardanelles . It was a desperate service to attack a battery , but the bravery of British seamen made them despise the danger of passing batteries . But when gentlemen talked of troops , did they mean that an army of 60,000 men , or only a detachment of 4 or 5000 , should have been employed on the occasion ? The former could not be spared , and it would have been imprudent and unavailing to risk the latter in an operation within fifty miles of Constantinople , where 200,000 , not men , but soldiers , were collected to march against the Russians.—He came , then , to the Resolution respecting the expedition to Alexandria , and if he had not heard the manner in which the hon . gent , had brought that forward as a matter of charge against the late government , he should have supposed that his object was to found upon it a censure of the present ministers . There were upon the table the instructions sent out by lord Howick to general Fox , directing that he should not give orders for the embarkation of the troops till the actual commencement of hostilities with the Porte ; and sir John Duckworth was instructed to dispatch immediately upon that event taking place , a fast sailing vessel with the intelligence to general Fox , in order that he should , upon receiving it , make the necessary arrangements for the embarkation of the troops . The object of this Expedition was the capture of Alexandria , and not the conquest of Egypt . It was intended to secure Alexandria , and consequently Egypt from falling again , into the hands of the French , and to afford protection and encouragement to any party there might be in the country , favourably disposed to the British interests . The capture of Alexandria was , therefore , an act of effectual warfare . But , was it meant to be said or implied , that because the Expedition against Rosetta had been unfortunate , that was to be charged upon the planners of the Expedition which had been successful ? He did not mean to go more minutely into this case than was absolutely necessary , and he should regulate what he had to say upon it with all the delicacy that was due to the officers 482 of the army . He must however say , that the keeping of Alexandria , or the final evacuation of that city , was not affected by the difficulty of procuring provisions , without the possession of Rosetta . He had no official documents upon this question , but he had the authority of the most respectable naval and military men