yesterday , relative to the alteration in the grant to Maynooth College . , for the reasons he had before assigned , defended the alteration . condemned the alteration in the grant . termed it a narrow-minded , parsimonious saving ; and was sorry to find , that after ministers had expressed their wishes that all terms of asperity against the Catholics should be avoided , as well as every thing that might tend to irritation among them , they should have coupled two such transactions , as the sending back to Ireland , loaded with honours , a man , who had in a most illiberal manner always shewn himself a bitter enemy of the Catholics , and this paltry saving of 3,500l . previously granted them for the better educating , at home , priests to superintend the religion of the great mass of the people ; which , taken together , could not fail , in his opinion , to cause the greatest irritation.—The Bill was then read a third time . rose , and shortly observed , that the object of his motion was , for the purpose of bringing regularly before the discussion of the house in the course of the next session , a matter which he conceived to be of the first importance , and 1116 which had already been discussed incidentally . He concluded , by moving , `` That there be laid before the house , early in the next session of parliament , Regimental Returns of all Corporal Punishments sentenced and inflicted during the last ten years , ending on the 1st of Jan. 1808 , in every regiment of Regulars , Militia , Garrisons , and Artillery ; specifying the causes , the sentence , and the number of lashes given at one or more periods . '' rose to give the , motion his decided negative , and he trusted that the house would coincide with him in the vote he should give . He would not enter into much argument upon the subject , as the lion , baronet had not prefaced his motion with many observations ; but he would appeal to the house and to the hon . baronet himself , whether any good consequences were likely to result from such a motion , at this particular time ? For his part , he was convinced , that it could produce no good , and might produce great evil . On this ground , he would have opposed the motion , even if the return moved for had been a simple paper , which was already in the hands of all the members . Although he had already given his opinion on the subject when it was discussed incidentally , yet he should now repeat , that there was nothing which history made more evident than that a body of men subjected to military discipline , and governed by a particular law , were much more to be depended on in the field than those who were not so disciplined . If this , then , were to be considered as a general truth , he saw no reason why , at the present moment , and with such an enemy as we have now to contend with , that the discipline which had so long subsisted in the British army should now be shaken . It appeared to him that great evil might be produced from this question being agitated among the common soldiers . He was perfectly aware of the competence of the house to discuss this or any other subject which should be brought before them relative to the army , as it was competent to them to address his majesty on all such subjects ; but , at the same time , it would be for the discretion of the house , and also for the discretion of the individual member who brought forward such motions , to consider whether they could be productive of any good , and whether , on the other hand , they were not likely to produce much mischief.—No member rising to speak , rose ,