they were connected with the principle of the bill . He confessed he was somewhat at a loss whether to look for the principle in the enacting part , or the preamble , because they seemed to be at variance with each other , or at least not co-extensive . The preamble laid down very general abstract positions , which far exceeded the object of the bill , and went to condemn a very large proportion of our criminal laws . Now , in his opinion ( without stopping to discuss the truth of the positions ) , nothing could be more objectionable than to pronounce by statute such a parliamentary condemnation of a great part of our criminal laws , and yet to leave those very laws in full force . To him , consequently , it appeared indispensable to expunge the preamble altogether , and introduce another suited to the limited object of the bill . The principle , as it was to be collected from the enacting part , was to abolish the capital punishment , and to reduce the offence as well as the punishment , down to the standard of simple larceny . Now so far as it took away the punishment of death , he was inclined to approve it ; because sentences of death often pronounced in cases where they were scarcely ever fit to be executed , tended much to diminish their effect : but he could by no 878 means accede to the propriety of leaving the offence punishable with no greater severity than simple larceny . His learned friend was reported to have introduced the bill with pretty severe comments on the statute of Elizabeth intended to be repealed ; and any proposition of his was sure to come recommended by so much eloquence as to render it a difficult matter to consider it immediately with an unbiassed mind : yet upon reference to the statute , it would be found to contain a statement of facts verified by an experience of two centuries and a half , and equally applicable to the present time . It states that the offenders then called cut-purses were very numerous , confederated into fraternities of an art or mystery to live idly by secret spoil , even to the impoverishment of many , frequenting for that purpose places of public resort , such as places of divine worship , the court , courts of justice , fairs , markets , and places of execution , and being habited in such a garb as to elude suspicion . To this enumeration of places , the bank of England , and the approach to bankers ' shops , might now be added : in every other respect the description suited the present time . He was well informed by magistrates of experience that the number at present exceeded hundreds , some thought to the amount of several ; that many underwent a regular training to the art ; that they plundered to such an amount , and were so far confederated , that large sums were never wanting for the purpose of procuring the ablest assistance upon their trials , or of buying off prosecutors or witnesses ; upon the whole , next to nightly housebreakers , no class of offenders were so pernicious . It was also observable that the circumstances described in this statute had always been deemed aggravations of the offence of simple larceny , and therefore deserving of an aggravated degree of punishment . Such were the number of offenders , and the extent of the depredations , that they were perpetrated with an art which denoted education , by gangs which were dangerous , and in a manner to elude all ordinary care and vigilance . That these practices prevailed to an alarming extent , and would not be repressed without severer punishment than transportation for seven years ( the highest punishment for simple larceny ) , he could unfortunately testify from his own experience , in the county palatine of Chester . What had there happened within these few years , he 879 was sure must strike the benevolent