for . In such case the evils ought not to be visited on the beneficed clergy , but should be attributed to that glut of the commodity which the reverend prelates themselves occasioned . He also opposed the bill as laying a great weight on the possessor of a small living , at the same time that it affected the rector , with 2000l . a-year , in a very trifling manner . pursuant to a notice which he gave yesterday , rose to submit a motion to their lordships , which was suggested to him by some observations that had been made during the discussion of this question . It was agreed , and seemed to be wished on all hands , that something should be done towards improving the condition of the inferior clergy . It had all along been his opinion , that the house was proceeding to legislate on a matter respecting which they had nothing like adequate information before them . This want of due information he felt very anxious to supply ; and the object of his present motion was , to endeavour to ascertain the number of livings which were under 150l . per annum . The noble lord then went into a variety of ; calculations , grounded on former accounts laid before the house , to shew what were the number of these livings ; how many of ; them did not exceed 30l . ; how great would be the amount of the sum necessary to bring these small livings up to 150l . per annum ; and how long the period of time , under the present circumstances , necessary for the attainment of that object . It was also an object with him to ascertain how many livings were assisted by queen Anne 's bounty . With a view to get at this object ( an act of parliament he did not think necessary to accomplish it ) , he should content himself now with moving an humble address to his majesty , praying he would be graciously pleased to direct that there be laid before that house an account of the number of livings under 150l . per annum . expressed his thanks to the noble baron for the pains he had taken on this subject , and his readiness to co-operate with him in the prosecution of his object . also gave his hearty concurrence to the motion , and declared that no man could be more anxious than he was to see the condition of the inferior clergy improved . It was not only the comfort of those respectable persons he had in view , but the improvement of the morals of the commonalty , which improvement was intimately connected with the ease and comfort of the clergy . Perhaps , 1094 in addition to the information moved for by the noble baron , it might also be expedient to have before the house an account of the accumulation of the funds , known by the name of queen Anne 's bounty . approved of the motion , and assured his noble friend that every thing should be done by him to give effect to his laudable intentions and endeavours.—The question was then put and agreed to . After which the order of the day was read for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the bill , when rose to move an instruction to the committee . In his opinion , whatever came under the description of the object which the bill had in view , might be embraced by it . Its object was to afford relief to resident curates , where that relief was justly required , and where , it might be easily procured . His wish now was to extend that relief to curates appointed by lay impropriators , and his lordship concluded with moving an instruction to the committee to that effect . was sorry he could not assent to the proposition of his noble friend . That proposition broached an entirely new principle , which was not connected with the present bill . It should therefore