trade was already sufficiently great , without striking a general blow at an extensive branch of the agriculture of the country . He should give his determined opposition to the measure . spoke to the same effect . as a member of a barley county , found it impossible to allow the measure to be announced , without announcing at the same time his determined opposition to it . He could not help ascribing the design to party motives : a rumour had reached his ears , that the members for Norfolk , Suffolk , and Essex were excluded from the committee in its formation , because they were barley counties . could not suffer misconceptions , such as those expressed by the hon . members who had spoken before him , to go abroad , and operate uncontradicted during the recess . Though he was a merchant , he felt the importance of agriculture as much as any man , and knew that the principal dependence of the country was upon it . It would be found , when the Report should come to be examined , that the committee had looked not only to the interests of the West Indies , but also more particularly to those of the country at home , taking into consideration the present state of its foreign relations , which proba- * See Appendix , p. lxxxi . 57 bly would occasion a total stoppage , for a considerable time , of the usual supplies of grain from abroad . Under these circumstances , the committee had thought it wise to recommend the suspension , for a time , of the use of grain in distillation , and not , as was supposed by some , a permanent substitution of sugar and molasses . On a general view of the state of the country and of the continent , it appeared wise to adopt this measure , as a timely precaution against a scarcity . It was a satisfaction , that in adopting this measure of precaution , an important article of British produce and property might be brought in to supply the other demands of the public , and that a relief could be thus afforded to a deserving class of the community , and new vigour imparted to a principal branch of the revenue . He did not think the proposed measure would cause a fall of 6d . a quarter on barley ; if he did , he would not vote for it . But if such a fall should unexpectedly be the consequence , the report contained a recommendation to the privy council to take measures immediately to return to the use of grain . Such was the nature of the report which had excited so much alarm , and which had met with such unusual opposition , before its nature was communicated or understood . thought the discussion premature till the report should be printed and in the hands of members a sufficient time for consideration . He did not conceive that the right hon . gent . on whose motion the committee was formed , had passed over the members for Norfolk , Suffolk , and Essex , because these were corn counties . He himself had voted in favour of the recommendation to prohibit the use of corn in distillation , but he by no means would have done so , if he could have thought the prohibition likely to prove injurious to the landed interest . thought it must be a most extravagant degree of alarm that could suggest to one member that the barley fields would lie uncultivated , and to another that the representation of the people , and composition of the house of commons , would be deteriorated by affording the relief which West India produce required , which could be afforded without injury , and to which persons interested in the West India colonies were well entitled . The committee had been formed as fairly as possible , by including a just proportion of every interest concerned . He hoped the landed interest would take up this 58 matter fairly and