the other , that which , had been adopted in this country , assigned capital punishments to a variety of crimes , but inflicted it upon only a few persons of each class by way of example . He had no hesitation in confessing that he agreed in opinion with the excellent author to whom he had alluded , but he should not be so averse to the bill itself were it not for the declaration in the preamble . He hoped , however , that at all events it would be postponed till another session . agreed that the criminal law of the land ought not rashly to be altered . But he contended that the law had not answered the great purpose of preventing crimes , and that its failure ought to be ascribed to its severity , which in many instances prevented persons from prosecuting those guilty of smaller offences . How far it might be proper to modify the severity of the punishment , was another question not now before the house , and which would furnish matter of discussion in the committee . thought that there was at least so much good in the bill as to sanction the going into a committee 881 upon it , for the purpose of seeing whether it was possible to find a remedy for an evil of very great magnitude , or not . He did not mean , however , to pledge himself finally to give it his support , because he was not sure whether it would be possible for the committee to remove his objections to it . confessed that the house ought not rashly to alter the criminal law of the country . The law , however , which it was now proposed to change , had never been executed in the recollection of any person now living . The consequence of this was , that its effect was lessened , because the probability of escape was great . He was of opinion , that it might be expedient to leave a discretionary power to the judges , of transporting for life persons guilty of the offences to which the bill applied ; indeed , he thought , that transportation for life was generally preferable to transportation for a limited time ; because when the culprits returned , being wholly without character or protection , they were in most cases compelled to revert to their former habits . agreed with those who were of opinion , that the house ought to go into a committee on the bill ; because there was nothing in the bill which ought not to be the great object of all criminal law , namely , suiting the punishment to the crime . contended , that the law could never provide satisfactorily for the great variety of cases , in which it would be to be decided by circumstances , whether the offence should or should not be punished with severity . It was only by the discretion of the judge that cases of this kind could be properly regulated , and therefore he disapproved of the principle of the bill . thought that the less discretion was left in the administration of criminal justice , the better ; and agreed with a learned author , who had said , that it was better to have law without equity , than equity without law . He should certainly vote for going into a committee on the bill . did hope that this bill would pass in the present session . He thought the preamble of the bill ought to be retained . It contained the reasons on which he brought in the bill , and on which he hoped it would pass . But if gentlemen thought differently from him , he would give up the preamble , and be 882 content to substitute the common preamble , 'Whereas it is expedient . ' The present extreme rigour of the law shocked the humanity of prosecutors , of juries , of judges , and led them to compromise the law and the offence , rather than go to the