, must be imputed solely to a feeling of political animosity . On that occasion , he had disapproved of the motion brought forward by his right hon . friend . In that feeling of disapprobation he had it in his power to plead the authority of the chancellor of the exchequer , though neither of the principal secretaries of state in that house had thought the agitation of the subject at that time would have been attended with any improper consequences . , in explanation , denied 1144 that he had put any unfounded construction upon the sentiments of the hon . gent , as expressed on this subject upon a former evening . In any observations that might have fallen from him , he was far from being influenced by any motive of political animosity . confessed that the sentiments he felt on this great subject were very similar to those of the hon . gent . opposite . He could not avoid expressing his concern that no communication had been made to parliament , in order that a proper opportunity might have been afforded of giving a sort of authoritative publicity to the unanimous feeling of the nation , that all that England could do for Spain and her cause , should be done with equal zeal , promptitude , and disinterestedness ; and to shew to Spain , and to the world , our generous sympathy in her sufferings , our anxious interest in her struggles , and our hearty and undivided wishes for her complete success . And he was at the same time particularly anxious that Spain should be satisfied , that whatever means we should resort to , to second her efforts , were not the result of any narrow self-consulting policy , any cold and interested speculation , but that they were the spontaneous effusions of British sympathy in the cause of that freedom and independence Britons valued beyond their lives ; the cause of Spain was the cause of all those who , from enjoying , knew how to value liberty . But he was particularly anxious that the Spaniards should not be furnished with the slightest pretence to believe , that because of the state of hostility which had but recently terminated between the two countries , there still lurked in the breasts of Englishmen any hostile disposition towards that country ; and above all , it was desirable that the Spaniards should have good reason to confide in our assistance , and not distrust the manner of it , or question the motives that occasioned it ; every possible means should be resorted to , to convince them that , at such a crisis , we were not base enough to avail ourselves of their difficulty and danger , in order ultimately to render their noble efforts subservient to our own interests ; and he could not but confess , that he thought an unanimous vote of that house to that effect would have materially contributed to the confirmation of such a disavowal on our part . But there was some consolation in reflecting that , though this vote had not been called for , the feeling 1145 in favour of Spain was so unanimous , zealous , and decisive , that it was next to an impossibility that it could be mistaken ; it was so notorious , that every Briton joined in enthusiastic prayers to the great Ruler of events , to bless with its merited success the struggle of a gallant people in behalf of every thing dear to the christian , the citizen , and the man ; and , indeed , the notoriety itself had been so extensive , as perhaps to supersede the necessity of any formal annunciation on the part of that house upon a subject concerning which the population of the empire entertained but one sentiment , great 1146 and generous as the glorious cause that gave it birth . The deputy usher of the black rod then summoned the house to the house of peers . The Speaker and all the members present attended forthwith . On their return ,