then passed through the committee . rose to make his promised motion relative to the Droits of Admiralty . He observed , that he was not in the habit of troubling their lordships in regard to any subject which he might think proper to present to their attention . Previous to the present , he had taken several opportunities of making inquiries relative to the appropriation of the Droits of Admiralty , the amount of which now in the hands of the crown was certainly greater than it had been at any former period . It was highly important , that the people of this country should know what was likely to become of the property now vested in the crown , 913 and accruing from the seizure of the Danish property . Count Stahremberg , before his departure , had said , that unless the Danish property was restored , he had authority from his court to say that no peace on the part of Europe could possibly take place with this country . No reflection could be more melancholy than the event of this transaction ; it had disgraced the English character in the eyes of the continent ; and when he recollected the conduct of Great Britain , in respect to the seizure of the Spanish frigates , it impressed upon his mind how much more beneficial it might have been for the success of our warfare with France , and our situation in respect to the Spanish fleet at Cadiz , if our behaviour at that time had been more honourable . Before that period , the name of an Englishman was a passport through every province of that kingdom , but afterwards our character sunk , and became almost despised . Indeed , if the crown , without any inquiry en the part of the public , was permitted to devote this money , particularly such an enormous sum , to its own purposes , he conceived it possible for an administration to commence and protract a war for the object of plunder which might be gained from the enemy in this way . On this ground the public anxiety was justly raised , and they had a right to consider this question of the greatest importance . In the present reign we might have nothing to apprehend , but still it was extraordinary , that no answer had been returned to the frequent inquiries made respecting the appropriation of this money . During the reign of that unprincipled monarch , Charles II . whose being pensioned by the French king , justly entitled him to be called an unprincipled monarch , such sums of money might have been disposed of in the most unconstitutional manner . The American war produced to the crown a vast accession of this property , but he believed only a certain portion was applied to its own use . Perhaps the answer returned by the noble secretary opposite would be , that the amount of the property taken from the Danes was not yet ascertained , but he thought the amount must have been known , by its having been estimated at a million and a half . However , the public anxiety had been a sufficient ground for his troubling the house upon this occasion , and therefore he should move , `` That certain papers , relative to the amount of the property taken 914 from the Danes , should be laid upon the table . '' observed , that whatever information the noble earl might have received about the amount , it could only proceed from speculation , no returns having yet been made , as the sales of the property had not been effected . But whenever the returns could be made , and they came regularly before the house , he would then give his opinion on the subject . thought the question of the greatest importance ; the more peculiarly so , since the practice had prevailed for these forty years past , of seizing upon foreign property before the declaration of hostilities . The Droits of Admiralty had increased to an enormous