he was ignorant of the illegality of the trade in which he was engage , that he was not aware that he was violating any of the laws of his country , but that on the contrary he believed the traffic to be innocent and legal ; I will undertake to prove , if indeed the house is not convinced already , by documents upon the table , that he knew , past all possibility of doubt , that all his proceedings were contrary to law . I will say nothing of his procuring ship 's papers which were all false and fictitious , of the bill of sale of the ship being made out in the names of other persons , as stated in his affidavit , for greater caution ; of the bill of lading being signed by Giorgi as captain and owner of the ship : I will pass by these collateral proofs , though pretty convincing , and request the attention of the house to some of the letters contained in the documents , and found in the possession of the hon . capt . In letters bearing date , and in the common course of things received antecedent , to the last voyage , the fact will clearly appear . Mr. Wm . Popham writes , in a letter addressed to sir Home , 'Your ship will be particularly marked ; ' again , 'No insurance can be made . ' 'The renewal of your time must not be for India , as they will require a certificate from the India house , that you have their permission to proceed thither ; you may make it for Africa , or the West Indies and America . Another letter informs him , That the laws of this country are very full for the support of the India Company against British subjects adventuring to that quarter . There are several other passages of the same nature ; but Mr. Pendergast speaks in very plain language . He says , Do not be offended at my proposing illicit commerce to you . ' Thus , sir , the house will perceive that the hon . capt . was forewarned of the illegality of the trade , of which illegal conduct he was afterwards proved guilty in a court of justice , and yet he has the effrontery in his memorial to declare , that he believed it to be innocent and legal . Am I not justified then in saying that this was a gross imposition upon the lords of the treasury ? There are other parts of this memorial deserving observation , as that the freight , amounting to 27,000l . ( though the ship only cost 20,000l . ) might have been received at Canton , though there is an express clause in the agreement , that it should not be paid till after the sale of the cargo in Europe ; but I think I have said enough to convince 731 the house that there was nothing in this I memorial to justify the grant.—I must now advert to the extreme hardship of admiral Robinson 's case , who was the captor of this ship , which was detained and prosecuted under the directions and by the advice of the ablest counsellors in the profession . Admiral Robinson has not yet received his expences , though his share has been restored to the neutral claimant , Mr . Constant ; and sir Home Popham has already received 18,000l . It is not my intention to find any fault with the judicial decision ; indeed it would be great presumption were I to do so ; but there is a circumstance which considerably aggravates the hardship of this case . Since the commencement of the war in 1793 there were two instances in which vessels employed in this trade were proceeded against in the court of Admiralty , the Eliza and the Enterprize , and they were both condemned to the captors , who consequently received the whole benefit of the proceeds of the ship and cargo . Admiral Robinson had therefore two recent precedents in