traffic : of this there can be no doubt , because the record from the Court of King 's Bench is on the table , and the hon . captain has actually pleaded the illegality of the trade to prevent paying a debt contracted there ; so far therefore he has acknowledged himself guilty . In 1790 , a second voyage in the same ship was meditated , and on this voyage he sailed without asking any leave of the Admiralty at all . The precautions used on this occasion will prove past doubt his knowledge of the illegality of the trade . In the first place the character of the vessel was changed from Imperial to Tuscan , and the manner in which this was done is not be passed by . If gentlemen will turn to the 100th page of the papers , they will see a most curious agreement between Messrs. Valle and Borghini , of Leghorn , and sir Home Popham : 'By this present , though private charter party , which the parties agree to be of full force and vigour , as an agreement made by a Notary Public in due form , it is agreed to procure papers which Mr. Popham will make use to cover a ship to undertake the voyage to the East Indies and back to Leghorn . Again , Notwithstanding the said ship is to be navigated in appearance , on account of the said Valle and Borghini , it is however covenanted and agreed , that every profit , loss and event of the said ship , her navigation , freight , & c. is and shall be on account and risk of the said Mr. Popham . And in page 101 , Mr. Hornbeck , who is to be deputed as be- 725 fore-mentioned procurator to the said effects of Messrs. Valle and Borghini , shall sign the present agreement , in virtue whereof shall guarantee them from every exception , which might be promoted from Mr. Popham against this declaration of bonâ fide . ' For these false and fictitious papers one and a quarter per cent , upon the estimated value of the ship ( 5000l . ) was paid ; yet after all this , after these false documents , so procured , after neglecting to renew his application to the Admiralty for leave of absence , sir Home Popham has stated in his Memorial to the Treasury , that he believed the trade to be innocent and legal . In June 1790 , then , the honourable captain sailed ; in what character it is difficult to discover , for in some of the papers he is designated as captain , in others as supercargo ; but in fact he had the real command of the concern . I shall here , sir , mention a circumtance , not with a view to accusation , or making it a charge , but because it has been frequently insinuated , and generally circulated out of doors , I shall therefore give the hon . gentleman an opportunity of explaining it . It appears by the Bill of Lading that on board this vessel there were shipped 40 cast iron guns , and some cases of small arms , but it no where appears how they were disposed of ; and it has been said they were sold to the native powers , some of whom were at that period engaged in hostility with us . I repeat , sir , that I have no proof of this , but the hon . captain may clear up every suspicion by giving an account how these military stores were disposed of.—After a voyage , in which he touched at several ports in the East Indies , but which it is not material to trace , we find him at Calcutta setting out on a voyage for Bombay , in which he was prevented , by his own account in his affidavit , by distress of weather ; but it appears by a letter amongst the papers , that he had quarrelled with his master of the