shewing mercy . The true state of the case is , that , in exchange for that prerogative , the crown has the painful duty imposed on it , of selecting those upon whom the judgment of the law shall be executed . In London and Middlesex this is done by the privy council , but upon all the circuits this duty devolves upon the different judges of assize ; and it is felt by them to be the most painful of their duties . No rules are laid down to govern them in the discharge of it ; but they are left to their own discretion , which must necessarily be as various as are their different habits and sentiments and modes of thinking . It may be the opinion of one judge , that punishments ought to be inflicted most strictly when crimes are most frequent ; another , with the same anxiety for the discharge , of his duty , thinks that it is most useful to be rigourous when crimes 398 make their first appearance . One judge is more influenced by humanity ; another more swayed by a sense of what is due to the safety of the community . And thus , their discretion is apt to be exercised under motives , not only different , but often quite contrary . The question was , what should be the remedy ? Being sensible that , when a private individual takes upon himself to propose alterations in the law , it becomes him to proceed very cautiously , to do at first too little rather than too much , to alter and yet not seem to innovate , and to have the test of experience in favour of his first essays at improvement , before he proceeds to propose all that he would have established ; being strongly impressed with this , he had at first intended only to move to repeal the statutes , and to propose others in the same words , only with sums equivalent to the value of what was originally fixed by the legislature ; and by re-enacting the laws such as by the authors of them they were meant to be , to repeal those statutes which time and a change of circumstances had imperceptibly substituted in their place . But , when he found that he would thus be enacting capital punishments for offences , in which there are no circumstances of aggravation , he could not bring his mind to do it , and he determined to propose the simple repeal of all those statutes . As , however , they will require different considerations , he judged it most expedient to bring them one by one under the review of the house ; and he proposed , therefore , to begin with the most objectionable , the 8th of Elizabeth , chap . 4. which made stealing privately from the person a capital offence : declaring it at the same time to be his intention , and wishing it to be understood , that he will at proper times bring forward a repeal of the others . The unnecessary severity of the 8th Elizabeth , its absurdity and want of logic , made it a disgrace to the statute book . ( Read the preamble and first enacting clause . ) Reciting that the offence was sometimes committed under circumstances which were an aggravation , therefore it enacts that in all cases , and although there was no aggravation , clergy should betaken away . In his time , he never had heard but of one single instance in which an offender , convicted under this statute , suffered death ; it was a case upon the northern circuit , where a pick-pocket detected in court was immediately tried and left for execution . It was a solitary case as far back as he could re- 399 member , and even if that had been omitted , it would have been no great misfortune . Under this statute , from the strict construction which the judges observed of the word `` privily , '' that very