it had formerly been.—Mr . Western said he would next desire the house to consider what were the prices at which , upon former occasions , it had been thought advisable to prohibit the use of grain in the distilleries ; such a measure had indeed been resorted to on three occasions only since their establishment in 1690 : the first time in the year 1757 , the circumstances of which it was not necessary particularly to advert to , on account of the period being so distant , and the situation of the country so different ; the next suspension took place in 1795 , and the third in 1800 . Let the house bear in mind the price of grain at the time the committee had recommended the suspension ; wheat was then at 70s . barley 39s . oats 33s , ; at the time he was speaking wheat was at 72s . barley 40s . oats 34s . Now , what was it in 1795 and 1800 ? In the first of those periods , in the summer of 1795 , a strong apprehension prevailed that the crop was materially injured , and a considerable alarm was excited throughout the Country . In July wheat was 84s . per quarter , and in August it rose to 108s . and other grain in proportion . In December 1800 , when the next suspension was thought expedient , wheat had risen to 125s. , barley to 71s. , 8d. , and oats 39s , ; these were the prices to which corn had advanced before it was thought desirable , at that time , to prohibit ' the grain distillery ; , and what is more remarkable , when the prohibition was taken off in Feb. 1802 , 532 wheat was then 75s . 6d . barley 44s . and oats 23s . 4d . ; which was 5s . 6d . higher for wheat and 4s . for barley than it was when the committee advised the present intended prohibition to commence.—It was likewise material to attend to the time of the year at which the suspension was recommended , in 1795 , in 1800 , and , the present time ; in 1795 it was at the beginning of the harvest , which it was imagined had suffered most essential injury ; consequently there was a whole year 's consumption to look forward to , and provide for ; and in 1800 , in December , there was of course a much longer time than at present , which was to be supplied from the stock in hand , before the new crop should arrive : in the present instance the season was so far advanced , that but a few months remained to provide for ; it was impossible that before that time , the price should not have risen very materially , if any deficiency had been at all probable ; in truth , it was most evident that the measure proposed was wholly unnecessary , and being so would be infinitely mischievous.—Mr . W. said he would readily admit that the state of dependance we had been in upon foreign countries for part of our annual subsistence , might reasonably excite some alarm , now that such supply could be withheld at any time by the power of the enemy ; most happily however , no danger existed that was pressing or immediate ; it was our peculiar good fortune to have so encreased our cultivation within these few years , and to have had so abundant a wheat harvest last year , as to enable us , without any difficulty , and without foreign aid , to meet the growing crop , at the very moment the enemy had made himself master of almost every port in Europe . The danger then was not immediate , no cause for alarm whatever at that time existed , but apprehensions for the future might be entertained , and in those apprehensions he certainly participated . It was impossible not to contemplate the possibility of a defective harvest without alarm ; it was against