immediate gratification . The system of annuities was too generally attended with such consequences , and he saw nothing in the Plan of the right hon . gent . calculated to obviate such effects in the present instance . supposed a case in which five millions were transferred when the stocks were at 60 ; he then supposed , that by the natural progress of the price from the operation of the Sinking Fund , the stocks Would reach 65 , but that by the accelerated progress , in consequence of removing so much from the market , they would rise to 70 : in that case he contended , that no advantage would be derived from the measure , but rather that it would be injurious . deprecated the facility which the Plan proposed to afford to persons in the lower walks of life to do that which would be highly injurious to their families . At the same time , he did not believe that there was in this country any considerable body of people who would be disposed to avail themselves of the Plan . Persons of high rank could with case obtain annuities at the present moment , on landed security . Mr. Pitt had tried a similar Plan in 1783 , which intirely failed . Every thing led him to believe that capital and increase of capital 269 were the objects of the day , and was it probable that a person who had hitherto preferred capital to interest , should all at once change his plan , and prefer interest to capital ; and that , too , precisely at the moment when the chancellor of the exchequer was assuring him that capital would rise in value ? It appeared to him also ( although he only stated it without meaning to infer that such a step , under some circumstances , might not he adviseable ) , that the Plan would be a violation of the act of parliament , respecting the reduction of the debt , and consequent infraction of faith with the public creditor . It was well known , that the stocks were kept up by the periodical presence in the market of the commissioners for the reduction of the debt , who were bound to make certain purchases on certain days , whatever might be the state of that market . If , however , these annuities were granted to a considerable extent , that part of them which exceeded the interest , must diminish the disposable sum in the hands of the commissioners for the reduction of the debt . The consequence would be , that the effect now produced , and which he had just described , would be materially lessened ; and the person who bought stock last week on the faith of the act of parliament , by which he expected that his property would soon be very much increased in value , would thus find himself deceived . The right hon . gent . had stated his expectations , that he should be able to make loans in the three per cent . stock redeemable at 80 . What advantage would be derived from this he was at a loss to comprehend . In proportion to the sum at which it was to be redeemable by the contractor , would the contractor raise his original terms . He did not mean to derogate from the merits of the right hon . gent. , but he could assure him , that he never yet knew any chancellor of the exchequer who was a match for the gentlemen in the city , where their interest was concerned . contended that the plan of his right hon . friend would be beneficial to the individuals who should transfer their stock for annuities , in as much as it would secure their annuities without any of the difficulties of recovery attending annuities charged upon lands . The public funds would therefore be preferred ; and that the practice of purchasing under this plan would not be injurious to the public , was apparent from the circumstance that the