the subject immediately before the house , was one of the 911 most weighty ; and as that had been postponed until so late a period , he should abandon all intention of bringing forward his motion during the present session . thanked his right hon . friend for his condescension ; stating that he had made the application , from an unwillingness again so suddenly to agitate a question which , so far from tranquillizing the people of Ireland , must have had a contrary effect . objected to the Speaker 's leaving the chair . Why did not ministers prevent those inconveniences which they now called upon parliament to remedy ? It was in their power to have prevented the evil , and why had they not done so ? They knew what laws were about to expire , and why had they not provided in due time ? It appeared to be a bill which might be well entitled , ' A bill for the better encouraging the laziness , indolence and neglect of his majesty 's ministers . ' It was too uniformly assumed that the bill would pass . The act which was to be continued might have expired before the bill for reviving it had passed , and thus the offence proscribed against cease to be criminal , or on the other hand , what was infinitely more serious , that which had ceased to be criminal , might , by a sort of latent revival , become suddenly penal , and thus a man might inadvertently be guilty of a crime , and hanged in a parenthesis . He thought the bill replete with absurdities , and no consideration would incline him to yield to the motion for the Speaker 's leaving the chair , unless it was that of having the advantage of his high authority and parliamentary experience in the committee . contended , that this measure was not a violation of the usages of parliament for centuries ; because the session of parliament , according to parliamentary usage , was considered but as one day . It was only a few years ago that an act was passed to provide that acts of parliament were to have effect from the day of passing ; whereas , antecedently , all acts had reference to the first day of 912 the session in which they were passed . The right hon . gent . seemed to think that it was the duty of ministers to attend to the acts that were likely to expire , but did not seem to be aware that a committee was appointed at the commencement of every session to inquire what bills were likely to expire , and if any neglect took place , it was the act of the house . But in the view taken by the right hon . gent . he did not seem to be aware that this bill was not to have effect by imposing penalties , confiscations , or forfeitures ; it was only to continue authorities to maintain jurisdictions , until the enactment of the continuing bill . Therefore the execution in the parenthesis alluded to by the right hon . gent . could not take place under this bill . It would do much good , and could do no injury . thanked the right hon . gent . for having attended to the suggestion made by him respecting the inexpediency of continuing penalties by this bill , when he had first mentioned the subject . The objections of his right hon . friend would have been unanswerable against the original bill , if it had not been for the proviso introduced by the right hon . gent . for excepting penalties . But , certainly , the introduction of that proviso removed a great part of these objections ; and , with this proviso , he thought that the bill might be productive of benefit in certain cases.—The house then went into a committee . renewed his objections to the principle , and thought it was an admission of the indolence of his majesty 's ministers.—The bill