tearing , by means of the scourge , the live flesh off men 's bones . This was by some called flogging ; but , if the noble lord through delicacy called this 'discipline , ' the hon . bart . said he had only to wish that he might keep his delicate hands off the backs of Englishmen . defended the system pursued in the British army , against the insinuations of the hon . baronet ; and asked how an army could be kept together or be harmless without enforcing discipline ? Was not the necessity of discipline manifested by the experience of all nations and of all times ? contended , that the discipline in the British army was milder than in the army of any other country . The discipline in Russia and 855 Prussia was severe to a proverb ; and it was well known that the stick was frequently employed in the French army [ A loud cry of No , no . ] The hon . gent . could only assure the house that he had heard so from persons who were witnesses of the fact . supported the measure , as believing that it must be productive of a much better system than the present volunteer establishment . denied , from the best authority , that the stick was made use of in the French army , as a mode of punishment . At the same time , though he knew it was by no means general , he could maintain that such a mode of enforcing discipline , was practised here [ a cry of No ! ] Gentlemen might cry No , but he had been an eye-witness of the tact . He mentioned it with a hope that its being publicly noticed might lead to the correction of so gross an error , such a breach of the military constitution . said that he would bring the officer to a court martial who would presume to use any man under his command in the manner that had been alluded to . was of opinion , that it : would be improper to have the Local Militia on a different footing in point of discipline from the regular militia . observed , that both soldiers and sailors in the French service were flogged with a cat-of-nine-tails . in rising to support the bill , begged to have it understood that he was not inclined to do so from any love which he bore to the measure itself , nor from any expectation that the great inconveniences to which it would expose the country , would be compensated by any adequate addition to our internal strength ; but as leading to the measure proposed by his noble relation the earl of Selkirk , to which it bore a considerable resemblance in point of form , though very different in spirit and tendency . The difference between the two systems depended principally upon one practical circumstance , by the alteration of which one of these systems might be converted into the other ; namely , the circumstance of raising the men required by a ballot upon all persons from 18 to 35 , as proposed by the noble lord ; or , on the other hand , by calling out all the young men who in each successive year attained the age of 18 , as proposed by his noble friend . He had concurred with some of 856 his friends in endeavouring to obtain that alteration in the committee , but without success . In the course of that discussion , however , the noble lord by whom this measure has been brought forward , admitted with great candour , that the characteristic feature of lord Selkirk 's plan , by which the youngest persons of the community were exclusively called out in the first instance , was superior to his own , in the abstract ; but he was induced to abandon that advantage , and to adhere to the plan proposed , as best calculated to maintain the establishment produced by the volunteer system , to repair the breaches