what was to become of them ? They must starve . It was their interest to have too few rather than too many . Considering the influence which the clergy in every country and of every persuasion , had over the people , it was wise in statesmen to keep the clergy at least in good humour with them . On this subject he was convinced , that the 93 Irish Protestants and Catholics were of the same sentiments ; and that if we were to pull opinions in Ireland , there would be at least a hundred to one in favour of his hon . friend 's amendment . disclaimed having ever stated a principle of economy , as the ground of the part he had felt it his duty to take on the subject of this grant . On the contrary , he was of opinion , that a saving of three , five , or ten thousand pounds , should not be any consideration to impede a measure of great and important public advantage . As to what the right hon . gent . had said with respect to the Bill now before the house , for the improvement of the Police of Dublin , he did not understand him to object to the grant for that purpose , and certainly the arguments he used in favour of an extended grant in the case under consideration , would apply with full effect in favour of that measure . The right hon . gent . argued , that the conduct of those who supported the original vote , arose from the pleasure they felt in refusing a boon to so large a proportion of the people of Ireland . But he was convinced that the generous mind of that right hon . gent . was incapable of supposing that any man could entertain such a sentiment . For himself , he felt no such sentiment , and when , from the perhaps mistaken view he had of the subject , ( for he did not think himself infallible , ) he was bound to refuse a grant that would be agreeable to a large portion of his majesty 's subjects , it was always to him a painful duty . As to the assertion that the vote which he was to give was dictated by bigotry or intolerance , he could not admit that it could be ascribed to either . It was no part of religious toleration to make a provision for the education of the clergy of the tolerated sect . If it were so , they ought to go much farther , for the ministers of the Methodists , Anabaptists , and Quakers , would on that ground have as good a claim to education as the Catholic clergy ; for in this respect , numbers made no difference . The present question was , therefore , unconnected with intolerance . It was the duty of the state to provide for the education of the ministers of the religion of its own establishment , but the same obligation did not apply to other sects . All that toleration required with respect to them , was , that no difficulty should be created to any measures they might take for their own education . On every question for an increase of grant , it was fit to 94 consider what was the amount of what was enjoyed before . It was particularly desirable , after the establishment of the connection of this country with the Irish Catholics since the union , that the grant of the Irish parliament should not be diminished . The fact was , that by the vote then under consideration that grant was to be extended to a provision for one-fourth more than were educated heretofore . It appeared , besides , that 111 others were educated for the Catholic priesthood in different parts of Ireland . If he had his choice , he should prefer an education for them in open seminaries , in different parts of the country , where their intercourse with their friends would not be precluded ,