the fate of the motion , and that no inconvenience had been shewn to result from the business being confined to a single proctor . asserted , that so far from the question being indifferent to the navy , there was a general outcry , he might say , in the navy respecting it . He was willing to concur in all the praises which had been bestowed upon the person at present holding the office of king 's proctor . But abuses had taken place before he filled the office , and such abuses might occur again . The hon . and learned gent . might as well argue , that it would be proper and fit for him to conduct every cause in the court of king 's bench , as that one proctor should engross the whole business of the court of appeals . Formerly two clerks did the business of the house of commons , and continued to do so till the time of the union , when the increase of business made it necessary to have a third . But the hon . and learned gent , upon his principles , would argue , that because two had been sufficient at one time , they would be sufficient still . opposed the motion , because it had not been shewn that the delays which took place , in the decision of causes in the courts of prize jurisdiction arose from a want of proctors . On the contrary , it would be easy to shew , that the interests of the captors were materially benefited by a vast number of causes passing through the hands of a single person . thought that the best time to reform the constitution of a court of justice was when the offices in the court were respectably and unexceptionably filled ; because , at such a time , all personal and party motives must necessarily be excluded . He did not pretend to be intimately acquainted with the mode 876 of proceeding in the admiralty courts ; but he conceived it to be a very extraordinary principle , and one contrary to that which was recognised in all other courts , that one person , however able and however distinguished either by his talents or integrity , should engross the whole practice of the court . said , that if it had occurred in times past , that the king 's proctor had been employed on both sides of a cause , such regulations were now adopted , as to preclude the possibility of its happening in future . argued , that if the king was dominus litis when there was only one proctor , he would be equally dominus litis when there were three proctors , and that therefore there was no objection to the motion of his gallant friend , from its tending to alter the principle upon which causes were conducted in the prize courts . And if it had no injurious tendency in this way , he thought it desirable to adopt a measure which would be highly satisfactory to such a numerous and meritorious class of persons as the officers of the royal navy . made a short reply , in which he stated , that some causes had been pending in the admiralty courts more than ten years , and that a majority had been pending more than seven years . He should think that he was wanting in his duty if he did not take the sense of the house upon the motion which he had the honour to propose.—The house then divided upon the hon . baronet 's motion : said , that during the last twenty or thirty years it had been his lot to have some experience in the administration of the Criminal Law ; he should therefore be wanting in his duty to the public , as well as respect to his learned friend , if he omitted to pay what attention he could to the present bill ; and he was desirous to state a few observations upon it before the Speaker left the chair , because