and penalties , over the amount of fines paid into the Bank , should be defrayed out of the county rate , objected to that provision , as likely to produce an injurious and unequal effect , and moved an amendment to leave out the words , `` that a separate account be kept of fines and penalties . '' Some short conversation took place upon this amendment , but it was negatived without a division.—On the motion that the bill do pass , congratulated the house upon the lessons which it had received in the course of the evening , in the science of legislation , by the different processes of 852 erasure , engrossing , & c. which used to be transacted out of doors . These processes , however , had occupied so much of the time of the house ( no less than five hours ) that he should now compress what he had to state into a small compass . He observed in setting out , that the military establishment of this and every other country was composed of two divisions , the army and what was not army . Of the former division he did not now intend to speak ; respecting the latter , it was constituted upon two principles , either of being incorporated or not incorporated ; and this distinction formed the great , ground of difference between himself and the noble lord . The noble lord was of opinion ; that the whole subsidiary force of the country should be regimented ; he thought , on the contrary , that the enrolment , and a certain degree of training , was all that was necessary ; and that the incorporation proposed to be carried into effect by the bill was a great burthen , and would be attended with very little benefit . No man would seriously contend , that these regiments of local militia would be fit to be placed in the line of the army in case of invasion ; and if they could not be so employed , incorporating them in regiments was locking up a part of the population of the country , starving the army , and absolutely purchasing weakness at an enormous expence . With respect to the advantage of discipline , it would not be great in either case ; indeed , it might be so little , that the value of the difference must be considered evanescent . But the species of force it gave the country for the expence was the consideration ; and for what object was this expence to be incurred ? Why , for nothing else but to have an incorporated force , officered by the topping men of the district , such as Mr. Such-a-one , the general dealer , and Mr. What-d ' ye-call him , the attorney . It was ridiculous to place any dependence on a species of national defence so arranged . Would any man , who knew what had taken place on the continent of Europe , be so credulous as to believe such men able to cope with the disciplined armies of France , which , if they should come at all , must come flushed with conquest ? He , at least , who was a volunteer officer , and an unmilitary man , must be allowed to apprehend great danger in depending upon such a description of force , and of locking up in it such a portion of our population , within the ages of 18 and 30 , and this at 853 an enormous expence , an expence almost exceeding the belief of most men , and which went not to purchase strength , but actual weakness . Did the noble lord think , that by such a force he would frighten Buonaparte , and strike terror into the invading armies ? What was it then that the army clothier could produce ? If their being stuck into regimentals would produce this surprising effect on the enemy , it was a wonder that the noble lord did not follow up the measure , and render them more