1st of March , or even the 1st of July , next year , if necessary , leaving to ministers , if the next crop should be abundant , to open the distilleries by proclamation , an act which would give the country universal satisfaction . He would , therefore , give to the West Indians this temporary relief , but he would not give to them the slightest hopes of its being repeated , because he would not suffer the agricultural interests of the country to be permanently invaded . The hon . gent , concluded by moving as an amendment , That the 10th of June should be substituted for the 1st of July as the period when the prohibition of the use of corn in the distilleries should commence . On the question being put , condemned the interference of parliament with the agriculture of the country . Great Britain and Ireland must be able to produce sufficient for their consumption , if their agriculture was not to be interfered with by impolitic measures of this description . The shutting of the ports of the continent against us would amount to a bounty on the improvement and extension of agriculture , not only with respect to corn , but the cultivation of hemp . This measure he considered as a dangerous experiment , and agreed with the hon . gent , who spoke last , that no hope should be held out to the West India merchants that this measure should ever again be resorted to . He did not see why a certain sum might not be lent to the West Indies upon adequate security , to enable the proprietors to turn their lands to the production of other articles . He would even 705 prefer , rather than break in upon a grand principle , to grant a sum of money to his majesty to enable him . to purchase a quantity of the redundant sugar , for the relief of the West Indian merchants . considered it of the highest importance to encourage the agriculture by exportation , consumption in breweries and distilleries , and in every possible mode . He was , however , of opinion , that in times of necessity the legislature had a right to interfere and prevent every other consumption of corn , in order to save it for human food ; but whilst he admitted this right , he contended as strongly , that nothing would so legitimately give that right as the deficiency of human food . The reason why he thought that agriculture ought to be encouraged , was because nothing could make a country so truly great as to render it independent , for articles of necessity , of any other nation . He should never , therefore , consent to any interference with the agriculture of the country for any object of external interest . re-asserted and vindicated some of his former statements , respecting the motives of the opposition to this measure , and argued at considerable length in support of it . argued that some means should be devised for taking oil some of the redundant stock of sugar . If the effect of the measure should be to injure the landed interest , no gentleman would consent to it ; but the object of the measure was , to prevent the consequences of a scarcity if the next crop should not be a good one . could not avoid entering his protest against this measure , and declared , that though he was one of the landed interest , he did not object to this measure on any narrow view , but from the opinion that it was fraught with injury to the agriculture of the country . recalled the attention of the committee to the real question before them . The resolution under consideration , was , whether the use of corn in distilleries , from the 1st of July to the 1st of October should be prohibited . During that period the distilleries usually were stopped , so that no injury could be done thereby to the landed interest