the entire management of the country , under an engagement to pay him regularly a liberal portion of its revenues for the maintenance of his family and the support of his dignity . The hon . member said , that he need not remind the house , that this plan exactly corresponds with that which was proposed by lord Powis to Ally Hussein . Of the practical wisdom of that plan , no man could doubt , when we find , notwithstanding all that had been done by lord Macartney , by sir Arch . Campbell , and by lord Cornwallis , that the evils of the nabob 's administration still continued to exist as late as 1795 , and to require correction . Lord Buckinghamshire , in his minute dated in Oct. 1795 , observed , That no comment could be required to shew that that species of government , if it deserved the name of government , contained the most grievous oppressions of the people , the certain impoverishment of the country , and the inevitable decay of revenue.—Impressed as his lordship was with a serious conviction of that truth , he looked with extreme anxiety to the nature of the security provided by the treaty of 1792 , and his lordship stated his opinion , that there was no other remedy than placing the districts pledged for the security of the subsidy in the hands of the company . The conduct of his noble friend was highly approved by the court of directors , who sincerely lamented , that the nabob could not 386 be prevailed upon to adopt the modification of the treaty proposed by lord Buckinghamshire , which , they observed , was founded upon principles of sound policy , humanity and justice ; they therefore directed his noble friend to renew the proposition in their name . So deeply indeed were the court of directors , and the government at home , impressed with the absolute necessity of this arrangement , that they requested lord Wellesley to make a short stay at Madras on his way to Bengal , in order to prevail upon the nabob of agree to the plan proposed by lord Buckinghamshire . But these were not the only testimonies of this branch of the question to which he could refer the house . We find , said the hon . member , in the papers before us , that as late as the year 1801 , the opinions of lord Powis strengthening and confirming those of his predecessors , his lordship observed , that It was material for him to repeat , and with impressive earnestness , that no security , sufficiently extensive and efficient for the British interest in the Carnatic , can be derived from the treaty of 1792 , and that no divided power , however modified , can possibly avert the ruin of that devoted country.—The hon . member declared , that after the opinions of lord Macartney , lord Cornwallis , lord Buckinghamshire , and lord Powis , publicly recorded , and to which he had endeavoured to draw the attention of the house ; after the fullest enquiries on the spot , possessing also , as lord Wellesley did , every means of acquiring correct information , he could not feel surprised , that lord Wellesley should have considered the late arrangement in the Carnatic as founded in the wisest policy . Its impolicy however had been argued upon grounds , in his humble opinion , quite erroneous . It had been remarked by those who differed from him on this occasion , that formerly we had no invidious duties to discharge , that the nabob 's government exacted the revenue and inflicted the punishments , that they were regarded as the oppressors , whilst we were considered as the benefactors of the country ; but that now we had changed places with the nabob ; and we were then gravely asked , whether it was wise to have taken upon ourselves a task which must render us odious to the natives ? To this point the hon . member said he could speak