which afforded ground for much anxiety , and he was glad to find that precautionary provisions were inserted in the treaty ; but he regretted that in addition to the two fortresses which our troops were to occupy , that of Malazzo was not also directed to be garrisoned by our troops , the latter fortress being of great strength and importance , and kept up at a trifling expence.—The motion for the Address was then put and agreed to . rose , and objected to the Speaker leaving the chair , as he thought the report alluded to was perfectly unsatisfactory , and contained so little information , that it would be quite improper for the house to go into its consideration . On a former occasion an objection had been stated as to the manner in which that committee had been formed , and he still looked upon that objection as being justified by the report now upon the table . There were , in his opinion , various facts , of which the house ought to be in possession , before they proceeded to vote any great sum of money to the East India Company . observed that the objections of the noble lord would be better reserved for the committee . was of the same opinion as the noble lord ; but would not object to the house going into the committee.—The house having gone into a Committee of Supply , then stated , that it would be unnecessary for him to say much , as the Report contained most of the facts that were necessary to be detailed . Some misunderstanding had arisen between the Accountants of the Company and the public , which were referred to the committee appointed upon East India affairs , who had thought it necessary to adhere to the principles laid down by the former committee . The first article charged by the Company was the expence of prisoners of war conveyed by his majesty 's ships to India , immediately upon capture , which necessarily became chargeable upon the public ; and the next was the expence of remitting to India such sums of money as had been paid by the Company to the public in liquidation of the balance owing to them . A question had been stated , as 860 to whether the public should be bound to pay in India the money so borrowed , or to the Company in this country , and disputes had arisen as to the rate of interest to be allowed . It had been , however , settled , by the Report , that not only the expence of the remittance of bullion to India , but the usual interest of that place , where it was originally borrowed , should be paid . Upon these grounds he did not feel himself justified in calling upon parliament to make any advance to the Company farther than that which had been formerly stated to be actually ascertained to be due . He concluded with moving , `` That a sum not exceeding 1,500,000l . be granted to his majesty , to enable him to pay the same to the East India Company on account of expences incurred by them in the public service . '' repeated the objections he had urged before the house had gone into a committee , and then moved as an amendment , That instead of 1,500,000l . the sum of five pounds be inserted . said , that he was rather disposed to agree to the Resolution , with the exception of one item , amounting to 100,000l . which he could not consent to vote . supported the Resolution . Although the committee were not vested with the authority of arbitrators , yet they had been appointed to ascertain the amount of the debt due upon either side . The result of their inquiry was , that 2,300,000l . were found due by the public to the Company , part of which having already been paid , this vote was only for an acknowledged balance , joined to some further subsequent claims . The point