presented a Petition from the Roman Catholics of Ireland , praying that the disabilities respecting them might be removed ; which was read at the table . His lordship stated , that there was an informality attached to it , in consequence of some of the names signed to it , not having been written by the persons bearing those names , although written by their authority . He believed , however , that petitions had been received where an informality of this kind existed , but where , as in this case , there were other names to the petition , signed by the parties themselves . He moved , that the Petition do lie on the table , and stated , that he should also move , that the lords be summoned for the 11th of May , with the view of then moving the consideration of this petition . regretted , that upon this occasion , he found himself compelled to differ in opinion with his noble friend . His sentiments with respect to the object of the petition had been declared and were well known ; but when parliament had so recently decided , and when so many persons stood pledged upon this subject , he could not concur in the propriety of discussing it in the present session . He thought , that the urging at this moment of these claims , tended rather to retard 2 than to accelerate the object of the petitioners . observed , with respect to the informality , that where such informality existed , the reception of the petition was a matter of courtesy.—The Petition was ordered to lie on the table . observed , with regard to what had fallen from his noble friend , that he had not advised the presenting this petition ; neither had he given any opinion respecting it , his advice not having been asked . He had stated , on a former occasion , his opinion , that it would not be expedient for the catholics to petition at the present moment ; they , however , might be influenced by circumstances of which neither he nor any one besides themselves could judge . All he was anxious to state was , that he had not advised the presenting of this petition , neither had he given any opinion against presenting it ; nor did he mean now to give any opinion on the subject . Perhaps , if he had known the circumstances that led to the petition , he might have thought it expedient that it should be presented . The petition however having been presented , he should call the attention of the house to the question , whether it was not fit that the matter of the petition should become a subject of discussion . Understanding that the 13th of May would be more convenient than the 11th , he moved that the lords be summoned on the 13th.—Ordered . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move a certain Resolution relative to the above institution , somewhat similar to that which he had lately proposed as to Greenwich Hospital . He knew it would be objected to what he was about to propose , that this charitable institution had been originally supported by private voluntary donations , but it appeared to him to be now under the immediate management of government , the more especially as parliament had been called on to vote considerable sums of money for its support . No doubt the private donations from other individuals were very important , but still there appeared no reason for separating its mode of management from that of Greenwich Hospital , as described in the Charter . Here the hon . baronet gave a statement of the most important public and private contributions to this Asylum . He observed , that a very large portion of that called `` private contribution '' was given from the Patriotic Fund , which was avowedly for the purpose of relieving the distresses of the relations of those who fell in the naval battles of their country . Surely