He had stated , that his power of doing mischief would be very limited , and that he would only be called upon for his advice on ecclesiastical questions . But what security was there for the house and the country , that the learned doctor would abstain from any of the duties of a privy counsellor ? As soon as he was appointed , he might think it his duty to offer his 153 advice on all subjects , and there could be very little doubt of the tendency of his advice , if it were followed . The catholics of Ireland had no quarter to look to but that house , and he conceived that it was the duty of the house to address his majesty , praying him not to listen to little narrow-minded bigots , but to the general feeling of his people . A noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) appeared this night in a situation peculiarly awkward . It was the boast of the right hon . gent , to be the representative of the opinions of Mr. Pitt . He would venture to say , that if Mr. Pitt were living , he would be ashamed of such an appointment as would raise the learned doctor to the rank of a privy counsellor , and that he would never have lent himself to that little contemptible system of irritating a people , which the present administration appeared to have adopted . It would be hard for them to prove , that the promotion of Dr. Duigenan was an object equal to the tranquillity of four millions of subjects . It would be hard for them to persuade the catholics of Ireland that they had nothing to fear from those prejudices which had dictated the writings and the speeches of the learned doctor . It appeared to him to be a pure , wanton , and gratuitous insult to the feelings of the catholics of Ireland . He thought it was impossible that there could be any justification for it , and that it was a symptom of a general system to be adopted against the rights and against the feelings of the catholics of Ireland . said that whatever might be his opinion on the general subject of what was called Catholic emancipation , he could by no means approve of the system which seemed now to be adopted , of heaping insult upon insult on the Catholics of Ireland . Upon the general question which was to come on , he might probably be of the same opinion which his constituents had expressed ; but he was sure his constituents never could approve of such a wanton insult as this appeared to be to the Catholics of Ireland . thought it an unpardonable insult to Ireland , and every one connected with Ireland , to the house of commons , and to the empire at large , that his majesty 's ministers would not condescend to offer any explanation on this scandalous appointment , but sat silent relying on their majority . expressed his surprise , that his majesty 's ministers should have thought this a proper time for promoting a man who was remarkable for nothing so much as his rooted hostility to a considerable proportion of the population of this empire . When the gentlemen on the other side of the house did not venture to say a word in favour of the man who was the object of their choice , it appeared to him that their silence , however prudent , must yet be considered as a guilty silence . If the appointment was agreeable to their opinion , they ought to defend it ; and if it was not agreeable to their opinion , they should not have made it . Their silence might be in some respects pardoned , for there might be a factitious unanimity in silence ; whereas , in speaking , some differences might have arisen . said , if the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) ever had any