in which the money was expended , and the bad taste which prevailed in the pretended improvements . He thought it sufficient to grant a part of this large sum at pre- 864 sent , and was sorry to say the style of building hitherto pursued was such as to impress an idea of misery instead of grandeur . agreed with the right hon . gent , in condemning the mock Gothic front of the house of lords . The remaining buildings should be submitted to such judgment as would insure a better taste . said , that he really did not know under whose authority these improvements were conducted ; but some of them consisted in lath and plaister , and he should be very happy that they were pulled down . thought no new grant should be made till care should be taken that the new expenditure did not get into the same hands as the former . The present front of the house of lords was something like the appointment of Dr. Duigenan to the privy council , every one was ashamed of it , and nobody would avow himself the author of it . He recommended undoing the improper appointment , as well as pulling down the miserable building . joined in condemning the improvements , as they were called , and , by some persons , had been thought , but for which , he declared himself in no way responsible . With respect to what was to be done , the plans were now before the house , so that it only , and not the commissioners , would be responsible , either for adopting or rejecting them . was glad that this subject had attracted the notice of the committee , and reprobated the practice of voting the public money , when no one was responsible for its application . He moved that instead of 75,000l . only 45,000l . should be voted , as amply sufficient to supply all the demands of the present year . though he had every wish for œconomy , thought the present building so disgraceful that he would vote for a new one . He thought that a committee ought to be appointed to inquire who authorised the raising of the buildings , who audited the accounts , and who issued the orders for their payment . believed that the works were ordered by the Surveyor General of the Board of Works , and that they might have been paid by an order from the Treasury . But he asserted that every shilling of the money had been accounted for , and that the accounts had been as scrupulously examined , as any public accounts ever had . condemned the front of the house of lords , and denied all knowledge of the plan . said , a general order had been given to comply with the wish expressed by the house of lords for additional buildings . Nobody knew any thing of the plan till the building exhibited itself in its present form . stated that , in consequence of the difficulties the Board of Treasury found in getting proper accounts from the Board of Works , measures had recently been taken to put the great expence of that Board under proper controul . condemned the shameful carelessness , which , from whatever quarter proceeding , was so evident , from the disgraceful state of the exterior of the house of lords . The professed object was to give that house a handsome outside ; whereas , to speak plain English , its pilastres appeared nothing better than a set of elongations , to which , under certain circumstances , the members might occasionally retire . The work which had been erected was a paltry building , and he was not surprised the public thought their money thrown away upon it . preferred the eyesore of the present building to the expence of pulling it down . The authority for purchasing the building was given in 1806 , and notice was given to the holders inconsequence . On this ground , he thought it right to