in the rights and privileges which their fellow subjects enjoy , and which I say they are entitled to . Such a doctrine goes this length : it says that the Catholic religion is a nuisance—a religion which is professed by the greatest proportion of Europe . If such an inference be just , and if such be the true character of the professors of the Roman Catholic faith , then it follows of course that the religion of the great portion of the civilized world is worse than useless . The refutation of such a position does not 553 depend upon abstract reasoning or forced construction . It has been contradicted by the most profound professors of popery in different countries . In the year 1791 the sense of the Catholics was taken upon the subject , certain questions were put to the six principal universities on the continent , applicable to the doctrines held by the professors . The universities were those of Paris , Louvaine , Salamanca , Douay , St. Omers , and Valladolid ; to these queries they answer , `` That Roman Catholics do not hold themselves absolved from their allegiance to a protestant prince , and they declare that faith is to be kept with heretics—that the Pope has no temporal power in England , either as to deposing a prince or otherwise . They also declare that such principles by their religion were condemned , reprobated and stigmatized . These questions they answer with much moral indignation , and with much learning , and aver that such actions and tenets do not belong to the Catholic religion . Such is the testimony of the professors of that faith in foreign countries , and I am therefore justified in saying , that it is not the profession of Catholics in general . With respect to the Catholics of Ireland , they have furnished not less than six instruments , all refuting the imputations cast upon their religion . By these instruments they disclaim the deposing power of the Pope , and all his right of interfering in temporal matters . By the oath which they are required to take in the act of the 13th and 14th of the king , these disclaimers are recognized ; and by the act of the 32d of the king , they renounce the right of the Pope as to his claim upon property ; they swear to support the Protestant State and Church , and deny the infallibility of the Pope . From this I am strengthened in inferring , that there is no moral incompatibility between the two religions ; but those who argue die contrary contend that there is a political incompatibility , and they ground their objections upon this principle : that it is impossible for a subject to hold allegiance to a Protestant prince , at the same time that he professes to hold a religion contrary to the established religion of the state , and recognizes a foreign power as the head of his own religion . The Catholic acknowledges the supremacy of the Pope in a spiritual sense . To prove that this admission , or the belief in transubstantiation , the invocation of saints , or the other points of Catholic doctrine , such as the celebration of mass , the 554 eucharist , are incompatible with allegiance to the house of Hanover , is to require as great a miracle as the transubstantiation itself . It then becomes this house , and it is a duty imperiously thrown upon us , to inquire whether , in the present state of the world , there does exist any motive powerful enough to call this supposed hostility of the Catholics into action . There is now no Catholic pretender on the continent—no Catholic association or confederacy in Europe . In Catholic countries all religions , without distinction , are admitted into civil and military offices , indeed there has been a silent reformation as to religious influence in the public mind , and even Popery itself has drawn much of its toleration and liberality from the progress of protestantism .