not barley , but wheat and oats which we were wont to import ; but this makes no difference . In common times , the different sorts of grain are easily commutable in various uses , and , in times of scarcity , the great object is , that there should be a sufficient supply of some corn or other.—I think , sir , I might stop even here , and that to every man of common understanding , enough has been said . But the farther we proceed , the stronger will be the case.—The argument as to barley separately , seems more cogent , because it is more specific . We know that of barley , the usual consumption is equal to the usual crop ; for of barley there is usually neither import nor export . It has not been alleged by any one , that at the time of the last crop there was any unusual stock on hand , and it is proved that the last crop was deficient at the least one fourth . How then stands the case ? The usual consumption and the usual crop are 500 equal , but the last crop was greatly deficient . Of two things then , one must happen ; either we must reduce our consumption to the crop , or we must by importation bring up our crop to the consumption . Which will you choose ? to my argument it is indifferent . If you say , `` We will import ; '' I answer , `` This is exactly what we propose to do , importing only , instead of corn , sugar , which stands in lieu of corn . `` —What interest has the barley-grower here ? If indeed he wishes the market not to be supplied , in order that he may get exorbitant prices , he has a very strong interest against the measure . But such a view he disclaims ; and if the deficiency of the market is to be supplied , to him it must be indifferent from whence the supply arrives ; whether from the Baltic , in the shape of corn , or from the West Indies , in the shape of sugar.—But perhaps you will take the other alternative , and say , `` we will not import , but we will diminish the consumption ; '' and this seems to be the favourite answer . Accordingly we are told , there is `` sufficient for a diminished consumption ; '' a phrase , by-the-by , which might be used in scarcity and almost in famine.—Well ; the consumption is to be diminished . Now , what is this , measure , but a measure to diminish the consumption by exactly that quantity which is used in the distillery ? What difference here again does it make to the barley-grower how it is to be diminished , so the diminution is to take place ? Would it be better for him , if the saving should be effected by painful privations in the food of cattle and man ? Alas ! sir , a good deal of this privation will still be necessary ; for the amount consumed in the distillery is far short of the deficit.—An argument of this nature admits of no answer but by denial of the premises . But what , are the premises ? One , an uncontested fact , namely , that the usual consumption is equal to the usual crop ; and the other , a fact established by the concurrent testimony of all the witnesses * brought by cur opponents , and examined by themselves ; persons of all descriptions , and from all quarters ; practical farmers , theoretical farmers , corn-dealers , writers on economy , all agreeing that the barley crop had been thus deficient . Now , sir , persons coming * I think there was one exception ; a witness from Dorse shire , who stated that , in this county , the crops had not been so bad as in other parts . 501 into a court and beginning