committee up stairs , by a more decisive discouragement of this traffic in the produce of the enemy , in favour of that of our own subjects and possessions . Brandy , to a certain extent , would be consumed , even if the tax were doubled ; and he was informed that , under the present circumstances , the revenue could not suffer much from smuggling . The reduction of the duty on Coffee was another wise measure which he trusted would eventually promote the interests of both the coffee and the sugar planter , and also prove a source of future benefit to the revenue . In this instance , however , he feared that the principle had not been carried far enough ; the present revenue in the home consumption of coffee was a matter contemptible in itself , and while we were seeking to establish a change in the habits of the public , it might have-been well to have made the encouragement , in the first instance , more decisive . The postponement , too , of the time when the reduced duty was to take effect appeared to him to be injudicious , and he was persuaded that the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had somewhat hastily committed himself upon that subject , and that he would have been glad , upon farther reflection , to have given that act an earlier operation . From these mea- 1058 sures , however , when combined , he expected benefit , and was sincerely thankful for them . He believed that his hon . friend ( Mr. Barham ) was so also ; and that the expressions he had used , if fairly understood , would not warrant the comments they had occasioned . His hon . friend had very properly said that little or nothing had been done for the permanent benefit of the Sugar Planters , since the use of the Distilleries was professedly temporary . The committee , who recommended it as an expedient suitable to the present circumstances of the country , expressly deprecated either its long continuance or its recurrence , and there was a large portion of that house most anxious to seethe West India trade relieved by other means , if for no other reason yet that its distress might neither be the motive nor the plea for any future interference with the Distillery from grain . The committee , whose labours appeared to have met the approbation of the house , had therefore , in conformity with its promise , suggested measures of permanent relief . And he thought it hard that he and others nearly interested should be accused of ingratitude , or of impolitic importunity , when they were anxious to press those measures upon the early consideration of the house and of his majesty 's ministers . The case of the West Indies became more , perhaps , a question of the time than of the amount of relief . Another year like the last would bring on a crisis for which it would be difficult to find a cure . The estates had hitherto been supplied with necessaries , and while that was the case , peace and subordination were preserved there , and the shipping and manufacturing interests at home did not feel the weight of the evil which was approach-ins : but the resources from which this had been done were nearly exhausted , and would not bear out against such another losing year as the last . The consequences he dreaded to contemplate ; but the house might rest assured that they would be felt most extensively.—The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) had warned them against importuning the house with their case , lest they might indispose it towards their relief ; as if their case was not the case of that house and of the country . What could he or his hon . friend say more in illustration of the importance of the colonial trade , than what had fallen from the right hon . gent. ? that it was now almost