moving , `` 1 . That it is the opinion of this house , that from an improper adherence to the system of Private Contract , 1007 the public have been put to a very unnecessary expence for military great-coats ; and it is the farther opinion of this house , that the orders of the Treasury of the 5th Nov. 1807 , and 1lth Feb. 1808 , directing the great-coats of the army to be supplied by open contract , are highly proper and necessary to be adopted in future . 2 . That it is the opinion of this house , that open Contract should be resorted to in all cases where the clothing and appointments of the army are ordered by government . 3 . That a Committee be appointed to take under their consideration the Clothing and Appointments of the Army in general , with a view to ascertain , whether by the adoption of a new system , clothing and appointments agreeably to his majesty 's regulations , might not be furnished on such terms as would ensure a great saving to the public , and at the same time allow a continuance of those emoluments to the colonels that they have hitherto enjoyed from the clothing of their regiments , or an equivalent in lieu thereof . `` —He concluded by stating , that it was not his intention to press his motions this session . replied to the observations of the hon . gent . Those who were well acquainted with the woollen trade , had informed him that the prices had remained stationary from 1803 to the present time , With respect to the price for great-coats that had been fixed in 1803 , namely , 16s . 6d . he could only say , that as far as he understood , that price had not been fixed without due deliberation , and a full consideration of every circumstance connected with the subject . A reference to the opinion of military men , and particular ] v to that of the Commander in Chief , was indispensable on questions of this nature , and consequently the inferences of the hon . gent . did not apply . When the business was referred to the commander in chief , he communicated it to the board of general officers , who , of course , were perfectly disinterested , and who after due deliberation , declared their unanimous opinion , an opinion in which the commander in chief had concurred . The soldier 's great-coat was to last him for three years : it was frequently his only covering , and it became therefore most necessary that the coats should not be of an inferior quality . On this principle , the board of general officers and the commander in chief had objected to any change in the system by which these coats had hitherto been furbished . The secretary at war had no con- 1008 nection whatever with the appointment of those who were to furnish the clothing of the army . Every colonel of a regiment selected his own army clothier . The war-office , therefore , could have no interest in the question . It was not to be expected , that the treasury would suppose any orders of this nature issued by them upon this subject were final , without consultation with the military authorities . The treasury had recommended a new system , but the board of general officers and the commander in chief were so strongly impressed with what they conceived would be the injury which the army would sustain from the change , that the treasury acquiesced . He did not think the least advantage would accrue to the public from taking the clothing out of the hands of the colonels ; although he was satisfied that ( provided a fair compensation were made to them ) the colonels would be much benefited , and would be very happy to have the clothing removed from their hands into those of the public . He should move the previous question on each of the motions . could find