of gentlemen in all habits of life , and professing different political principles ; that many among them , until this unlucky slur upon their discretion and probity , were not suspected to be deficient in common sense ; and I may at least be allowed to say , without presumption , that they were punctual and indefatigable in their attendance ; that they omitted no care or pains by which the truth could be ascertained ; and that after every practicable devotion of their time , and sacrifice of their attention , they agreed upon a report perfectly satisfactory to their own consciences , and which they were really vain enough to hope would have proved equally satisfactory to the house , and even to the fastidiousness of the hon . gent . Sir , the members of that Committee would indeed have cause for regret , if the hon . gent. , in the delivery of these very liberal sentiments , could be considered as the organ of the house ; the vote of this night , like that of the last , will , I trust , prove that he is not so ; that it is only his individual opinion , which , however respectable , he will excuse us if we deem not infallible . With respect to the form or diction of the Report , so severely commented on by the hon . member , I can only say it is unfortunate that we had not the aid of the judgment and literary talents of the hon . member in preparing it , as it might then have been more worthy the place for which it was destined . I can only hope , that when the long expected report shall at length arrive from that Committee over whose labours the hon . gentleman himself presides , we shall receive a luminous document worthy his superior genius and accuracy , which may serve as a beautiful and unerring model by which all future committees may be enabled to reform their inaccuracies , and accommodate 296 their conduct to his code of propriety of language and siatement.—Sir , we are next told , with infinite gravity , that the vote of Thursday night ought to be rescinded because the house was taken by surprize upon that occasion ! —In the name of common sense , what does the hon . gent . mean by surprise ? —Was not the day appointed by the minister himself , and was there not a notice of full six weeks given of that day ? I never recollect any measure urged upon the house with less appearance of precipitation , or upon which every member has been enabled to form a more cool and deliberate judgment.—Indeed , this is an objection so palpably ridiculous , that I can only suppose the hon . gent . meant by it to give us an agreeable proof of his fancy , by raising an argument where any other person would have despaired to find one.—Another hon . gent . ( Mr. Long ) has insinuated to the house , that the report of the Committee is indeed but little to be relied upon , because he could have supplied them with a vast deal of intelligence upon the subject of their enquiry , which they either disdained , or neglected to apply for , when he offered himself as an evidence before them . I fear it is the misfortune of this hon . gent . to possess a singularly treacherous memory . I wish before he had committed himself by such an assertion , he had looked at the printed report of the Committee , which is now in every member 's hand ; he would there have seen , that when his evidence was taken , it amounted merely to two or three loose remarks of no importance ; and that when the Committee had put every question they conceived to be of consequence , the hon . gent . was expressly asked `` whether there were any points `` remaining upon which he could afford `` information , ''