advices lately received from Spain , tending to ascertain the state of that country , the conduct that this country ought to pursue with respect to it , and the conduct his majesty 's government meant to pursue . He did not mean to press for any improper disclosure , either with regard to Spain , or the measures to be adopted here , but merely to come to an , understanding upon general facts and principles . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the act for licensing alehouse-keepers , inn-keepers , & c. Alluding to the meetings held for some time past , at the St. Alban 's tavern , for the purpose of preventing any rise in the rate of Posting , he took occasion to express his reprobation of all such combinations among lords and commoners , as , if attempted among the poor and labouring classes of the community , would be deemed illegal , and punished as such . Seeing an hon . member and magistrate for the county of Sussex , however , in the house , he could riot refrain from candidly stating to him a circumstance relating to that hon . member which had reached him , and by the hon . member 's explanation of that circumstance he should be enabled to judge , whether he must not extend his bill further than he originally intended . The circumstance to which he alluded was this ; that at one of these meetings at the St. Alban 's Tavern , it having been doubted , whether it would be better for them to apply for the interference of parliament , or to proceed in their own parliament , that hon . gent . had said , that they were both idle measures , and that the one he recommended to the magistrates of Sussex was 849 the effectual mode , namely , to stop the licence of every person who presumed to raise the rate of posting . He gave the hon . member an opportunity of saying , whether the fact was or was not so ; and concluded by moving for leave to bring in the bill . said , that instead of being either lord or commoner , as the hon . gent , would have it be supposed all the associators at the St. Alban 's tavern were , his informant must have been a post-master . He never did say what the hon . gent , had stated . He had said , that the best mode of effecting their purpose was by encouraging a competition : and where there was only a single house , to encourage a rival . He had said , that the power of checking the evil in this respect , where charges were enormous , was in the breast of the magistrates themselves ; and that they were too frequently enormous , he instanced the charge of 150l . made by an inn-keeper on the French ambassador for a breakfast . He had as much regard for the liberty of the subject as any man , and so had his father before him . objected to a measure of this kind , which had been formerly withdrawn , on account of the late period of the session , being again brought forward , without any ground assigned , and also at an advanced period of the session . He should therefore negative the motion . introduced a number of new clauses by way of riders . Four of these , supplying omissions of the bill , were read and agreed to . On the fifth being brought up , which went to confer on magistrates the power of allotting at their discretion , to persons giving information of offences against the said act , a part not exceeding one third of the penalty , on conviction , objected to this mode of introducing new provisions into a bill , without affording any opportunity of duly considering them . concurred in the opinion of the hon . gent , declaring that he thought five riders upon