. It shews that the voluntary acts of individuals who , like himself from time to time undertook the duty , were subsequently sanctioned by the court ; and that the law has been , by this means , preserved and improved . But my purpose in referring to it now is , to shew the effect which , according to his account , it has had in forming the law of England.—Lord Glenbervie says , in his preface to the King's-bench Reports , 'The immediate province of the 'courts of justice is , to administer the law 'in particular cases . But it is equally a 'branch of their duty , and one of still 'greater importance to the community , to 'expound the law they administer , upon 'such principles of argument and construetion as may furnish rules which shall govern in all similar or analogous cases . ' 'Such are the various modifications of 'which property are susceptible , so boundless the diversity of relations which may 'arise in civil life , so infinite the possible 'combinations of events and circumstances , 'that they elude the power of enumeration , 'and are beyond the reach of human foresight . A moment 's reflection , therefore , 'serves to evince , that it would be impos- 1081 'sible , by positive and direct legislative 'authority , specially to provide for every 'particular case which may happen . 'Hence it has been found expedient to 'entrust to the wisdom and experience of 'Judges , the power of deducing , from the 'more general proposition of the law , 'such necessary corollaries as shall appear , 'though not expressed in words , to be 'within their intent and meaning . Deductions thus formed and established in 'the adjudication of particular causes , become , in a manner , part of the text of 'the law . Succeeding judges receive 'them as such , and , in general , consider 'themselves as bound to adhere to them 'no less strictly than to the express dictates of the legislature . '—The doctrine here maintained relates to reports which contain the opinion of the judges , with names of each judge prefixed to what , he is reported to have said on the question ; and it is to these opinions , so reported , that so much respect is paid . Those are the opinions which succeeding judges 'receive as text law , and to which they 'consider themselves bound to adhere , no 'less strictly than to the express dictates 'of die legislature . '—A nation where the judicial habit has been thus formed and fixed , can not fail to have advanced as near to certainty and perfection in the distribution of justice as human nature is capable of . To impress this view of the subject , so instrumental in forming the judicial character , so well adapted to fix the principles of law , and so important to substantial justice , I wish to add the eminent authority of sir William Biackstone to that of lord Glenbervie ; an authority which is now canonized by death , for , you know , sir , that by the rules of our courts , you can not quote a living person as a text authority . In the first volume of his commentaries , sir William Blackstone says : 'The decisions of our courts are held in 'the highest regard , and -ire not only preserved as authentic records , but are 'handed to us in the Reports , which form 'the lawyer 's library . These Reports contain the arguments on both sides , and 'the reasons which the court gave for its 'judgment , taken down in short notes , by 'persons present at the determination . 'Besides the reporters , there are the ancient writers on the law , from Glanville 'to lord Coke , all which forms the chief 'corner-stone of the laws of England , preserved in our records , explained in our 'reports , and digested in the authoritative 1082 'writings of the memorable sages of the 'law . '—Biackstone here explains the mode