might rest with safety upon those measures , till more precise information as to the number and discipline of the volunteers under arms should furnish to the 40 legislature more authentic materials than could then be had , there being no immediate communication between government and the volunteer corps as there was now , by means of the inspecting field officers . By means of these officers , the most accurate information was now obtained on these important points , and though the arrangement of so important a matter was full of difficulties , which were enhanced by the labours bestowed on it by his predecessors , and particularly by the able individual who had gone before him , he and his colleagues would be wanting in their duty if they did not turn their attention to it as early as they could , and if they did not bring forward as they now did through him a plan of subsidiary defence . In looking to the amount and description of our army in general , he had already congratulated the house that there was no longer any room for anxiety . In point of number and discipline our army was beyond any thing this country ever enjoyed . To the volunteers he was happy to pay that share in this general tribute , to which the testimony of the inspecting field officers proved them justly entitled . No force was ever better qualified for the immediate defence of the country , none better entitled to its confidence , and as long as they felt inclined , and convenience permitted them , to do duty in the manner they now did , it was impossible he could imagine a force to which he would be more disposed to trust the fate and fortunes of the British empire . He should , however , be wanting in his duty , if he did not look forward to the time when occasions might arise , in which the services of so large a proportion of the community as volunteers , would appear no longer called for by any pressing emergency , This was the crisis which he felt it his duty to provide for , and no time could be so properly selected to make that provision at the present moment , when the volunteer corps were so high in number , zeal , and discipline , when defalcation appeared to be at a great distance , and when the remedy that might be provided for its eventual existence might be matured and perfected before it would be wanted , and might come into operation so gradually and imperceptibly as to create none of those agitations that were unavoidable , when great deficiencies were to be supplied by sudden exertions . If the war should continue very long , or if a peace should be made , the volunteers might in 41 either case return to those domestic habits from which the imminent danger of the country , a call always imperative on Britons , had drawn them forth . This event , whenever it might take place , it was the duty of government to see that the country was prepared for . Hence arose the necessity of proposing a plan that would be equally operative in peace and in war , and the effect of which would be that the country would be at no moment , unprepared . It was better that the attention of parliament should be called to this subject in time of war than in peace , for nothing was more inconsistent with peace , nothing more likely to disturb its tranquillity , or to shorten its duration , than to agitate inquiries , and to be occupied about arrangements connected with war . He supposed no argument was necessary to convince gentlemen of the propriety of making every possible exertion to put our military establishment in the most respectable posture . It was only necessary to look at the state of Europe , to see that by no other means could we be enabled to treat for peace on equal grounds ; and except we