. If you do not , do you imagine , that because you may negative this Petition , they will abstain from urging their claims in future ? If you do , am confident you will be greatly deceived . The right hon . gent . opposite me says , that the late administration , what we call the duke of Bedford 's administration , advised the Catholics to abstain from making this application , or from urging their claims , in any quarter , for the present , because the circumstances of the times were unpropitious for it . I had the honour to fill a situation in Ireland , in the confidence of the government to which the right hon . gent . alludes . I had the honour to be governor in one part of that country , and chancellor of the whole , and must therefore he supposed to possess a good deal of information of what were then the views of government . If I said I had not , I should be making an assertion for which I could not expect to be credited . I have not the least objec- 616 tion to state , all that came to my knowledge on that subject . The Catholics did determine to urge their claims , and the Irish government did make application in England , with a view to learn whether these claims were likely to be conceded , or otherwise . The Irish government received an answer , that it was the opinion of the then administration , that the claims of the Catholics could not be supported to the extent they wished , but that the government here had hopes of doing something for them , in the intercourse with the Catholics , on that occasion—I being a native of that country , and necessarily knowing more of them than the duke of Bedford did—much of the concern was entrusted to me , as to the manner in which these claims should be brought forward , or deferred . It occurred to me to inquire what points would satisfy them , that is , what terms would induce them to forget the right of urging all their claims upon the justice of parliament , for some time to come ; perhaps for the present reign ; and in the course of that inquiry , I think I discovered what points they most immediately laid a stress upon , and the granting of which would satisfy them . These points were , I believe , submitted to his majesty 's government in this country ; but it happened to be the opinion of that government , that even these points could not be carried to the extent which was wished ; and then my noble friend ( lord Howick ) introduced a Bill into this house to enable Catholics , as well as other dissenters from the established church , and of all denominations , to hold commissions in the army and navy . What the fate of that Bill was , every body knows ; but the government of Ireland never told the Catholics , never advised them not to urge their claims when there was any probable chance of their success . But the right hon . gent . says , that the bill introduced into this house by my noble friend ( lord Howick ) would not have satisfied the Catholics , if it had passed into law , in the form in which it was brought forward . I do not know where the right hon . gent , obtained his information , but I deny the truth of it , and I say , that the Catholics did consider it as a measure of great consequence ; and I do say further , that if that bill had been carried through this house , it would have had a good effect on them ; and that for some time afterwards—probably in the present reign—they would not have urged their claims any farther . If they should find 617 an opportunity when they were likely to succeed , they