, if passed , would derange the agricultural system , and change the whole method of cropping . The agricultural interests ought not , surely , to pay for the speculations of the colonists . On these ground ? , he would oppose the measure . With respect to the imputations of the hon . general , he would leave it to others to give him a detailed answer . commented upon the contrast so glaringly manifested between the Report of the committee , and the speech of the noble lord who was its chairman . The Report recommending the measure for Great Britain , at the same time stated reasons conclusive on the impolicy of extending it to Ireland . On that part of the Report he certainly had not a different opinion ; but it was with feelings of surprise he read a following recommendation to that house to restrict the impor- 440 tation of Irish spirits into this part of the kingdom . When such a manifest breach of the articles of the Union was recommended to that house , he could not sit silent without being guilty of that which , he trusted , never would be attributed to him , namely , an abdication of the honour and duty of an Irish representative . It since turned out , that the objection on that ground was removed , and the less one substituted , of extending this ruinous measure to Ireland . The Report itself had furnished the objections to that substitution , and he , therefore , was not a little surprised to hear the chairman of the committee , who drew up that Report , propose a measure against which it so conclusively argued . He felt it his duty to state to the house , that he had alone risen in behalf of the interests of that country with which he was acquainted , and expressed his determination , if it should accede to the motion for going into a committee , to move , as an amendment to the resolution which he presumed would be proposed , to leave out the words 'United Kingdom , ' and substitute , 'Great Britain . ' observed , that gentlemen had alluded to a compromise : he was not aware of any such compromise , nor had his noble friend , as far as he understood him , affirmed that any had taken place . If there had been any compromise , and any discredit attached to it , the hon . general had certainly shewn that he was no party to it , and that none of the discredit would rest with him . He understood his noble friend to have said , that he had postponed the resolutions on the former day , from an idea , arising from the nature of the objections , that a trial ought to be made whether the propositions might not be so framed as to conciliate gentlemen on both sides . But , he certainly had no recollection that his noble friend pretended that he could compromise the matter , nor had he any authority to do so . The hon . general had charged his noble friend with having left the distress of the sugar planters out of the question , though the committee had been expressly appointed to devise a plan for their relief . He did not think that his noble friend had departed from the character or spirit of the Report , for the measure was there recommended only with a view to the diminished supply of corn , and a power was accordingly recommended to be vested in the crown , to stop the suspension when the continuance of it should be inconveni- 441 ent or injurious to the agricultural interests , and not desirable with a view to prevent a scarcity of food . If his noble friend then felt that a notion prevailed , that his design was to remunerate the sugar planters , and to sacrifice the landed to the West Indian interest , was it not expedient that the thing should be placed on its true