the pope a power over the Catholic clergy , and the government no controul over them , then they would in fact be putting the superior orders of clergy under a foreign power , falling under the dominion of France . The Catholics considered amongst themselves , and they determined to give to the government every information upon the subject , and to make their superior clergy subject to the crown . When a Catholic bishop in Ireland dies , the other bishops in that province in which the diocese of the deceased is situated , meet , and conferring amongst themselves , they fix upon three persons , whom they think the most fit to succeed him—They send those names to receive the approbation of the pope ; for , according to the Catholic faith , it is impossible for certain offices to be performed but by appointment from the pope , as if by the immediate delegation of Christ himself . Now , they have agreed , when the names are returned , to send them to the lord lieutenant of Ireland ; and if he should object to all the three , they strike 609 them out , and send other three in their stead , until the king 's approbation of some one of them be received . Even then , they send that name to Rome to receive the approbation of the pope . This , however , is giving the real and effectual nomination to the crown ; and this being the case , will any man say this is cultivating through Rome an intercourse with France for traitorous purposes ? How can they better evince loyalty ? They desire you , too , to superintend the education of their clergy , or ask you to assist them to do it , and yet , after all this you still treat them as aliens , and disaffected persons . It is impossible there can be too much discussion of this question . The real state of it should be understood from the north to the south . If the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , who at present sits so aukwardly between those two champions of the Catholics , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , and the secretary of state for foreign affairs ( Mr. Canning ) , had taken half so much pains to comply with the reasonable desires of that portion of the people , as he took to raise the senseless cry of `` No Popery , '' although he might not now be enjoying the sweets of office , his conscience would probably be more tranquil . But what is conscience to a great statesman ? That right hon . gent . actually fancies he has become a great statesman , and has really raised great ideas in his own mind , as to his qualifications for governing such a country as England . He , no doubt , thinks he is possessed of great knowledge , reflection , and equanimity ; qualities that can not be denied , seeing it has been impossible to provoke him to a single observation . He possesses , I suppose , great knowledge in the history of his own country , and the secret springs which govern the actions of mankind—how to lead men on to victory , and how to conduct the war against France . Weak speculative men have fallen into errors , from which his much-enlightened mind had preserved him . Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Burke , all concurred in a favourable opinion respecting the Catholics of Ireland . But what are they , when compared to the right hon . gent. ? Could such drivellers as these have ever found out the ingenious mode , discovered by the right hon . gent , of increasing the power of the country , and enabling her the better to carry on the struggle against France by excluding from her aid more than one fifth of her population ! I 610 am told that circumstances have not changed . What has become of the