asserted that I unadvisedly entered upon these voyages to . India , and that I did not know I was infracting any general law of the country , but a law partially protecting the India company , who had countenanced and protected me in the very ultimatum of these speculations . I never went clandestinely to India ; I kept no part of my transactions there a secret at home ; all the papers which are upon your table were printed fourteen years ago , and were before the court of appeals , where some of the highest characters then in England sat , and were convened several times on this subject . They saw all the depositions , and must have been satisfied that no idea of smuggling , in the true acceptance of the word , could have existed . When the memorial was presented by me to the lords of the treasury , it was accompanied by all the documents which are before the house , and all that had been admitted at Doctor 's Commons ; it was presented in the administration preceding Mr. Pitt 's last administration ; and certainly under the most inauspicious circumstances , for I was at that moment acting in opposition . The papers were referred by Mr. Serjeant , one of the secretaries of the treasury , to the king 's proctor , and his report was made before the close of that administration ; the king 's proctor had been the proctor of captain Robinson during the whole of his controversy ; he had been his legal adviser from the moment he first seized the Etrusco till the suit was concluded ; and therefore , I contend , that as an honest man , reporting in his official situation , as proctor to his majesty , he should have reported every circumstance which appeared to him derogatory or flagitious in my conduct ; and in point of gratitude to captain Robinson , as his proctor , he should , as far as he conscientiously could , have reported in such a way as to have obtained the greatest remuneration for him and the least for me ; his not having done so , 751 when my political conduct must have been so obnoxious to the then existing administration , is , I submit , a conclusive argument that my claim was just . As to Mr . Constant , he had received in the year 1768 , 10,000l . and in 1800 , 2197l . which sums , with the legal interest to which , in the hands of a merchant , it was justly entitled , would , before I received one farthing , have amounted to 16,000l . and yet I never asked him for a halfpenny , nor did it strike him that it was right to offer me one , during the five years it was doubted whether I should receive a farthing . His plea that I did not pay thirty thousand dollars into the treasury is ridiculous ; because we had more money offered than we could dispose of , as our remittance was so very superior to the public remittance at Canton . Grant all which Mr . Constant claimed , 52,000 dollars , in which is included Piron 's bond , he had but an interest originally , even allowing the highest exchange on his dollars , of about 15,000l . ; and yet he received 16,000l . before I received one farthing . My loss is the ship , which by the papers before the house , is valued at 20,000l . the freight 27,000l . the 19,000 dollars , which is between 5 and 6,000l . and my individual property , schedule B , 10,000l . making in all 63,000l . and what I have received , with what I am to receive , will amount to about 19,000l . ; and as Mr. Charnock was the greatest sufferer by his respondent bonds , I went in 1794 to his executor , and wrote a letter to him , and my own solicitor , as trustees ; agreeing ,