most formidable opponents of the measure might be conciliated by delay and representation , and that substantial good might be done with less difficulty by affording the means of private arrangement , he had put off his motion till this day . This was the sole cause of the delay , which was entirely distinct from ministerial motives . The object of attaining the same good with unanimity , was with him most important . He had , therefore , made the adjournment from yesterday , and he had also made some changes hi the Resolutions he intended to propose , 431 which he had reason to think would render them more generally acceptable . It had been objected by the Irish gentlemen , that the Report of the committee , by proposing to prohibit the importation of Irish spirits into England , went to a violation of the Articles of the Union . As nothing could be further from his wish and the wish of every gentleman of the committee and of the house , than to interfere with this compact in the slightest degree , this prohibition was to be now omitted . The first Resolution he meant now to propose , was , That after the 1st of July , and thence to the 1st of Oct. next , all distillation from corn , grain , flour , meal , & c. should cease throughout the United Kingdom ; and secondly , that it should be lawful for his majesty in council , after Sept. 1st , to continue the restriction till forty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament . Thus , if the ensuing harvest should be a good one , the restriction might expire at once ; if it should not be so , his majesty might continue the restraint till parliament should provide such remedy as its wisdom might think fit . It was intended , also , to reduce the duty on wash made from sugar . These provisions it was proposed should be extended to Ireland . But as his information on the state of that part of the united kingdom was not so complete , he would leave the details of the arrangement , so far as Ireland was concerned , to be afterwards settled and explained . He understood , however , that government had received information from Ireland , stating it to be adviseable to stop the distilleries at present . If after the ensuing harvest Ireland had a superabundance , this country or Scotland could not fail to afford a vent for that surplus . With respect to the West India part of the measure , he did not think it right now to enter into details The committee continued to employ itself sedulously on devising the means of remedying the distresses under which the West India interest unhappily laboured . The distress of the West India interest was urgent , undeniable , and severe . Many who had been till lately opulent , were now in a state of the greatest distress , and the most wealthy were in curtailed circumstances . The supplies sent out to work the estates were still as expensive as ever . He did not think it necessary to argue on the importance of the West India Islands to this country . The present distress of the West India interest arose not from wild speculations , but from the shutting of the 432 continental market , a mischief which England had brought on the colonies , and was therefore in a particular degree called upon to relieve and remedy . The question now before the house was , however , purely a British question . The relief to the West India interest was merely incidental to the primary object of providing a security against the apprehension of scarcity in G. Britain . That this relief to the West India interest could be incidentally introduced , was a great additional recommendation of the measure he intended to propose . He was glad that the measure was at length submitted to the sense of the house . If the restriction