permanent plan of relief , by which any recourse to this measure in future would be rendered unnecessary . He denied that the system of agriculture would be deranged , for the crop of this year was in the ground , and before the next year 's crop could come in , the measure would have answered its purpose , and of course cease . He also denied that the general interests of the country would be at all injured , since the quantity of corn thrown into the market would be so much less than what had been commonly imported . The hon . baronet opposite had not sufficiently distinguished between the effects of a temporary and a permanent measure . He allowed that if the plan was to be permanent , it would be injurious , but no such thing was in contemplation . If agriculture had increased , the population 437 must have kept pace with it , for the importations had not been at all diminished ; and in the present circumstances of the country , we ought not to trust entirely to a future harvest , for making up the supply before derived from foreign countries . While the colonies took goods from the mother country to the value of six millions , while they paid nine millions to the revenue , and while the trade employed 20,000 seamen , sugar had for the last 3 years been selling at a price insufficient to support the expence of cultivation . He referred to the official papers in the Report , in order to shew the mistake of those who imagined that too much sugar was raised . The glut had been occasioned by the stoppage of the foreign market , and the admission of the sugar of the captured colonies into the home market , contrary to the good faith on which our own colonists had rested . He further contended , that there was no intention here to relieve one class at the expence of another . The landholders were in possession of an advantage which the fortune of war had given them , and they ought , out of that advantage , to allow something to other subjects of the empire , on whose interests the war had produced an effect so injurious . had understood that the question had been postponed yesterday , with a view to some compromise , but what that was he was yet to learn , for he saw from the agricultural gentlemen nothing but the most pointed opposition . But he should like to know by whom that compromise was made , or who authorized it ? The committee was no party to such a compromise , and the hon . member for Norfolk had shewn no inclination to come into the noble lord 's proposition . But , after all the delusion and all the clamour that had been excited on this subject , it appeared , from what the noble lord said , that the question was to be discussed without reference to the relief of the sugar planters ! What had the committee been appointed for , but to consider of a mode of affording them relief ? And was he now to abstain from stating their distresses ? The advocates of the high price of provisions refused any relief to the planters till a scarcity should take place , when they would humanely permit them to share the profits they derived from the distress of the country . If the planters were to be relieved only by the calamity of the country , he wished they might be long -without relief . It had been said , that the colonies 438 were well represented in parliament . How did that appear ? There never was any objection to profit by the high duties imposed on their produce . They were valuable as a subject of taxation ; but when they became a subject of legislation , then they were degraded as well as injured ; as in the instance of the bill that passed two years ago . After stating the impossibility that