. Upon the rumour of an internal commotion , or the approach of an invading army , they endeavoured to increase the general disorder instead of feeling an interest in quelling it . The Company have established in part , and propose to institute throughout the Carnatic , a fixed assessment of the landed revenue ; and regular judicial courts , where justice is administered by a person liberally rewarded , and whose honour and interest it is to decide impartially and diligently . This system protects with equal justice the persons and property of individuals against each other and against the government , and will soon substitute the blessings of good order for the miseries of tyranny and injustice . Upon the whole then , sir , I rejoice in the treaty made with Azeem ud Dowlah ; I see that it is justified by the law of nations , that it is in the highest degree beneficial to the Company , and above all , that it dispenses happiness to millions ; I shall therefore cordially vote against the hon . baronet 's motions , and in favour of the previous question and amendment , as proposed by the right hon . gent , who spoke second in the former debate . on his return into the house after this division , observed , that the numbers on his side were so few , that he . should not now proceed to move 798 his other two Resolutions , but would consent to postpone them , if the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Wallace ) would consent to postpone his resolution of approbation . said , that after the complete defeat which the cause of the hon . bart . had sustained , he might well forbear moving any Resolution of approbation ; for what approbation could be stronger than that testified by the majorities with which the hon . baronet 's Resolutions had been rejected ? He saw no reason , however , for entering into any further discussion on a future day ; but would now read the Resolution with which he intended to close the business . It was as follows : `` That it is the opinion of this house , that the marquis Wellesley and lord Clive , in their conduct relative to the Carnatic , were influenced solely by an anxious zeal and solicitude to promote the permanent security , welfare , and prosperity , of the British possessions in India . '' determined not to proceed any further , but moved that the other orders of the day be now read , intimating , that this day fortnight he should move his other two Resolutions . The Chancellor of the Exchequer and sir John Anstruther were perfectly indifferent when the hon . baronet should move them . What had passed in the debate of this night , and in the former debate , had completely shewn how unanswerable were the arguments which had been urged on their side ; and they were confident that when the public saw the state of the divisions , after so many boasts , and so many procrastinations , they would not fail to form a just opinion of die nature of the whole proceeding.—The other orders of the day were then disposed of , and the house adjourned , at three o'clock on Thursday morning . expressed himself altogether averse to the principle of this bill , and was extremely surprized to perceive it was endeavoured to be hurried through the house , when it made so great a grant of public money , and was a subject on which so many various and discordant sentiments had been already delivered . It 799 was a measure instituted without any necessity ; the crown had the power of granting pensions to superannuated Judges already ; and , least of all , did there exist , in the present instance , any shadow of reason for the interference of parliament . The question had been for some time under the consideration of the Finance Committee , and the report had been delayed by some untoward