But these very penal laws are the danger . The county which I inhabit gives a practical contradiction of their utility . There , where the Catholic population so much predominates , that as an enemy , resistance to it would be vain , mutual good will and confidence , between Protestants and Catholics , have suspended the operation of the penal laws . And what was the consequence ? That , during the rebellion and invasion , that county remained tranquil and loyal , and the army was withdrawn from it . But in other parts the spirit of those laws is in full operation . Perpetual jealousy and broils are the consequence , and an iniquitous proscription is exercised . These laws , whilst they exist and take effect , will extinguish toleration in private life , which that illustrious man , Mr. Burke , in his view of this question , considered one of the worst of their consequences . His great friend , Dr. Johnson , also some where distinguishes political from social toleration , and considers the latter as more important : and certainly with justice ; because it mixes more with the transactions of life , and thereby has greater influence on human happiness . But history and experience tell us , that they can not exist separately ; and that , without political , we can not have any security for social toleration . I would therefore implore you to release the Protestant from the deplorable power of tyrannising over his Catholic fellow subject . But above all , let us avoid to impeach our religion , by attributing to its spirit the continuance of these laws . Whilst we are ransacking history , to condemn an intolerant spirit in the church of Rome , let us not , at this enlightened period , justify such a reproach on that church , which sprung from resistance to intolerance . What was the language of a protestant bishop , above a hundred years ago , when Rome was powerful ? Speaking on the toleration act , Burnet says : 'It 'was thought very unreasonable , whilst 'we were complaining of the cruelty of 'the church of Rome , we should fall into 'such practices amongst ourselves ; chiefly 'while we were engaging in a war , in 'which we should need the united strength 589 'of the whole nation . '' I shall leave the application to the gentlemen opposite ; and only call on the house , now that no danger from the power of the Pope can be imagined , not to suffer the remnant of those pernicious laws , any longer to disgrace your statute book . .—Sir ; I will endeavour to detain the house as short a time as possible . But I feel that I should deserve reproach , were I to give a silent vote upon the present occasion . I deprecate and dread the effect on the public mind , of discussing a question of so delicate and important a nature . The question is no other than this : are the catholics of Ireland—four millions of his majesty 's subjects—in a state of freedom or of slavery ? Are they to be considered in a state of proscription ? I can not conceive a question of which the agitation is better calculated to shake our efforts in the common cause . I must , however , do justice to the candour , manliness , and moderation of the right hon . gent , who brought forward the motion ; for certainly the mode in which he delivered his opinions was well calculated to produce a spirit of conciliation . But , however much I deprecate the present discussion , so far from wishing to keep this question out of my view , I shall always adhere to the principles maintained by my late right honourable friend ( Mr. Pitt ) on the subject , and be ready to deliver my opinion whenever it is agitated . The conduct of that great man and his colleagues was very different from that of the gentlemen opposite .