other house of parliament ( lord Hawkesbury ) , are averse from granting any concession whatever to the Catholics , at any time whatever , yet the right hon . gent . will give me leave to tell him , that notwithstanding the present plenitude of his power , the time is coming , and it is not very distant , when the Catholic claims will be conceded , and that perhaps , unanimously ; or something very near it.—But , it has been often said , and said very wisely , because truly , that governments never will learn good sense by experience ; it that can be said of any government in this world , it may 627 well be said of the government of this country , this day . Good God ! when we look back at the history of our own country—when we look at the reign of Elizabeth , with her great constitutional advisers—when we see that in that spirit of concession so much of her power consisted—when we see that the unfortunate Charles refused to concede in time , and although he conceded afterwards more than was asked of him , his concession coming too late , lost its value , and he lost his life—when , I say , we contemplate these things , and look at what is passing now before us , what shall we say of the obstinacy of those ministers who refuse to entertain the present application ? One right hon . gent . has thought fit , to night , as well as at other times , to chastise some persons in this house for acting upon party spirit . That right hon . gent . and myself have differed a good deal in debates in this house ; I have voted often , pretty uniformly , on the one side ; and he as often , and as uniformly , On the other ; and that , perhaps , without either of us being a party man in the reproachful sense of that word . But , whether I ought to be denominated a party man or not , I own that I have what may be called party feelings ; that is , I prefer one set of men to another set of men , because I prefer the principles of one set of men , to those of another , and I have no difficulty in admitting it to be my opinion , that party feeling should exist in this country , and that we should all act as party men , in resisting the measures of others , when we are convinced that such measures are injurious to the true interests of our country ; and I have , in that sense of the phrase , acted as a party man , and have voted with those whose principles appeared to me to be founded on the best maxims of our constitution ; men who have filled a considerable space in the public eye , and whose talents have often been admired in this house , where they have , been strenuously and honourably exerted torso many years . Our ministers profess much earnestness for the true principles of religion , and they must know that 'the service of our Maker , is perfect freedom . ' And yet they desire you not to discuss this subject ! 'Do not discuss this subject , ' say they , 'you should not attempt it , because you know that what you ask can not be granted . You will disappoint the Catholics by it ; and what will be the consequence of that disappointment ? Rage in the breasts of the Catholics . '—Good God ! how often has 628 this senseless answer been given in this house upon other occasions , and how often has the absurdity of it been exposed ! How often have we heard in discussions upon the abolition of that detestable traffic , the Slave Trade , which was so long a stain upon the character of this country , but which , thank God , is no longer