the situation he filled , and the official intercourse he had to maintain . His employment , however , was not such as could be easily filled , as the hon . admiral stated . He had not only the disbursements of the charity to audit , but the accounts of the officers in every department . He had to prepare the estimates , to manage the contracts , and to examine the accounts of all the builders and other tradesmen employed . Besides , to his superintending care of this institution in its infancy , was its present existence owing ; and his continuance in the situation which he held from the beginning , was at the special and stipulated recommendation of the private subscribers , who had contributed 40,000l . to the undertaking . He could not , however , reconcile the zeal of the hon . admiral for economy , and his abhorrence of profusion , with his declaration this night that he should not have thought any thing of the extravagance he arraigned , had the fruits been enjoyed by naval men . supported the motion . He said , an hon . member had given a very comical reason for the appointment of doctor Clarke , viz . that he had good will to the navy . Why , upon the same ground every man should become an auditor , for every one bore good will as well as the good doctor ; it was said , however , that the doctor was concerned 7 the origin of the institution ; aye , so it seemed , for he took especial care , to provide for himself . The good doctor was so fond of charity , that he was determined to follow it in all its branches , and so let it begin at home . It put him in mind of some pious founders of a temple , who , in their great and ardent zeal , made a niche for themselves . But the good doctor was a man of liberal education and therefore fit for the office ! But if every man of liberal education were to put in his learning as a plea , pray how many auditors should we have ? He did not think the general objection to the doctor 's appointment was at all done away by this enumeration of his qualifications . It was said , that it would be a breach of the contract entered into by the founders of this institution with the crown , on its receiving the royal charter . However , that could be no reason why the house should not interfere to remedy an abuse . Gentlemen were however ready to cry out , 'what , do you attempt to throw impediments in the way of good actions ? Will you repress charity ? ' & c. This was not his desire ; he wished to prevent the perversion of charity ; he wished to counteract the injustice of putting a man not in the naval service nor at all connected with it , in the situation purposely formed for the protection of distressed naval characters . observed , that at the commencement of the institution , it was made a point by the founders that Dr. Clarke should be placed in his present office ; and it would be a little hard if he who was himself one of the first founders of this establishment should be himself precluded from all its advantages . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) thought a great point was gained for him by the motion for the residence of spiritual persons in Ireland , since he had found out that Dr. Clarke possessed livings to a great amount . This very bill should set the hon . gent , at ease , for by it Dr. Clarke would be reduced to the dilemma of either relinquishing his valuable livings , or of relinquishing the situation of auditor of the Naval Asylum . said a few words in reply , in which he stated the case of a purser who had