Neither the situation of Ireland , nor that of Europe , had remained unchanged during the last twelve months . The rapid revolution of 646 this awful period outrun the slow deliberations of a temporising and timid policy . That measure which was before expedient , is now become necessary for the common safety . Let it not be delayed until it can be no longer useful . All the dangers , which it is calculated to avert , are at this moment impending over us—all the mischiefs which its suspension aggravates—all the evils which its refusal may render irremediable—are fast accumulating upon the British empire . The lines of circum-vallation are closing round us . Every port in Europe is barred to our commerce . Every nation armed against our existence . The fearful hour of trial is upon us ; requiring all we can command of strength and power , of courage , energy , and virtue . Shall we complain , if in such a moment our fellow-subjects again desire to defend our common country—again entreat that they may partake in our exertions as they must share our danger—and renew their supplication for arms to be used in our cause and theirs , now in the very moment when the trumpet is sounding for the battle ? They have also fresh authority to adduce in support of their request—powerful advocates , whose voice till this hour has never yet been raised in their behalf . Long has that unhappy country been distracted by religious animosity . Too much reason had we formerly to fear that conciliation to one class of our countrymen might to others be matter of offence and jealousy . Even in that state no other course was safe , as none was honourable , but that of equal and impartial justice . But this difficulty is now removed . The Protestants of Ireland desire the repeal of those disabilities which still attach upon their Catholic brethren . No longer confining themselves even to a friendly neutrality , they stand forward in behalf of their fellow subjects , and of their country . In eight or nine counties of Ireland they have testified publicly their anxiety for the success of this Petition . They whose rights these exclusions were supposed to protect , they whose monopoly they were intended to uphold , they come forward now and entreat you to extend to the whole population of your kingdom the inestimable benefit of equal laws . A circumstance of immortal honour to themselves—a pledge , I trust , of lasting union to their country . Under these circumstances , then , of fresh inducement and increased encouragement , with new arguments to your wisdom , with new claims 647 upon your justice , the Petitioners repeat their appeal to this great assembly . And the experience of the last three days has confirmed their anxious hope , that the discussion could be productive only of advantage to the public interests . The motion which I mean to ground upon this Petition is—to refer it , without delay , to a committee of the whole house ; not that I have myself any doubt that we ought to comply with it at once , and to its full extent ; but because it is above all things desirable that the whole subject should be fully and deliberately investigated . Whenever this great measure shall be adopted , let it not be one of hasty and inconsiderate concession , on which the pressure of the times shall stamp the character of weakness ; examine in detail all the bearings of the question ; look into the whole situation of Ireland ; satisfy your own judgments , both as to what you ought to grant , and at what period the concession should be made . Grant it because you think it just to be claimed and fit to be conceded , not merely because you feel it dangerous to be withheld . Consider also with what measures it ought to be accompanied , what course of policy is necessary to render its benefits effectual , what new safeguards