him for the services he would have performed , had he been permitted to give them ; he only demands his percentage upon that sum of money which he has actually put us in possession of.—Sir ; there can be no deceit , no sophistry in this . You have the money , or you have not : prove the latter and his Claim vanishes . But if you admit the former , it is clearly substantiated . Now , sir , if for the sake of argument , I were to suppose that Mr. Palmer had justly incurred his dismissal , and rendered himself incapable of continuing his services to the public , why , sir , even in this view of the affair , the fault would carry along with it its own punishment , for this agreement so links the interests of the public with that of the individual , that the one can not suffer without the other bearing a proportionate participation . If the government did not chuse to continue . Mr. Palmer in office , it was a circumstance much to be regretted ; but still , they had an undoubted right to select their own officers ; and it was at their choice either to retain him or dismiss him . They had the most unqualified right to dispense with his services ; but they could not , in honor , or in equity , dispense with his Agreement ; unless indeed they gave up all the advantages accruing from it , and reverted back to the old injurious system , from which his talents and perseverance had rescued them.—But it seems on the suspension of Mr. Palmer , the government discontinued the usual payment of his percentage , and settled an annuity of 3,000l . upon him for his life . Now , sir , I should be glad to know by what right the original agreement is to be annulled , and this pension foisted on Mr. Palmer in lieu of it ? Did Mr. Palmer consent to this arrangement ? No . Did he accept the 3,000l . a year as a compensation for his percentage ? No . Why then , sir , the contract on his part remains unbroken , and he is entitled to the full and complete benefit of it.—But , sir , the right hon . gent , has stated , that the 3,000l . a year was rather more than the yearly percentage at that time amounted to ; and that it was conceived Mr. Palmer would be a gainer by this arrangement . Now sir , the right hon . gent , must himself be aware of the fallacy of this argument ; because he knew that 248 the revenue which the percentage grew out of , was increasing every hour , and that before the next settlement could arrive , Mr. Palmer 's percentage would overtake and leave behind it this 3,000l . a year which they now hold up as an advantageous settlement to the projector.—Mr . Palmer was aware , that during the infancy of this system his emoluments would be small ; but he looked forward to a progressive extension of them from the increasing commerce of the country , and the facility and convenience which his Plan held out to its correspondence . So , sir , that under these circumstances it is an abuse of words to say that this Treasury manœuvre was played oh ' in kindness or even fairness to Mr. Palmer ; for in right of his Agreement he would at this time be receiving 10,000l . instead of 3,000l . a year , and this fact is at once the strongest and most incontestible proof of his merit and ability.—But sir , I blush to say , that it was the extent of Mr. Palmer 's success , and the almost incredible emoluments arising to government from his scheme , that precluded him from the benefit of his contract . Had Mr. Palmer succeeded in a smaller degree he had been safe , and had five or six other projectors succeeded afterwards in