malevolent misrepresentations , dictated by pique , selfish motives , or religious prejudices ; and the divisions which may arise between the different orders of the clergy must infuse new vigour into sectarism , which will naturally derive an accession of strength from a weakened and degraded establishment ; and that a bill therefore whose manifest tendency is thus materially to depress and impoverish the regular clergy of this land , they can not but consider as impolitic as well as unjust , since the same stroke which is inflicted on them must through their sides wound , if not destroy , every other superior order of the state ; and ( hat they therefore presume to hope that the present situation of curates , where it is found inadequate to their services , will be suffered to receive that progressive amelioration which the present course and operation of circumstances are daily producing in their favour . `` —Ordered to lie upon the table . , after a short statement of the object of his motion , moved a Resolution of the house , that in all Bills of inclosure , draining , & c. in which his majesty 's interests , either in 260 right of the crown or of the duchy of Lancaster were concerned , a clause should be introduced for the purpose of enabling the surveyor-general of the Crown Lands , or the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster , to appoint a commissioner to superintend the carrying of the bill into effect as far as related to his majesty 's rights . did not think a sufficient ground had been laid for a resolution which , in his opinion , went to impose unnecessary expence and inconvenience upon the parties to bills of enclosure . No instance of injury having been done to his majesty 's rights had been stated by the hon . gent . He wished the motion could be deferred until the country gentlemen , who were those most nearly interested , should receive information upon the subject . replied , that many instances had occurred in which the interests of the crown had been sacrificed from the want of such a clause in bills of enclosure . He particularised one of these instances in the enclosure at Sherwood Forest . As to inconveniencing the parties to such bills , the fact was , that at present where his majesty 's interests were concerned , a bill of inclosure could not be introduced in the house without the previous consent of the crown ; the resolution which he proposed tended therefore to diminish this obstacle . contended , that if the interests of the crown had in any case been sacrificed as the practice now stood , it must have been owing to the negligence of the surveyor general of Crown Lands , and surveyor-general of woods and forests , whose peculiar duty it was to examine bills of inclosure , that they might not trench on his majesty 's rights . He could not give his consent to the Resolution , because it would load the parties to inclosure bills with a heavy expence , without at all benefiting the interests of the crown . spoke to a similar effect . supported the resolution , and sir J. Newport opposed it . defended the Resolution . The interests of the crown and the interests of the public were one and the same ; and any measure that tended to protect the one in this instance must tend to protect the other . He conceived , that the adoption of the Resolution , besides affording an additional security to the interests of the crown , would relieve those who had those interests more immediately in their care from what was 261 frequently a very painful duty . The Resolution was then put and agreed to . then rose , and addressed the chairman nearly as follows : —Sir , in consequence of the notice which I gave yesterday , I rise to propose to the committee certain Resolutions , for the purpose of enabling persons possessing stock in the 3 per cents