who really suggested and brought about this change—I mean Mr. Knight . Nay , in one instance , pains are taken , most unjustly to detract from his merit : the commissioners compute the saving to the public from this source , to be about 8000l . per annum , from which too they state some drawbacks : whereas it is evident , that in consequence of the system of stoppages and arrangements established by him , the saving is not only what they compute it to be , but also such as to cover such contingent expences formerly defrayed by the public , making on the whole , even on their own data , an annual saving of upwards of 40,000l . There are one or two other points in which I think the same injustice has been done to Mr. Knight , The commissioners take great credit to themselves for having detected various abuses in Plymouth hospital ; whereas this gentleman had , with great pains and assiduity , laid open all the frauds of that 641 hospital as long as above two years ago , at the desire of the commissioners for auditing the public accounts . He undertook the task , though foreign from the duties of his office , and I have myself seen their letter of thanks to him of the date of the 6th June , 1806 , thanking him for the care with which he had done it . Again , with respect to the accounts of Chatham hospital , though he receives no credit for detecting the abuses of Plymouth hospital , a direct censure is cast upon him for not having gone through the Chatham accounts ; when in truth those accounts have never to this moment been put into his possession in such a state as to enable him to examine and audit them.—Sir , these are the observations which I wished to make . I thank the house for their indulgence ; but I have thought it quite necessary that they should be made , to rescue from unmerited censure a gentleman , who is a most zealous , active , and meritorious servant of the public ; who has sacrificed a great portion of his professional advantages in the public service , whose health has been impaired by his labours , and who has , I am sure , always endeavoured , and , I believe , with effect , to perform his duties to the satisfaction of his employers , and to the advantage of the country . stated , that the lords of the treasury had the intention of taking some steps in consequence of the Report alluded to by the noble lord ; and that they were already aware of the circumstances to which he had called his attention . They had , accordingly , referred parts of the Report to the War-office for further information ; and as they were aware that great injustice would be done to individuals if the opinions of the Commissioners were wholly adopted , the noble lord might be sure due caution would be observed before any steps were taken . He concluded by bearing testimony to Mr. Knight 's exertions . said , that he was fully aware of the advantages which the public had derived from various alterations suggested by Mr. Knight , and adopted under his directions . spoke likewise to the zeal and constant attention to his public duties which had always actuated Mr. Knight . He had known him for many years , and was sure that he was a meritorious servant of the public.—Mr . Vansittart and Mr. Calcraft said a few words.—Mr . Rose gave notice that on Monday 642 he should move for some accounts which would tend to elucidate the Report alluded to ; and entirely concurred in what had fallen from the noble lord . proposed to refer to a Committee the Account presented yesterday , relative to the amount of Mr. Palmer 's per-centage on the revenue of the Post-office . His motive in making this reference was , that he feared the return overrated what was