; but the balance due to them from government turning out to be larger than was imagined , and the company 's affairs assuming a more favourable aspect , as far as related to their sales at home , he 1056 had now no hesitation in declaring , that his decided opinion was that the company could go on very well without further assistance until the reassembling of parliament . He had therefore not felt authorised to come to parliament for any further aid during the present session . Whether parliament would be called upon in the next session for further aid he knew not , but if they were , he thought they would do well , not merely to consider the pecuniary circumstances of the company , at the time when such aid might be required , but to look into all the bearings of their affairs , and to consider how far such aid might be accompanied by regulations , which would place the company in a better situation than that in which they were now placed.—The amendments were then agreed to , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . after enumerating the various measures that had been adopted and recommended for the relief of the West India interest , and commenting upon their value and efficacy , moved , pursuant to his notice , `` That the house do resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to take into consideration the second and third Reports of the West India committee . '' rose to second the motion , and regretted that it should have been made in so thin a house , as the subject was of sufficient importance to entitle it to a fuller attendance . regretted that the hon . gent , should , at this stage of the session , have thought proper to bring forward a question of this description . The hon . gent. , from his speech , seemed to have brought forward the motion with a view to give himself an opportunity of stating that the measures which had been taken for the relief of the West Indies were not effectual to their object . The right hon . gent . then entered into a statement to shew that the measures adopted would be beneficial to the West India interest , and cautioned them against importuning the house with their case lest they might indispose it towards their relief ! and the Chancellor of the Exchequer opposed the motion , on account of the protracted period of the session , and thought the measures already adopted would be sufficient till next session . said , that although neither his eyes nor his ears had been gratified in the present debate , ( the thin attend- 1057 ance on a subject so interesting being matter of almost as much discouragement as the expressions which he had heard from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) ; yet that he was not one who would undervalue what had been done towards the relief of the colonists in the present session . The permission to use Sugar in the Distillery , for a time however short , must add to the consumption of that article and open another market for it . The Regulation , of the Duty on Spirits he had not at first seen in the important light in which it now appeared to him ; but as it took away from spirits imported , what is called the Privilege of Escape ( or a remission of duty on the overproof strength as far as ten gallons in the hundred ) and , as he was satisfied upon enquiry that all the brandy and foreign spirits were contrived to be escapes , while a very inconsiderable part of the Rum imported was of that description the Regulation must in fact prove a tax upon foreign and consequently an encouragement to the consumption of colonial spirits . He could not see what objection there was to the carrying this principle farther , in compliance with the recommendation of the