right hon . gent . however , said there was a great saving , from his mode of contracting for the loan . There was so , as the right hon . gent . conceived it , but not as he ( Mr. T. ) viewed the question . There was , undoubtedly , a saving as to the one per cent . if the loan had been negotiated in the three per cents . ; but , if this measure had been adopted , to answer the one per cent , there would have been a saving of 30,000l . per ann . As the bargain was , however , he again congratulated the right hon . gent , on the terms on which it had been contracted ; and he congratulated the country on the pleasing consideration that there were men in it disposed to shew such confidence in the country as to conclude a loan on such terms . alluded to the terms on which the two funds might be redeemed ; and argued , that the bidding in the four per cents , was , from that single circum- 767 stance , more advantageous to the country . He also argued , that by this mode , the sinking fund for the next year would be encreased rather than decreased , and would amount to 1–55th part of our whole debt . He stated , as the advantage to be derived from this circumstance in providing for the exigencies of the country , and of course lessening the deprivations to which the people were obliged to submit , that , where we formerly borrowed money at the rate of 8l . 7s . per cent , we now borrowed it at the rate of 4l . 14s . ; so that there was here a saving of upwards of 3l . per cent , per annum.—After some further conversation between sir John Newport , Mr. Huskisson , and Mr. Tierney , the Resolution was agreed to . was speaking . He had no objection to come to issue this or any other night upon any charge the right hon . gent , or any other person , might have to prefer against lord Wellesley . He would not sit silent when it was insinuated that his noble relative or his friends wished to stifle inquiry . It was no evidence of a disposition to blink the question , that lord Wellesley 's friends were desirous to come to the vote without provoking a fresh debate . The debate on the former night had closed with a speech from an hon . member ( colonel Allan ) , who had been an eye-witness of the transactions in the Carnatic , and who was in no way connected with lord Wellesley , declaring the whole of the matter contained in the charges to be gross and unfounded calumnies . In the full confidence not only of the innocence , but of the highly meritorious conduct of lord Wellesley , he was ready to 768 meet any thing that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) had to urge , however awful it may be to contend with the great talents and eloquence of that right hon . gent , matured and methodized on this question by a six years preparation . He knew the magnitude of the powers he should have to contend with , but in the cause of truth he should not be deficient in boldness . He knew he expressed himself warmly on this subject ; but during the last six years , and more particularly during the last three years , he had exhibited , as every one must allow , no small stock of patience . He did not pretend to be so callous as not to feel indignation when the hon . baronet who brought these charges said , that lord Wellesley 's conduct in India had been such as to convince him that no man could retain honour or honesty in that country . The hon . baronet , in thus expressing himself , only used his parliamentary