great objection which he entertained to the bargain which has been made with the Bank by government , he said , arose from a conviction of the impolicy of renewing the Charter so long as the restriction of cash payments continues , for so long as the Bank are relieved from the necessity of paying their notes in specie , they are at liberty to issue any quantity of them they think proper , and to give the Bank of Ireland any greater powers in this respect , or to relieve them from the control which parliament possesses 833 over them , in consequence of the short period their present charter has to run , is a most unwise proceeding ; because it can not be forgotten , that it is not long ago since their paper was depreciated in its value full 10 per cent. , and because there is a Report of a committee of this house , in which it is proved , that this depreciation was the cause of the high rates of exchange which , for a few years , existed between England and Ireland . He wished therefore to see this house keeping in its own hands the controul that the power of granting or refusing a renewal of the charter , gives it over the Bank ; and with such ample experience of the ill effects of an excessive issue of paper , to act with all due caution in acceding to the terms which have been entered into between the bank and the right hon . gentleman . inquired into the state of the Collectors Balances . Last year they had increased 60,0001 . He did not attach blame to this circumstance , but he wished to know what prospect there was of their being reduced . replied , that every regulation on that subject had been hitherto enforced without effect . All possible steps were now taking to reduce the balances , and he had great hopes that before the next meeting of parliament that object would be in a great measure accomplished.—The house having resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . objected to the measure , as calculated to interfere without any cause , with the property of the Church , which was as well entitled to the protection of the law as any other , and likely to affect the independence of the Church , as well as to countenance unfounded clamours against beneficed clergymen . supported the general principle of the bill , inasmuch as it went to provide an adequate income for the resident officiating clergyman . Residence was the duty of the Rector , and it was due to the parish , that the officiating clergyman should have a sufficient provision to enable him to live as ; a gentleman . If the rector accepted a second benefice , it could not be a hardship upon him to make a proper allowance to the curate , who discharged the duty in the parish in which be did not reside . considered the bill a direct violation of property , which had ever been respected . The stipend of a curate had , about twelve years since , been fixed at 75l . per ann . This should be the model of any change which might hereafter become necessary . In the present instance , he saw no reason for this dangerous encroachment on property . The stipend of 200l . would often be the greatest injustice to the clergy , who were the original proprietors , and sometimes it would be found to exceed the trouble of the situation . To attack the vital principles of property , in this way , was to imitate the worst acts of the worst period of the French Revolution . But why should this system of robbery be directed only against rectorial property ? If it were necessary to increase the salaries of the lower orders , why not do so at the expense of the bishops , deans , and chapters ? It was a petty fear of offending them ; and the bill