a stronger disposition in the country than at present , to adopt measures necessary for its safety , and yet the power of France was nothing then compared with what it was at this moment . He could in no way explain this phenomenon , except upon that principle of confidence arising from the presumed extinction of the naval power of France . Sheltered behind our wooden walls , as they were called , we seemed to deride the dangers by which we were threatened . But this was a security , upon which implicit reliance was not to be placed . The most experienced military characters allowed that it was possible for the enemy to land a large force , in more parts than one of the country . To oppose any attempt of this kind , we should always have such a military force on foot , as would preclude the enemy from the possibility of success . We should possess such a species of internal force as might operate as a discouragement to descent , and make success , humanly speaking , impossible . When nations endeavoured to overthrow each other , their chief instruments were regular armies , but on such occasions the power assailed had a very great advantage over the assailant . The former , in addition to its regular force , might avail itself of its population , in the same manner as , in a siege , the commander would sometimes call the inhabitants to his assistance in the defence of the place . Considering the strength and acrimony of the enemy with whom we had to contend , we should neglect nothing which might conduce to our security . The whole population of the country should , as far as possible , be trained to the use of arms ; and here it might be said , the plan of his noble friend did not come up to his ideas . He regretted that it did not . The principle and foundation of the measure was good , but it was not sufficiently spacious or comprehensive . It was desirable that a great part of the population should be put into such , a degree of training , as would qualify it to be incorporated with the regular army in case of exigency , and that we should have at the same time a great regimented force . This , as well as he understood it , was the 111 principle of his noble friend 's plan , which , he was sorry to find , it was not his intention to carry to the extent which he himself thought necessary . Perhaps , however , when it should come to be farther developed , it might be made to come nearer to the system he had taken the liberty of recommending . He could not help regretting that his noble friend did not feel himself warranted to call upon the people to come forward in their own defence ; to remind them of the victories and triumphs of their ancestors ; to represent to them the imminent and hourly increasing dangers with which they were threatened ; and , by a vigorous appeal to their patriotism and their spirit , to rouse them to rush forward to defend and uphold the liberties , the honour , the interest , and the security of the country . The plan , however , as far as it went , met his entire approbation , He also approved highly of the plan of defence proposed by another noble lord ( the earl of Selkirk ) , and wished it was carried into effect . The volunteers were not interfered with by the present measure , which went only to provide a supply in the event of their falling off . Every one who had considered the subject allowed the difficulty of keeping up a great standing army in time of peace . It therefore became necessary to have a large subsidiary force , which might , if necessary , be easily transferred to the regulars . A varied force was fittest for this