a loan , and his reason was , that if the credit of the Company was sound , they might borrow money upon it without coming to parliament : another reason was , that after all the promises as to the assistance they would be enabled to give the public , they had never advanced more than 500,000l . for that purpose . He 77 should be glad to find by the Report of the Committee that the affairs of the Company were in a flourishing condition ; but he confessed he saw no good ground for anticipating so fortunate a result . stated that the Company had a right , by act of parliament , to increase their capital to a sum equivalent to four millions , and last year parliament authorised them to issue bonds to one half that amount , he considered this application as similar to that of last year . The Company now had a right to demand a debt of 1,200,000l . from the public , and after that was satisfied , they were well entitled to claim a loan of an equal amount . He thought it was dealing hardly with the Company to make statements merely on presenting a petition , before any documents were laid before the house , and he therefore considered the observations of his hon . friends as premature . No one knew what calamities might fall on the country from this great body being involved in distress . A strong disposition existed out of doors to get rid of the charter of the Company ; and though many might think this a proper-occasion to introduce that favourite subject , he thought it would be time enough to do so hereafter , and when that day came he knew the opinion he should give . No one , however , could say , that this act was a forfeiture of the company 's charter ; and after they had abstained so long , from pressing their just claims on the public , it seemed rather a hard return to raise a clamour against them as persons suing parliament for gifts . With respect to the speculations and promises of two noble lords ( Melville and Castlereagh ) , that the Company would realize such magnificent schemes , he had only to observe , that it was the noble lords , and not the Company , that had made these promises ; and therefore the company could not fairly be charged with a breach of faith . He could not consider this money as a gift , and if it could be shewn , that the state of the Company required such assistance , he would join with those who thought it better to abolish the Company altogether . This was a great commercial body , labouring under distress not brought upon them by vice or mismanagement , but by the state of the world ; and they merely required that relief which government would give to any commercial men under similar difficulties , and which had been done some years ago with advantage to the public as 78 well as the merchant . He concluded , by expressing his wish , that the affairs of the Company might undergo a complete investigation . observed , that the East India company had not come , as some gentlemen imagined , to ask the house for any indulgence but such as had been granted to other mercantile companies , and on former occasions to themselves . They had , some years ago , applied for and obtained similar relief , which they had invariably returned to the public ; and he could not see why they should now be refused assistance , when they shewed the same grounds for it , and had kept their faith so well on former occasions . He denied in strong terms that there had been any attempt on the part of the Company to delude the public , or to keep from them a fair state of their affairs , and deprecated the ingrafting on this subject the question of the policy of throwing