hesitate before it granted pensions to persons in the situation of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland , who , it appeared , were not men who had quitted great professional practice and emolument to become Judges , but were , generally speaking , men to whom it would , from their former habits of life , be an object , on account even of the emolument , to be appointed to such an office . But still , he could not agree with the doctrine that it was expedient that Judges should be allowed to retire on their salaries , or rather with pensions , after a certain number of years service . Why was not a Judge sufficiently recompenced for the discharge of his judicial functions at the time he performed them ? If he was not so , he wished to know why that was not the case , and why adequate provisions against the ordinary chances of declining years or health were not made in their annual salary ? He could easily see how , from the adoption of a contrary practice , abuses might creep in . If at one time , a good ground for granting a pension of this kind chanced to occur , that would , on every future occasion , be esteemed sufficient , even where there was no propriety whatever in the grant . He often heard gentlemen on the ministerial side of the house call upon those on the side on which he sat for parliamentary grounds , for any proposition submitted by them . He did not see that there was any such ground for the proposed measure , and he should not do his duty if he did not oppose it . He protested against the idea of liberality , when such liberality was to be shewn by grants out of other people 's pockets . supported the motion for going into a committee , and Dr. Laurence opposed it ; when the house divided , objected that the crown had already a sufficiency of funds in its hands for carrying into execution the measure now proposed . He thought it would have the effect of liberating too great a fund of patronage to the crown , independant of the pensions which already existed . Perhaps it was not generally known , that in Scotland , during his present majesty 's reign , the pension-list had been increased eight-fold . There was no limit to it as there was to the pension-list in England . It was , indeed , unlimited , and was only bounded by the surplus revenue . He was , therefore , of opinion , that the house should stop till it saw whether this additional power was required to be granted to the crown . As to the barons of exchequer , they seemed to him to be rather a board of revenue than of justice , and for the remuneration of revenue officers , there were unquestionably already sufficient funds in the hands of the crown . The honourable member stated afterwards the amount of pensions in Scotland to be at present upwards of 40,000l . whereas , at the commencement of his majesty 's reign , they did not exceed 5000l.—After a pretty long discussion , in which the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Dundas , the Lord Advocate , and Solicitor General for Scotland , supported the motion ; and Dr. Laurence , Mr. W. Smith , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Windham , & c. opposed it ; the committee divided : Ayes 80 ; Noes 31 . Majority 49. opposed the motion , as his objection to the bill was radical , and was not confined to any of its provisions . He understood that the sum to be produced by it , and to accrue to the Consolidated Fund , in consequence , was about 100,000l . It was well known , both from the Report of a former Committee of Finance , and 121 from other documents , that from the demised hereditary revenues of the crown , a sum equal to this might be