make no further comment . The honourable gentleman has asserted that a bribe had been offered to admiral Robinson to relinquish the capture ; I can only say , I never heard of this extraordinary circumstance till this night ; nor can I imagine that any person was so much interested in the ship and cargo as myself , or could possibly have been justified in advancing so extravagant a proposition ; and this was my reason for not denying it.—I now , sir , come to the charge of smuggling , so unwarrantably asserted by the hon . gent . : and I must deny , in the most unqualified manner , that the least article of the cargo was landed in Ireland . I trust the house will allow me to read a letter from the reverend Mr. Tisdale , the magistrate of Crookhaven , who has also written in similar terms to the hon . member for Cork . I referred to Mr. Tisdale for all the information he could procure , on the subject of the charge of smuggling in Ireland , and this was his reply : —'My 'dear sir ; my being absent from home 'these five weeks past prevented me from 'receiving your favour of the 18th ultimo 'till this morning , and I lose not one moment in answering it , as well to comply 'with your request , as to gratify my own 'feelings in rendering you every service ' ( if it is any ) in my power . The charge 'brought against you as far as relates to 'Ireland has surprised me very much . If 'any thing of the kind had occurred , I 'must , most assuredly , have known it , from 'the close intimacy that subsisted at the 'time between us ; but so far from your 'having disposed of any thing in Ireland , ' I have known you to reject several considerable offers made to you by different 'persons to induce you to dispose of teas , 'or any other article you might have had 'on board ; nay so very cautious were 'you , that I confess I found myself disappointed in being refused by you as much 'as one or two boxes of tea for Mrs. 'Tisdale . I was present when , immediately on your arrival here , you issued 'the most positive orders both to the 'officers and crew of the L'Etrusco , on no 'account whatever to attempt to dispose 'of any article , even of their private property ; which order was , I believe , most 'rigidly observed . I went round to Cork 'with you in the ship , and staid with you 'until the vessel had cleared that harbour ; 'during the whole of which time I can safely and conscientiously , I think , assert 747 'that not one pound of tea or any other 'article was taken out of her . Your innocence of the charge brought against you 'here , appears so clear to me , that I should 'feel great satisfaction , as far in me lies , 'in any act of mine that would tend to 'your justification in the opinion of the 'public , as well as that of your friends ; 'and should you think that any other 'light can be thrown on the business by 'me , I have to request you may command 'my services , I am , dear sir , with great 'regard , very truly yours , Fitzgerald Tisdale . Crookhaven , March 8th , 1808 . I 'write by this post to my friend , colonel 'Longfield , one of the representatives for 'the city of Cork , on this subject . ' Now , sir , if there was any thing in the character of the voyage which led to a suspicion that smuggling was its object , I do submit to the house , whether Crookhaven , where there was no custom house officer for a considerable time , and where such offers were made as would tempt any man to sin , was not the place to have