the report was immediately received , when proposed that the bill be recommitted , and an instruction be given to the committee to divide the bill , in order that the part which provides for the protection of the authors might be passed now , and the other might lie over for consideration , though he did not think there was much weight in the objections made to that part which required that a copy of every new publication should be supplied to all libraries open to the public . This would not be a hardship to authors , because this was what was required of them by the 8th of Anne , in return for the advantage they derived from the copy- 990 right secured to them by that act.—On the question that the bill be recommitted , after stating his several objections to the bill , moved that the further consideration of the report be postponed until this day three months . agreed in the proposition of the attorney general . He thought that the present criterion of the duration of the author 's copyright was a very fallacious one ; namely , the life of the author ; and required much consideration . But as to the other part of the bill , which required the delivery of a copy of each work to be published , to every library open to the public , it was only to carry into effect the spirit of the act of the 8th of Anne . He therefore thought that the bill ought to be separated , in order that this latter part should be passed , whilst the more delicate and difficult part should be suffered to lie over till next session . regretted that it was now proposed to pass that part of the measure which was the most objectionable , or rather the only objectionable part of it . The system of copyright established in this country , made the public , instead of any individual , the patrons of literature ; and this , with a view to independence of sentiment , and just thinking , was an inestimable advantage . It was certainly highly expedient that the libraries of the different Universities should be properly provided with books ; but he was astonished that it should be proposed to lay a tax upon authors for that purpose , which the public at large did not bear . There were many works which cost 50 guineas a copy ; and was it not monstrous that the authors and publishers should be taxed to the amount of 550 guineas , by being obliged to give away eleven copies ? The fact was , that such works , from the expence attending them , were in no danger of being pirated , no person being able to enter into competition with them , or to deprive them of the benefit of copyright therein . It was for the interest of the public that the Universities should be supplied with books ; but let that be done at the expence of the public , and not of individual authors . There were other works , however , of great sale and merit , though cheap , to which the contribution of eleven copies would be easy ; but he should certainly propose , that expensive works , where the publisher was not anxious about their copyright , should be exempted from this contribution . said , he had no objection to a clause making such a distinction . saw no reason for delaying any part of the bill , and contended that the bill was only a confirmation of the act of queen Anne , which had not been acted upon of late years , in consequence of a doubt being suggested in point of form , as to the efficacy of the act itself . observed that the bill , as it first stood , embracing both objects , was unobjectionable . But he contended that , if it were to be divided , it would be objectionable in point of precedent , because it would separate the