the same proportion up to the present revenue , their separate obligations would all have been thankfully discharged , and the government have congratulated themselves on such provident bargains . But , sir , because one man undertakes a hopeless reform , and after succeeding in defiance of all calculation , carries the revenue he has so reformed , to the climax and acme of perfection , the ministers find out that it is excessively presuming that any one man should dare to make such an impertinent display of his genius and talent , and therefore he is to be paid , not for what he actually has done , but for what it was supposed he might be able to do . During the time this plan was on its trial and its success deemed chimerical , the projector had singly to encounter all the expence , trouble , and fatigue , together with such a hydra train of difficulties as would have driven almost any other man to have thrown up the contract in despair ; in the mean time , the government , who were to reap almost the exclusive benefit of his exertions , suffered under none of these vexations , unless in their own imaginations.—But sir , when the persevering ability of Mr. Palmer had triumphed over every obstacle , and crowned his Herculean labours with 249 success , then the government awaken from their idle visions of apprehension , to the solid and absolute enjoyment of an immense revenue , while Mr. Palmer , in his ruined fortune and impaired health , feels the reality of the evils he had to contend against ; and the promised reward of his toils , the honest and hard earned fruit of his ingenuity , eludes his grasp , and leaves him only the heart-rending reflection , that his confidence in the word of a minister , his imprudence in imagining that the public faith pledged by him , was an obligation as valid as the written contract of any other individual , have subjected him to this mass of injury and oppression.—But , it is said , Mr. Pitt decided on these Claims . Mr. Pitt was a party concerned . Nor can I ( greatly as I esteemed him ) surrender my judgment , in a case where the aid of common sense is alone necessary to form it , even to him.—But , sir , it is plain from Mr. Pitt 's conduct , and from his Evidence , that he was not satisfied with himself . It is plain he attempted to persuade himself , that by the mode adopted , he was not doing injustice to Mr. Palmer ; but he did not succeed . Perhaps this is some excuse to his zealous partizans , whose feelings may be not quite so nice , for their conduct and language tonight.—Sir ; there has been an objection urged this night in opposition to the Claims of Mr. Palmer , which I can scarcely conceive the right hon . gentleman serious in offering to the consideration of a British house of commons ; namely , the amount of those Claims . Sir , the sum mentioned , 100,000l . has no other foundation but in the unworthy motive of deterring gentlemen by its amount from supporting the motion . Surely it is enough that we have so long withheld from an individual that which is so honestly his due : but that we must make the very extent of this injury a pretence for further injustice ! As well might the mortgager who neglects the punctual discharge , of his obligation , resist the settlement of the arrears on the ground of its accumulation . Why , sir , in fairness and inequity , Mr. Palmer has the most unqualified right to the compound interest upon the money so unjustly detained from him ; and I assert , without the fear of contradiction , that an English jury would award it to him.—The right hon . gent , has also expressed his apprehension , that if this Claim is once admitted , no future