had spoken first in debate , and he regretted much that his duty obliged him to differ in opinion from one he so highly esteemed and venerated . But he was conscientiously bound to declare that he was inimical to the principle of the present bill . He could not consider the relief given to the curate as permanent ; the rector might return to perform his duty , and then the increased salary of the curate would be taken from him , and he must return to his 1090 former poverty , which would not be doing a benefit , but an injury , to that class of the profession ; so that , on their account , he did not approve of the measure . He did not perceive that any notice was taken of curates appointed by lay impropriators , who were equally worthy of the attention of the legislature . He did not know that any complaint had been made by curates themselves , nor had any petition been presented , stating such grievances to that house ; and he hoped to be informed by two right rev . prelates from Ireland , then present , if they knew that such a proceeding would meet with the approbation of the Irish clergy . His lordship concluded by moving , `` That the Bill be read a second time this day three months . '' rose for the purpose of making a few observations , in respect to what had been stated by the noble viscount , concerning the situation of distressed curates . Two years ago he had interested himself on that subject , and had received nearly two hundred letters from persons of that class of the profession , but he had now lost them ; but there were statements amongst them , which would have caused a benevolent heart to bleed . One of these letters accidentally was preserved ( his lordship here read it ) ; it stated that the rector possessed 1000l . a-year , and did no duty ; he himself , the curate , had every Sunday to perform at three places of public worship ; he had a family to support , and his salary was altogether 64l . a year . His lordship also mentioned , that a clergyman once came to his house , and appeared before his son , who performed the duties of a magistrate , and the nature of his statement was , that he was a curate in a parish , not far distant , the rector allowed him 50 guineas a-year , but he took care to deduct five guineas annually to pay that proportion of his income duty ; and the commissioners , knowing he had 50 guineas salary , ordered him to pay another five guineas for his own property tax , so that he was in the actual enjoyment of no more than 40 guineas per annum . The noble earl expressed himself friendly to the principle of the bill . considered the present measure calculated to create great dissatisfaction and uneasiness amongst the beneficed clergy . He did not conceive that its advocates had made out a case , or that any evil was proved , calling for a remedy which so vitally affected the 1091 security of church property . The danger of such a precedent might unhappily be felt in future times ; and it was impossible , in such a contemplation , not to advert to the case of a compliance with the Catholic petitions—an occurrence to which he was by no means friendly . It was also to be recollected that advowsons were now bought and sold in the same manner as any other negociable property . With what justice then , could the legislature call upon a beneficed clergyman , who had bought his living at a calculation of having the services of a curate at a certain price , to pay a still larger sum ? Surely , it was in such a case no slight violation of the security of property . His lordship concluded by expressing his determination to vote