vote for it ; at this rate every question on which the house is unanimous must be a party question : but because members of a particular party vote for it and those only ; and even then nothing is thereby decided as to the merits . I should have thought , indeed , that gentlemen on the other side would not have been so fond of describing as a party question , a question in which they have been five times beat , but would have been willing to allow something to the merits of the case , instead of ascribing the whole to the strength of their adversaries . Whatever their wish , however , may be , or whatever , and with more reason , might be our wish , the fact is , that the triumph of Mr. Palmer has not been the triumph of a party , but a triumph of truth and justice . And how indeed in the nature of things could it be otherwise ? What possible means has Mr. Palmer of engaging in his favour the sentiments of the house of commons , but through the medium of the opinion which they may entertain of the merits of his case ? What boons has he to dispense ? What patronage does he possess ? What 'advancement ' docs any one 'hope from him , who no revenue hath but his good spirits ; ' either to serve his friends or to contend against his enemies ? The hon . gent . will perhaps tell me , that the case , which I had myself alluded to , of the duke of Athol , afforded an instance which I at least can not dispute , where money had been voted to an individual , upon grounds not very satisfactorily made out . But the hon . gent . must not forget one circumstance , that the noble duke in question , to say nothing of his superior rank and station and numerous connections , before he convinced the house had succeeded in convincing the minister . Nobody ever denied , that the influence possessed in some cases by individuals might be sufficient to gain the assistance of a minister ; or that the opinions of a minister might have some 1021 weight in determining the judgment of the house . The question is , what could an individual do , powerful as he might be , without that assistance ? I have heard of a man who having made a bet that he and his companion would eat some extraordinary quantity of peaches , when the day came and his friends were in despair , changed all the odds in his favour by tendering for his companion a lean sow . It would be no wonder , if with such an associate , the bet was won with ease . But what would the eater have done without his friend ? What would the duke of Athol have done without the minister ? And still more , what could Mr. Palmer have done , supposing his cause to have been a bad one , not only without the minister , but with the minister straining every nerve , and calling out 'party question ' against him ? I suppose an instance could hardly be found , even in the compass of a period as long as that which the hon . gentleman has taken for his precedents , where a question had been decided bearing such certain marks of the real sense and genuine conviction of the house . Yet this is the decision , which we are now called upon to rescind , and in the circumstances which have been described . It is not an appeal from a thin house to a full one , from a hasty tribunal to one more considerate , from 'Philip drunk to Philip sober ; ' but quite the contrary : the appeal is made from knowledge to ignorance , from deliberation to haste , from a full and general attendance to a scanty and partial one . The bulk of those who had