colours , who threatened to bring an information against him for bringing out British property in a foreign vessel ; that he sailed without any ship 's papers , or documents to insure his admission into any port , where there was a regular customhouse ; and that had he gone to Bombay his vessel must inevitably have been seized ; all pretty good proofs that he was aware the traffic he was carrying on was illicit . From the Prince of Wales 's Island , the hon . captain proceeded to Calcutta , where he sold his vessel of 500 tons , and pur- 726 chased a ship called the President Washington , of 950 tons , which he immediately christened by the name of his old ship the Etrusco , and without any scruple or remorse transferred the papers of the smaller vessel to this nearly double its size . The mode of purchase too should not pass by entirely unnoticed . It was sold by Messrs. T. and W. Francis to one Giacomo Pons , and by him transferred to Giorgi by an in-dorsement on the bill of sale ; but , strange to say , the indorsement does not bear date till the 24-th of November 1792 ; this Giorgi signs himself in the charter-party of freight with Mr. De Constant , master and owner on the 5th of November preceding . The hon . captain , indeed , in his affidavit , accounts for these extraordinary transfers by stating that it was done for greater caution : for what purpose this greater caution was used I leave the house to judge . Having reached Canton , an agreement was there entered into beginning thus : 'It is agreed between Home 'Popham , owner of the L'Etrusco , Tuscan 'ship , on the one part , and Charles De 'Constant and Jean Baptiste Piron , supercargoes of the French East India Company , at Canton , on the other part . ' There are several other parts of this agreement which it will be necessary to advert to before I sit down , but at present it is sufficient to observe , that a large cargo was taken in in consequence , and also a considerable quantity of goods on the hon . captain 's own account . The vessel then set sail for Europe , and in the Cove of Cork was taken by his majesty 's ship the Diadem , capt . Sutherland , and afterwards released by him , on the assurance of sir Home Popham that the property on board was all neutral , and that he himself had no share either in the ship or cargo . I state this fact , sir , on the authority of lieut . Cranford , who then served as a lieutenant on board the Diadem , and if it is disputed I am ready to call him to the bar to prove it . Indeed it is corrobated by the evidence of William Banens , who states that the ship was troubled three times before she was seized by capt . Robinson , once by the Diadem ship of war , at the Cove of Cork . On the voyage from Cork to Ostend some goods were smuggled on shore near Hastings , with the knowledge and by the order of sir Home Popham . This fact is proved by the evidence of several witnesses , but the testimony of the last is conclusive . Gilbert Brice , then first mate of the Etrusco , and 727 who has since been in his majesty 's naval service as a lieutenant , states 'that about 'four chests of tea were delivered out of 'the ship , while in the English Channel , 'and before she arrived of Calais ; that 'the said goods were so delivered by order 'of Mr. Popham , and took place about '12 o'clock at night . ' Several other witnesses depose to the same fact , and also that 4 or 5 boats were round the ship at the time . I will also tell the hon . officer who