kept this subject back . This is an extraordinrry charge to make upon that administration , and the quarter whence it comes is still more extraordinary . A bill was brought in by a noble friend of mine ( lord Howick , now earl Grey ) , it was violently opposed by the right hon . gent.—we know its fate . But what has happened in the interim between that time and this ? Is it not well known that that right hon . gent . is possessed of his present power from that very incident ? Is not that the seat on which he sits ? Is it not the pedestal on which he stands , when he harangues us , or when he endeavours to inflame the vulgar mind with the cry of 'no popery ? Was it not the platform on which he erected himself when that mischievous yell was echoed in those parts of the country which are inhabited by the constituents and connections of that right hon . gent. ? And when that , furious cry is raised , should we not endeavour to answer , and to allay it ? But it seems , that while our friends were in administration , and the duke of Bedford at the head of it , in Ireland , this subject was not brought forward in its present shape . The duke of Bedford is a nobleman of great abilities and virtue ; his actions plead for him better than I , or any other man could 630 do , who might wish to be his advocate . The system of policy which he adopted , and pursued in Ireland , was the only one that can ever succeed there.—A system of conciliation ; and the arrangement of that part of it , which more immediately related to the claims of the Catholics , naturally devolved upon my right hon . friend near me , ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) ; his character , connections , and , above all , his commanding talents , pointed him out as an eminently fit person to whom to entrust the care of that important object . But when my noble friend brought in the bill to which I have alluded , the right hon . gent , opposite to me , considered it as a 'tub thrown out to the whale , ' when offered to the Catholics , with a view of satisfying them ; but mischief attended it , he said , in every other point . I say it was justice only , to the Catholics , justice which even my lord Clare himself wished them to have in the year 1793 . It was then the right hon . gent . raised the cry of ' no po-'pery , '—'The church is in danger,5 'The constitution is in danger , ' 'The 'empire is in danger . ' This the right hon . gent , did , I will not say , for time-serving purposes , but I will say , that if such had been his object , his conduct could not possibly have been better adapted for the purpose . The right hon . gent . now assumes an original independence of opinion upon this subject . Mr. Pitt was in favour of the claims of the Catholics ; does the right hon . gent . mean to say that he ever differed from Mr. Pitt in any one shade of this subject ? No , I am bound to suppose that he did not . I am bound , by his actions , to suppose that he did not . But the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , a cabinet counsellor at the time , did pledge himself to the Catholics of Ireland to obtain for them redress in the event of the union taking place ; although he now maintains that there was no pledge to that effect ; that the union was for political purposes only , to give us greater power for resisting the common enemy . But the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , and