He was of opinion that the remedy proposed would be more injurious than the evil complained oil was afraid that by the introduction of such complicated arrangements , people would be so puzzled that they would not understand the law at all . applauded the humanity of the hon . and learned baronet , but hoped he would pardon him for stating that county stock ought not to be touched except in extreme cases . defended his hon . and learned friend from the charge of innovation . As to the measure being a novelty , every improvement was a novelty.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . , adverting to the statement made on a 404 recent evening by an hon . baronet ( sir Francis Burdett ) when he was not present , hoped the house would allow him to make some observations upon that statement . He trusted that they would the more readily agree to this , when they considered how much the character of the noble lord and of the country at large was implicated in that statement . He understood that the hon . baronet had been advised by the chair to postpone any further agitation of the subject , until the judgment of which he complained should be followed up by some legal proceeding . He was disposed to think that the house would hear no more of this business from the hon . baronet , in which case the imputations that had been cast on the conduct of the noble chief justice of the King's-bench , would remain unanswered , and—— spoke to order . Unless the hon . gent . meant to conclude with some motion , his observations were very irregular . was not prepared to make any motion ; but as the hon . baronet had made his statement , he trusted they would allow him to make a counter statement , under the same circumstances . He was proceeding , when he was again called to order by , who observed , that unless the hon . gent , would move for some paper , such observations could only lead to disorderly discussion . then stated , that he would conclude by moving for the production of an order of the court of king 's bench , for the discharge of a rule moved for in that court for a new trial in the action brought by the high bailiff of Westminster against sir Francis Burdett.—On the suggestion of the Speaker , however , who intimated that it was usual to give a formal notice of such a motion , Mr. Leycester abstained from any further remarks , and gave notice , that he would move for the production of this paper to-morrow . was desirous of postponing his motion for taking into consideration the Report of the committee on the distillation of spirits , until to-morrow , if an hon . gent . whose notice stood for to-morrow , would consent to put it off . replied , that he had been that morning applied to , to postpone his motion to-morrow , relative to the Dardanelles , for the purpose of allowing the Local Militia bill to be proceeded with . 405 Considering the investigation of the subject of his motion as of the utmost importance to the character of the country , and having already frequently postponed it , he could not consent to postpone it any longer . reprobated this sort of hocus pocus by which the house was kept ignorant of what business would come before it . If the arrangement that seemed to have been made was carried into effect , then it would happen that the gentlemen who came down that night to listen to a discussion on the distilleries , would find themselves engaged in a debate on the local militia ; and that to-morrow , those who would come to debate the Local Militia bill , would be surprised at finding themselves in a distillery . denied that there was any thing more in this circumstance than what frequently occurred , namely , that when the first