? —and , while on this subject , it appears to me a singular mode of proceding , by way of allaying those dissensions , and satisfying the large body of the people among whom they exist , to refuse what they ask , and not even to discuss their claims ! This , I suppose , is one of the practical expedients of which the right hon . gent , has spoken : as that right hon . gent . 's former political opinions and conduct have always leaned to the side of the Catholics , so far as regards himself personally , this is truly an expedient that may have its practical use towards himself on the present occasion . 'The less that is said the better , ' cries the right hon . gent , and I so far agree , with him , that I can not help thinking , if he had followed his first impulse , and remained entirely silent , he would have better consulted his own character and reputation . The right hon . gent , in commending the temper and moderation evinced by my right hon . friend , has taken the opportunity of recommending a similar tone to those who succeed him in this debate . Now , it is very possible , that although the original mover of a proposition may laudably enough be moderate in his language and manner , those of his opinion , by whom he is followed , finding that moderation produced no effect , may justifiably try whether shame or reproach will be more successful . The right hon . gent . has expressed his conviction , that my right hon . friend does not wish that this boon should be wrung from an unwilling people , and a reluctant parliament . True ; but who made the people unwilling , and the parliament reluctant ? In reply to the right hon . gent . 's statement , that the question has been already discussed and settled , and that nothing has since happened that could change the opinion of the house on the subject , I have simply to observe , that this 577 statement is unfounded . Changes in opinion take place daily , in proportion as truth and reason become more manifest ; and I hope , that , at no distant period , these changes will produce the effect so desirable . The lour millions of Catholics at present in Ireland , are as a dead weight , or an indigestible mass in the stomach of the country , poisoning and palsying all its efforts . Is it intended to pursue towards the Catholics the old system of policy , by which attempts have been made to wear them down into insignificancy ? Let the truth or fallacy of this system be tried by the rule of three . If in two centuries the Irish Catholics are brought to four millions , how many centuries will it take to extirpate them entirely ? I have heard of philosophers and naturalists , who pretend to ascertain the age of the world by the different decompositions of granite ; but this , with respect to the Catholics , will be a much more tedious calculation . With respect to the comparison so well made by my right hon . friend , between the two kinds of danger , of which it is necessary to choose one , I should most unquestionably prefer the danger uncertain , if not chimerical , of giving to the Catholics a power , which might ultimately invest them with a considerable influence in the state , to the terrible danger which the refusal of their just claims must , in my apprehension , inevitably occasion . No man can be more willing than myself to allow the propriety of an alliance , properly understood , between Church and State ; but , I wish the house to consider , that if the State can not exist without a Church , how much less can the Church exist without a state . I repeat , sir , that