the right hon . gent. , and the house could not but recollect there was a time when that right hon . gent , placed his trained force second only to the regular army . He had repeatedly entertained the house with the great effect which an 116 armed peasantry must produce in the field by firing on the enemy from concealed places , in a country , the situation of which they were so much better acquainted with than the enemy could be ; and he believed , if gentlemen would carefully examine this bill , and compare it with the General Training act of the hon . gent , they would find that the only material difference between them was as to the mere number of days of training . If the right hon . gent , would allow that the Volunteers had any merit at all , and if the Volunteers would consent to give their services for a certain time , and would agree to be trained not only in time of war but of peace , they could not fail to become a force of the most inestimable value to the country . These , and the Local Militia raised from the coast counties , would create a force of 330,000 men for England only , and taking in Ireland and Scotland , we should have an effective force of 400,000 men , in addition to the 200,000 regular and militia forces ; and in order to procure this , he thought it adviseable to put the right hon . gent . 's plan in force , certainly not to the extravagant amount he had intended , but in certain proportions in every regiment , such as should answer the purpose on a smaller scale ; and though he did not mean to say that this might not be extended at a future time , he thought every thing had been done at present which the nature of the service and the circumstances of the country required . The right hon . gent . had said a great deal about the patronage of the Bill : for his own part , he did not see it in that light at all ; lean as he was , he was sure if he never fattened more than on the patronage of this Bill , he must remain the same slender figure he then was to the end of his days . A great cry had been set up against this bill , by comparing it to the measure of conscription ; but there certainly was no ground for that comparison , and he had no doubt , but the good sense of the people of this country would relieve them from all alarm on that head , when they seriously considered the bill . As to the observations of the hon . baronet , ( sir F. Burdett ) , he did not consider them as detracting much from the value of the proposed plan , and he Sloped the good sense of the country would secure the people from giving in to the opinion of that hon . baronet , as to the degradation of the military service . He should reserve the further discussion till the bill was committed , when he hoped to 117 be able to prove that the proposed force could be obtained on better terms than could have been expected under the plan of the right hon . gent , opposite.—The bill was then read a second time . was unwilling , even in that early stage of the business , to let the present question pass without stating his objection to the principle . In the first place , there was no analogy whatever between those Judges and the Judges in England or Ireland , as the latter went circuit , and had , after discharging the business in their respective courts in the metropolis , to go through a weighty provincial duty ; whereas , the former had not employment for two thirds of the year , and had no circuits to attend ; the duties of the