have an opportunity to discuss it ; and yet their lordships know nothing of it , but that it is a debt declared by the commons to be due . So is Mr. Palmer's.—In 1804 , a sum of 260,000l . was voted to the officers employed with lord Hood as the value of ships said to have , been destroyed at Toulon . This sum , too , made part of an Appropriation act which was passed without comment , by the lords . Several grants to American loyalists , as compensation for losses sustained , will also be found in the Appropriation acts of the last ten years , and one to an amount of not less than 20,000l . in the present session . In all these cases , this house satisfied itself of the justice of the various claims preferred by the individuals , but did not think it necessary to give the lords any opportunity of discussing the merits of them , beyond what the Appropriation act afforded ; neither did their lordships require it . If any thing were wanting to prove how little the commons have felt it to be their duty to consult the particular convenience of the other house , with respect to grants of money , it might be found in the sums annually voted for Maynooth College , which have been in the last and present session both increased and diminished . Maynooth College gentlemen know is a seminary for the education of catholic priests , and they can not but recollect the various and interesting debates which took place in this house respecting the amount to be granted for its support ; and yet , the chancellor of the exchequer himself consented to put the larger sum voted in the last session without comment or explanation into the Appropriation act . Why did he not bring in a separate bill ? Does he mean to say , that the subject of a grant to Mr. Palmer is more interesting to the lords than the increase of catholic priests in Ireland ? Does he not know that there are noble lords particularly alive to whatever relates to Maynooth College ? Would he compel them to expose the Protestant Church to what they think the most dreadful additional dangers , or else to stop the supplies 1035 of the year ? Sir , the chancellor of the exchequer must see , that he can only justify himself upon the principles I have been laying down ; for , if I am wrong , and his doctrine be admitted , then were the hardships he imposed upon the poor lords with respect to Maynooth College , most wanton and intolerable , and all zealous protestants would feel it the more so as coming from the same quarter with the cry of 'No Popery ! ' But the right hon . gentleman takes this distinction ; he says , and truly , that one part of the grant to Mr. Palmer , namely , the future annuity , must be provided for by a separate bill , and then he contends , that no instance can be produced where one part of a grant has been put into the Appropriation act , and the other into a separate bill . I answer by referring him to the case of lord Nelson , where he will find 90,000l . voted for the purchase of an estate to be settled on the heirs of lord Nelson , and 10,000l . to enable , the first earl to compleat his establishment . The former of these votes was carried into effect by a separate bill , and the latter was confined to the Appropriation act . I will not trouble the house with more cases , though many might easily be adduced , to support the doctrine I contend for—that grants of money , voted in a Committee of Supply , without any prospective condition annexed to them , ought , according to the established practice of this house , to be inserted in the Appropriation act , and not made the subject of a