, but that the same body will continue the same prejudices , or act , if you will , from , the same sense of duty as they did before . There is nothing that I can see to change their mind ; for the objection of the court does not arise to this mode of reporting , from their strictness in refusing information , unless it is known to come from sources of established authority only . On the contrary , the court of session is very liberal in that respect . But Mr. Bell 's reports ( and his fidelity and accuracy was never doubted ) gave the opinion of each judge in detail , a thing to which the court had not been accustomed , and which they disliked . Now , sir , this is exactly what I am anxious to have introduced into the judicial system of Scotland , as one of the most important regula- 1078 tions which can be devised ; without which , their law never can be improved , or their judicial conduct reach the perfection of which it is capable.—The giving the opinions of the judges specifically , in detail and in substance , with accuracy and correctness , in the reports of decided cases , goes a greater way to secure an anxious and accurate discharge of the judicial function than almost any other regulation that can be made . When the words of a judge are to be forgotten as soon as spoken , when there is to be no written memorial of what he has said , one great incitement to accuracy and attention is removed ; when on the other hand , his words and opinions are sure to be recorded , to the desire of distinguishing himself for the moment , before the bar and bystanders , is added that most powerful of all incitements to human exertion , founded in a propensity deeply planted in the breast of every man who is actuated by an honourable and honest ambition , the desire of having his name and reputation handed down to posterity . When judges are to have their opinions thus set forth to the public in printed volumes , which are to be the authority for future judgments , it insures due and deliberate consideration of what they are to say , and checks any tendency to looseness of thought , defect of information , or inaccuracy in delivering what has been deliberately and previously considered . But the mode of reporting decisions of the court of session , gives no security for any thing of the sort . —This is not the fault of the collectors of decisions , who are always gentlemen of a certain number of years standing at the bar , well qualified no doubt for the discharge of that or any other duty , being-chosen by the faculty of advocates from among their own body . I mean no reflection on them , nor do I mean any reflection on the court ; I am discussing natural effects , arising from natural causes , with the freedom which the subject requires , and which this place admits ; but I trust I am doing so in strict conformity to what I promised at the outset , that I am stating my views of the subject in a manner strictly judicial , and without any tendency to eagerness of debate.—In Scotland the decisions consist of an abridgement of the arguments on each side , taken from the printed papers in the cause . This is followed by the interlocutor or judgment of the court , which is usually comprised in one short sentence ; but not one word is 1079 given of what the judges deliver as the grounds of law on which the interlocutor is founded . When these decisions are to be applied , therefore , there is no way by which the opinion of the court is to be collected . You can only guess that the best arguments , afforded by the side which prevails , were probably the grounds of determination adopted by the