and one he should think it rash for him to go into any opinion upon ; but it was a question of no little moment to ascertain , whether even the lending or giving this sum would maintain the East India Company as a solvent company for the national benefit . said , that there was at present no call for a determination whether it was fit to comply with the prayer of the petition or not . That question must depend upon the Report of the Committee With regard to the complaint of an hon . gent . that no notice had been given , he conceived that it was not customary to require a notice of an intention to present a petition . If indeed there had been any doubt or difficulty with respect to the motion , founded upon it , that might be a good reason for a delay in the proceeding . But the whole that was now proposed was , to put the petition in a state of enquiry , and for that purpose nothing could be so proper as to refer it to the committee actually employed in the investigation of the subject to which it related ; and there was no occasion therefore for any notice . The right hon . gent . who spoke last had begged that he might not be considered as pledging himself to any assent to the prayer of the petition by not objecting to this reference . This caution was unnecessary , because nobody could be pledged till the result of 76 the inquiry was known . He did not take notice of this merely to observe that it was unnecessary , but he thought it right to advert to it because the right hon . gent . had given it as his opinion , that it ought to be assumed that this was not a loan but a gift , and that this gift was asked in order to enable the company to make a dividend of 10 per cent . to the holders of their stock from the public money . This , however , was exciting a prejudice against the Company , without any real foundation for it . It was expressly denied that the sum was requested as a gift ; but , at all events , facts were stated that required examination . The Company offered to make out that they were to a certain extent creditors of the public ; and nobody seemed to deny that some hundreds of thousands were due to them from the country . If we chose to refuse any assistance to the Company in their distress , we ought at least to take care not to contribute to that distress , by withholding from them what of right belonged to them . Whether something more ought not to be done for the Company in their present situation , was a point upon which it would be much better to reserve any opinion till the report of the committee was laid before the house . It was , certainly , a very grave question , even in a national point of view , whether , for want of some aid from the country , under a temporary pressure , the affairs of the Company should be suffered to fall into utter confusion . If they made out a case that called for this aid , and it should be judged adviseable to grant it , could we in justice attach conditions to the grant , which would render it no benefit , but the contrary ? in explanation , said , that he had not asserted that any notice was requisite before presenting the petition . What he did say was , that in a question of this magnitude it would have been proper to have given notice of the motion for reference . in explanation , stated , that he had given no opinion as to the propriety or impropriety of complying with the prayer of the petition . He had merely said , that this must be considered as a gift , and not