every body considered , the relaxation of the governments in India , in enforcing their protecting law against the foreign trade , as amounting almost to an abrogation of it . With respect , sir , to the expences of captain Robinson , it was not owing to any fault of mine , or any neglect oil my part , that they have not been paid long ago . On my return from the Cape of Good Hope my proctor presented me with the accounts ; and seeing upwards of 900l . for travelling and incidental charges from 1793 , when the ship was taken , till 1803 , when the captor had no occasion to travel any more , and an interest on that sum of near 300l . making in all 1200l. , I do confess I hesitated to pay it ; and am certain every person will feel that the charge is a little extraordinary for travelling to Deptford , where the ship lay , or to London , for a few opinions on the mode of prosecuting her ; and was it not a little extraordinary during the last 745 five years , not a stroke of law was struck ? These accounts are now before the register of the court of admiralty , and merchants of the city of London , duly appointed ; and I am happy to say , as a proof of the propriety of my objection , that they struck oil the interest the moment they saw it . The agent of admiral Robinson refused the arbitration of gentlemen , whom I proposed , as I consider it on all occasions the best reference for points in dispute ; and which , as I before had the honour of mentioning in this house , was the course I pursued towards Messrs. Paxton , antecedent to this case being tried ; and which I have again done by my solicitor , although the issue of that trial was against them.—Now , as to the honourable gentleman 's charge of absconding from justice , how does that stand ? A coarser observation was never applied to any individual ; in the same way I felt many of the honourable gentleman 's observations ; but as he has not been called to order by the house , I must rest satisfied the language he used was completely within its rules . In one month after the capture of the Etrusco , I was reinstated on the list of lieutenants , and appointed to act with the army in Holland , and I do not believe any officer in that army will accuse me of absconding from the various and fatiguing duties which my situation in it imposed upon me ; I did not return to England till 1796 , nor did I even hear of the compulsory process till it was mentioned in this house by the honourable gentleman . The honourable member has stated too , that just before the Etrusco was seized , a person had escaped from her with a boat-load of goods ; that person , sir , was myself : I had an undoubted right to act as I pleased ; to hoist my boats out when I pleased , and to go , where it was very natural I should go , to see my family , after an absence of twenty months . That I did take such articles as I thought would be acceptable presents to my family , is most true ; I wish I had taken twenty boat-loads ; and if I could have taken the ship into Ostend harbour , then , I apprehend , the honourable and learned gentleman would not have had this opportunity of making his liberal practise on my character . But if there was any impropriety in my going on shore , why did not the gallant officer whose conduct has been so highly extolled by the honourable gentleman , prevent me ? The reason , I conclude , may be easily inferred by reading admiral Wole 's deposi- 746 tion , therefore on this point I shall