or a Pascal ; the latter of whom he pronounced one of the brightest ornaments , and perhaps the ablest champion , that Christianity could boast . He had couched his motion so as to render it as little personal as possible ; and he was not without hopes that it would be rendered unnecessary , for he was not without hopes that the learned gent , would rise in his place and say to the house , 'What I said respecting the Catholics is my sincere opinion , and I 150 stated it to the house because I thought it my duty so to do ; but as to this promotion , let me not receive it if it can cause the least discontent . I will accept no dignity that shall cost my country so dear ; far be it from me to become 'right honourable ' at the expence of Irish blood . ' If this should be his happy course , all I can say ( concluded Mr. Barham ) is , that every good man in England or Ireland will regard him as more truly 'honourable ' or 'right honourable ' than he could be rendered by any mark of distinction which kings can either give or take away.—He concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , Copies , or Extracts ; of all correspondence that has passed between the lord lieutenant of Ireland and his majesty 's secretary of state for the home department , touching the appointment of Patrick Duigenan , esq . LL.D . to be one of his majesty 's most honourable Privy Council in Ireland . '' The question being put , and the cry of the Noes greatly preponderating , rose . He had expected to hear some reason offered for an appointment likely to be attended with so much mischief . The necessity of the presence of the learned doctor for the dispatch of ecclesiastical business in the privy council , which was alledged the other night , was a mere empty excuse , for the privy council of Ireland exercised no ecclesiastical jurisdiction whatsoever . He looked upon this appointment as precisely similar in motive and effect to the appointment of Mr. Giffard . When the Catholics were not encouraged to hope for all the rights to which he and many others thought them entitled , at least care ought to be taken to avoid what would have the appearance of studiously irritating and insulting them . declared , that the learned gent , so frequently alluded to on this occasion , had not himself made any application whatever for the appointment which it had been thought fit to extend to him . The appointment had been recommended on the ground that the learned gent . filled the office of Judge of the Prerogative Court , the holders of which , with the exception of the learned doctor 's immediate predecessor , had sat in the privy council . There was a great deal of ecclesiastical business relating to the union and disunion of benefices before the privy council . 151 Glebe-houses had become matter of more extensive care , in consequence of an act brought in by a right hon . gent , ( sir J. Newport ) last year . The presence of the Judge of the Prerogative Court was essential to the dispatch of this business . The appointment being necessary , there was nothing in the character of the learned gent , to render it improper . The learned gent ; might have allowed his zeal for the established church to carry him into language too warm , and perhaps indiscreet , but that was no reason why he should not be called to the service of government , where he was peculiarly fitted to do service . The learned gent . was not likely to be a general adviser of the lord lieutenant , or to be called upon for his advice . He was to be a