violence which would bean aggravation of the offence , if it is not such as to amount to robbery , saves the offender.—There was another subject which , he thought , required the interposition of the legislature ; it was to provide , in certain cases , a compensation to persons tried and acquitted , after having been long detained in prison . At present they have no compensation , except by an action for a malicious prosecution , where the judge is satisfied there was no probable cause . If suspicion of having committed a crime falls upon an individual in the labouring class of the people , whose family depends upon his daily wages for subsistence , he may be eight months in gaol ; for that is sometimes the interval between the summer and lent assizes ; and in the four northern counties , he may be imprisoned above a year . His family in the mean time is , probably , consigned to the workhouse , and when he returns home after an acquittal which completely establishes his innocence , he finds them ruined in their health or corrupted in their morals . If , for the convenience or utility of the public , private property is ever interfered with by the authority of parliament , full compensation is carefully made to the owner ; but what is that loss which is thus compensated to the opulent , compared with the injury suffered by the poor man in the case he had mentioned ? It will be said , that such a case does not happen often , but it sometimes happens , and in such cases a remedy ought , no doubt , to be provided . The difficulty was , that it is not every person acquitted who deserved compensation ; because many persons were acquitted who are still guilty ; acquittals from defects of form being unavoidable , even under the best ordered laws . Another difficulty was , that if such a remedy were given by law , it might have a mischievous effect towards those very persons , who are the objects of redress ; because in some cases the evidence was so nicely balanced , that if the jury felt themselves reduced to the alternative of convicting or of giving a reward to the prisoner by acquitting him , this consideration might have the effect of determining them to convict . The discretion of saying in what cases compensation should be given , could only be reposed in the jury or in the court ; and he thought 400 that there could be no hesitation between those two . The jury ought not to have their attention diverted from the single point of ascertaining the fact , of guilty or not . Fortunately , there was already in our statute book , an act which he should take as a model . Till the year 1752 , no compensation was made by law to prosecutors for their expence and trouble in bringing offenders to justice ; a circumstance which one might be surprised at , if ; such circumstances did not come very seldom before the legislature . Before such compensation was allowed , it often happened that the prosecution was by much a I greater evil to the person , whose property had been taken from him , than that loss of property by the offence . The 25th Geo . 2. chap . 36 . § 11. placed it in the power of the court , upon consideration of the prosecutor 's circumstances , to grant him an order upon the treasurer of the county for his expences , and a reasonable allowance for his time . He meant to make this the model of the bill he proposed to move for leave to bring in . He hardly thought it necessary to anticipate any objection to this compensation , as being a new burden upon the county . Perhaps it might be thought , that the same reason existed for granting a similar compensation in cases of misdemeanour ; but he meant to confine it to felonies