to govern his majesty 's ministers at the present moment ; the price of wheat was higher by above ten shillings per quarter when these petitions were presented to the house than it was then , when the grain distillery was about to be prohibited . These circumstances altogether proved , that the landed interest was not indifferent to the importation of foreign corn , though solicitous at the same time to avoid the agitation of questions of such a nature as had always been found to create a considerable degree of uneasiness in the minds of the people . expressed his surprise at the silence of ministers on a question of this importance . He wished to know , whether they considered themselves as responsible for this measure , which was brought forward under such suspicious circumstances . He asked , whether it was wise or politic to restrict agriculture in the present circumstances of the country ? The proposition appeared to him inconsistent with common sense . objected to it , on the ground that it would make the measure bear heavily upon the lower classes , whilst it would operate lightly on the higher classes . If personal service was enforced in every instance , the measure would not operate so unequally . But as substitution was not allowed , he thought that the lower classes should be permitted to relieve themselves from the pressure of the fine by insurance , as otherwise the measure would be odious in the country . was surprised at the opposition made to this clause , because it would go to the whole of the bill . This clause was absolutely necessary to render the bill operative , as , if insurance was allowed , the bill could never take effect . The burthen of the service could not be heavy , or the number of volunteers who offered themselves to serve as local militia , would not be so great as the fact proved it to be . thought this clause most highly objectionable , because it imposed a heavy partial burthen upon individuals of the lower class , without allowing them to secure themselves against it by insurance . The measure ought either to enforce in every instance personal service , or insurance should be allowed , because in every case the lesser evil would be preferred . In the lower classes the fine would be a greater evil than personal service , and they of course must serve , whilst with the higher classes the fine would be the lesser evil , and they of course would pay it , and not submit to their personal service . The service would be ruin to many persons in business , who must serve , and if the service would be ruin , the fine which went to compel it must be equally ruinous . No option therefore was given , as was stated by the noble lord , because either alternative must be ruin to the industrious classes , whom it would be most desirable to protect . stated that there were only two ways of mitigating the severity of conscription by ballot ; mitigation by fine , or mitigation by substitution . He preferred the mitigation by fine , and was 826 not surprised at the opposition of the right hon . gent . because he was most animated in resisting every principle that was borrowed from himself ; the fine being the principle of his Training bill , which did not admit of substitution . The insurance he looked upon as injurious to the military service . In the case of insurance offices , the office keeper endeavoured , as was natural , to obtain the men on the cheapest terms , and so far interfered with the recruiting for the army . The same effect was produced by the insurance clubs , and by the assistance afforded by the parishes to individuals of a particular description . The insurance , if allowed in this instance , would have the effect of withdrawing the men from the service . The service under this bill was different from