mind , that there were circumstances under which the application of those principles must be very different to what it would be under other circumstances . With respect to the opinion of those eminent men whom the noble lord had quoted , it was quite clear that it was not the opinion upon which the state had acted , as in the year 1761 a diametrically opposite doctrine was held , and this country would not subsequently make peace with France until she gave up the demand that no vessels should be considered as captures which were taken previous to hostilities , or the issuing of reprisals . With respect also to the opinion of sir W. Wynne , a decision of the court of admiralty in 1779 , was in direct opposition to it . An article upon this subject was formerly inserted in the several treaties , and from forming part of the conventional law of nations , had been confounded with the unwritten law . There could be no doubt , however , that as the law stood , all enemy 's property was forfeited to the crown ; a vessel therefore detained , although at the time there might be no reason for the detention , yet from the circumstances of hostilities commencing , became forfeited to the crown . This might operate as a hard case in many instances upon individuals : but he had great doubts that there could be any thing like a commercial peace and a political war at the same time ; he thought such a system , and the 314 idea of compensation for losses , would only lead to ruinous speculations on the part of individuals . He saw no ground for the interposition of the house , and should therefore move the previous question . admitted that the vessels detained must be forfeited to the crown as enemy 's property , and that the court of admiralty could give no relief ; but that was no reason why the crown Could not give relief . On the contrary , that was the very object of his noble friend 's proposition in this case , to address the crown , with the view of relieving those who had suffered from the application of this principle of law . This proposition had his full and entire approbation , and those who combated it must shew that there was an actual necessity for detaining and keeping these trading vessels ; otherwise the owners were entitled in justice to a compensation . contended , that neither the noble viscount , nor the noble and learned lord , had proved that there was any departure in this instance from the usage and practice with respect to other nations , or that , being consistent with such practice and usage , there was any injustice committed . There could not be any doubt as to the law , that enemy 's ' property was forfeited to the crown , and therefore , that detained vessels in the event of the commencement of hostilities became forfeited . said , the motion of his noble friend did not go to ask a favour of his majesty , in surrendering any thing to which he was entitled jure coroœ ; but purely to demand from the justice and honour of the country the restitution of those ships , which had been seized at a period when peace and amity existed between the two countries ; when we were holding out inducements to them to confide in our assurances of continued friendship ; at a period , in fact , when their ships were in a manner domiciliated in our courts of admiralty . could not avoid making some observations upon the question before the house . His lordship proceeded to quote different passages from Magna Charta , as to the kindness and hospitality to be exercised by the people of this country towards strangers trading towards our coasts ; and comparing these passages , and the inducements held out to the Danes to consider the amicable relations between them and this country secure , asked , if