percentage had only a reference to Mr. Palmer 's official situation . The first was given as a specific purchase of his time and personal attendance , and the other was added as an inciting spur to his genius . Both were clearly intended to stand or fall together , and in my opinion , it is impossible for any ingenuity of construction to disconnect them . Impressed as I am with this thorough conviction , I can not do otherwise than give the present claim my decided reprobation . —I can not , sir , at all admit , that the mode adopted in arguing this 233 question , is either a mode suited to the character or functions of this house , or that it is a mode ( as has been dexterously pretended ) favourable to the interests of the party . It has been said , 'we will agree not to deprive Mr. Palmer of the benefit of what he claims , but upon grounds on which he might have been deprived by Saw ; and in so doing , ( such is the inference ) -we put his cause upon the most advantageous grounds ; for , surely , no government or legislature can be considered as acting harshly by an individual , when , in the exercise of its discretion , it only withholds from him advantages , from the possession of which , if actually vested in him , the law itself would have removed him . —Sir , I both deny this inference , and I deny , that the proper way for the house to examine this question , is to enquire how-it would stand , if considered as a point of law . The fact shall be , if the right hon . gentleman pleases , that the terms of the Agreement would warrant the construction which he puts upon them , and that a court of law , following the rules of interpretation which they might think it right to observe , would declare Mr. Palmer 's Claim to the percentage to be forfeited , in consequence of the misconduct , which has forfeited his place for life . But , I am yet to learn , that a house of parliament in judging a matter of this sort , is confined to the rules which may be binding on a court of law ; or that courts of law may not be bound , on a thousand occasions , and most properly bound , by rules that do not in the particular instance coincide with the substantial justice of the case . Have we never heard of the maxim 'summum jus , summa injuria , ' and is there not notoriously , in the system of our own jurisprudence , a provision made for cases in which the decisions of mere law would be contrary to that which justice and equity would prescribe ? In fact , the very courts which are meant thus to supply what is defective in others , and to correct those rules which in many cases stand in the way of justice , are themselves subject to constraints from which , in particular instances , they would desire to be free , as leading to decisions different from what would be directed by mere unfettered justice . In the interpretation of Wills how often does it happen , that the property must be made to take a course different from that which the testator himself may fairly be presumed to have intended ? What , therefore , would be the sense or justice of taking as a rule for 234 the resolution which this house should come to in a case submitted to its justice and to its liberality , the decision which a court of law might find itself compelled to give , if called upon to say what would be the legal effect of a written instrument conceived in such and such terms ? I beg , therefore , wholly to protest against this ingenious turn , by which the right hon . gentleman , conformably enough to the habits of