into this country . gave notice , that early in the next session of parliament he should take an opportunity of attracting the attention of the house to the destructive consequences of the Orders in Council ; and should , therefore , abstain from entering into the course of argument which had been pursued by the gentlemen who had preceded him . briefly replied , and contended that he had not undervalued the remedial measures resorted to by this country , for the relief of the West India merchants : he concluded with informing the house , that he should not proceed to a division on the question then before it.— 1062 The motion was accordingly without a division . in moving that it be read a second time to-morrow , stated it to be his intention to give every support to this bill for carrying it through that house . But if the hon . gent . who was concerned in the measure did not wish that it should proceed further , he should feel that he had done his duty in bringing it in , and the hon . gentleman might , if he thought it right , suffer the order of the day to drop . approved of the candour of the right hon . gentleman . He saw no cause of disapprobation which could exist against him for his conduct , notwithstanding all that had been urged against him last night.—The bill was then ordered to be read a second time to-morrow . rose and addressed the house as follows : * —Mr . Speaker ; I rise in a very thin house , not at a very early hour , and at a very late period of the session , to discuss a subject of the greatest consequence to the part of the united kingdom to which it relates.—My intention is to discuss , and not to oppose ; and my object is to make some parts relating to this most important subject generally known and attended to by means of discussion in this place.—It is highly necessary that many of the regulations , proposed by this bill , should be well understood , and that others should be suggested for consideration . [ At this period an interruption took place , owing to some members leaving the house , when Mr. Adam said , with some eagerness ] — Sir , I know how little interesting this subject must be to many gentlemen present ; I am not , therefore , surprised at their departure ; but I should conceive , late even as it is in the session , and exhausted as the house may be with previous business , it will hardly be thought decent to have it said , that a system of civil judicature , relating to the most important interests of Scotland , and affecting no less than two millions and a half of his majesty 's subjects , has been discussed and passed in a house not sufficient , according to its cod- * From the original edition , printed for John Murray , Fleet-street , 1808 . 1063 stitution , to do any act whatever . [ Here the Speaker rose and stopt Mr. Adam , saying , that as the hon . member had noticed the state of the house , and hinted that there were not 40 members present , it must be counted . The Speaker accordingly counted the house , and by the return of some of those who were leaving the house , it appeared , on counting , that 43 members were present . Mr. Adam then proceeded . ] —Sir , I regret that the slight interruption that I met with should have put me off my guard , and should have given you the trouble to count the house . It was not my intention ; and , much as I may regret the thinness of the attendance , I should have had more to regret still , if the house had not been able , from defect of members , to proceed with this business . —The subject