, 'quod potest fieri per pauciora , non debet fieri per plura , ' he would merely say a few words upon it in relation to the object which it was meant to accomplish . In all plans of this sort there was a unity of purpose , and that which the present had in view was to promote the supply of the regular army , and to guard against a danger peculiar to the days in which we live , —the defence of the country against the invasion of a foreign enemy . The difficulty of accomplishing the first part of this object , he contended had been very much increased by the noble lord , because the measures which had been adopted for the purpose of attaining it , and which bad fair for attaining the purpose for which they had been adopted , had been completely frustrated in their operation by the noble lord . The noble lord had set out with defeating the measure of inlisting men for a limited period , and now he was about to introduce a bill for the purpose of destroying the Training act . The noble lord had talked in his speech as if he ( Mr. W. ) had placed great virtue in the Training act ; but he would tell the noble lord , that he never had expected much from it in the way of training , though he certainly had expected a good deal from it in the way of enrolment . If the object of the noble lord was to train a certain number of men for the military service , a question immediately arose , how much training he would purchase by a sacrifice of convenience , for in the same proportion as he added to the one he necessarily took from the other . All , then , he could accuse him of was , of having taken the major compromise between the two ; and if that was the case , it was not too late to correct the error into which he had fallen . Instead 51 of this , however ( said Mr. Windham ) , in order to deliver you from this raw head and bloody bones , for such he seems to consider the Training act , he grafts upon it powers of greater severity , and is about to do now what would have been done under it only in the last extremity . If the noble lord imagined that his plan could be carried into execution without much inconvenience , considerable expence , and great prejudice to the morals of those who were to be embodied under its provisions , he was very much mistaken . And if he did not choose to defer to his opinion upon the subject , he requested that he would consult any serious judicious magistrate ; who would not only confirm what he had now stated as the probable effect of the present measure , but would likewise tell him , that the evil resulting to the morals of the volunteers by withdrawing them from their homes and assembling them in large towns , was a strong objection to their being called out on permanent duty . The noble lord had also stated his conviction , that the volunteers would have consented to all the regulations with which he meant to accompany his present measure , if those regulations had been proposed to them when they first offered their services to the public ; and this conviction he founded upon the zeal and alacrity which they displayed in the performance of that duty which they had voluntarily imposed upon themselves . But , it surely might have occurred to the noble lord , that there was a wide difference between performing a voluntary and a compulsory engagement . He would advise the noble lord at all events to adhere at least to the spirit of the Training act , and to give them more training , if he thought that to be necessary . But , the great advantage which the noble lord seemed to imagine the present measure possessed