the time that parliament resolved on this measure , he did not recollect that a single country gentleman raised his voice against the interference of the legislature with the price of the produce of the West India cultivation . If the principle was good in the one case , why was it not also good in the other ? Those country gentlemen , who now laid it down so broadly in their lectures on political economy , never thought 817 of such a principle , until their own interests were touched . One hon . gent , a great land proprietor ( Mr. Coke , of Norfolk ) , had on a former occasion , compared the West India islands , in value , to ozier islands in the Thames . He would tell the hon . gent , however , that the commerce of the West Indies did most materially increase the wealth and prosperity of this country , and that the increase of national wealth and prosperity had increased very much the rents and value of his great estates . The country gentlemen who oppose this bill seemed not only to have formed a system of political economy for themselves , but they had formed a new mode of arithmetic for themselves . By the common notions of arithmetic , the more you subtracted from a thing , the less remained ; but by the arithmetic of the country gentlemen , the more you took away from the stock of corn in the market , the more you destroyed in distilleries , or in any other way , the more would be left to secure the country against scarcity . They knew , however , that this was proposed merely as a temporary measure , and that if any practical ill effects should follow from it , ministers would have it in their power to suspend the operation of this act at any time . He thought , that when the measure was brought forward as a West India question , it was brought forward as a British question ; for he conceived that the planters and cultivators of our West India colonies were as much British subjects as the inhabitants of the metropolis . Although the Atlantic rolled between us and them , yet their interests were united with ours ; their habits and feelings were British ; they were proud of being governed by British laws . It was in this country that they looked to end their days ; their affections were turned to Britain , and they called it their mother country . He hoped , then , that the mother country would not act the part of an unnatural parent . At present there were but about 35,000 hogsheads of sugar at the West India docks , but by October , when the next crop came in , there would be above 300,000 . The average produce of our settlements for many years had been 270,000 hogsheads , and 30,000 would surely come in from the Danish islands we had lately captured . The consumption of the British empire had never been more than 200,000 hogsheads annually , and therefore it was most evident that the planters must be reduced to great distress as long as the accustomed . 818 markets were shut against their produce . Against the next year , both the West India cultivators and the British farmers would know how to calculate the exertions that they should make . The great objects of Buonaparte were , first , to ruin our commerce through our colonies ; and secondly , to starve the people of this country into submission . If relief was refused to the West India merchants , it was probable that both these objects would be obtained . The colonies would certainly be ruined , and the first bad harvest might go near to starve the country , as long as there was no place to import from . He thought that the measure would not at all prevent the farmers from getting a fair price for their Corn , although it might prevent them from getting