reprisals ; of which last it had been said by high and undoubted authority , that 'the law of nations does not allow them but in case of violent injury , directed , or supported by the state , and of justice in re minimè dubiâ , absolutely denied ' The seizure and detention of ships and property belonging to the subjects of a foreign state could therefore only be justified by a previous act of aggression ; and , except in the instance to which he felt it to be his duty to call the attention of the house , it could not be shewn that an order for that purpose had ever been issued under the authority of the British government , unless it had been preceded by the existence of a real , or supposed cause of war.—It would be recollected , that in the month of July last , when a large armament was assembling on the eastern coast of this kingdom , its probable destination was a subject of general and anxious speculation ; and it appeared that a rumour had reached the masters of Danish merchant ships , then in our ports , that it was directed to the Baltic , in consequence of a misunderstanding between this country and Denmark . An immediate enquiry was accordingly made of the British government through the Danish Minister , Mr. Rist : the answer , whatever it was , certainly was not one which confirmed , or created apprehension : their enquiries were then directed through the same channel to the government of their own country , from whom , on the 10th of August , an answer , of which the following is an extract , was received through the College of Commerce at Copenhagen , and communicated to them by the Danish Consul , Mr. Wolff : —In reply to your letter of 14th inst . ( July ) , stating that it is currently reported in London , that a misunderstanding 302 is likely to arise betwixt Denmark and Great Britain , we acquaint you herewith , that such report is entirely without foundation , and that nothing has been done on our parts , whereby the good understanding hitherto subsisting betwixt both courts could anyways be considered lessened or interrupted . We request therefore , that you will positively contradict such unfounded rumours , and quiet the apprehensions of our sea-faring countrymen , assuring them , that they have no reason to fear , as the College will not fail , should any unforeseen event have a detrimental influence on Denmark 's hitherto maintained neutrality , to give the earliest information thereof , through the Royal Consuls , to all our sea-faring countrymen.—To Mr. Wolff ; London.—This communication had the intended effect ; the fears of the sea-faring subjects of Denmark then in our ports , were completely quieted ; and they remained in this state of confidence and delusion till the end of August . Nothing indeed occurred to alter it ; on the contrary , it was known , that after the sailing of admiral Gambier , on the 30th of July , many ships had cleared out for Danish ports , and some with admiralty licences ; and so little apprehensive was the Danish consul of approaching hostilities , that , in many instances in which offers were made to release , upon the payment of certain charges , Danish ships which had been brought in , under the expectation of a rupture , he positively rejected all such offers , being resolved that the captors should abide the consequences of their own violence and injustice . In Denmark too , a similar degree of confidence and delusion prevailed . The appearance of the British fleet produced no alarm at Copenhagen , nor any degree of caution with respect to ships , then preparing to proceed to British ports . In proof of this , lord Sidmouth read the following extract of a letter from the captain of the Danish ship , Frederica : —I received a letter from my agents , Messrs. J. P. Suhn and son ,