admire the persons , by whom it was wrought . As an Irishman , I must view it with very opposite sentiments . To Ireland it operated as an infliction from Providence . Havock and proscription came in its train ; and its history is written in blood . It is to justify the revolution to the Irish people , to make it a source of liberty and happiness . In tardy retribution for the oppression of former times , I wish you to commence by granting the prayer of the petition . If you wish us , as Irishmen , to respect the institutions , with which you connect the idea of liberty , you must give us a practical interest in their preservation . But nothing can be so false , as that the religion of this country was established by the aid of penal laws , or derives its security from them . The reformation , on the contrary , succeeded in defiance of the most sanguinary laws , and the most tyrannical execution of them . It sprang from the free exercise of reason ; made its progress through the minds of men : and Henry the 8th , whose conversion suited his own profligate views , had only to acquiesce in the general opinion of the people . If Elizabeth exercised severity on the score of religion , it was , because religion connected itself with the political dangers which threatened her . With a rival to her throne in this very island : that rival connected by marriage with France ; supported by all the zeal and the formidable power of Spain ; her claims acknowledged by all the Catholics of England ; with Ireland in constant rebellion . These are circumstances which would account for jealous and severe exertions of power . Yet could that wise princess , even under such provocations , distinguish , as she says in her speech to the parliament , 'the papists in conscience from 'the papists in faction . ' But the laws , of which the petitioners complain , did not then exist , and can not be justified by precedent from the success of Elizabeth . Neither can analogy exist between the present , and the time of her reign ; when the power of Rome was in its plenitude , and all its force directed against England.—The reign of Charles the 2d , to which we owe the corporation and test acts , 583 however it may boast the enactment of some laws favourable to civil liberty , is a period to which those , best acquainted with its real history , will look with extreme distrust and jealousy for an example ; particularly in matters connected with religion . Certainly there are no circumstances more disgraceful to the character of parliament , than those which marked the proceedings of that period . We shall pause , before we determine that the temper , the impartiality , or the wisdom of those , who declared and sanctioned the belief of that infamous imposture , `` the Popish Plot , '' are deserving of imitation ; when this house was converted into a court of injustice , to criminate , without proof , the most innocent men , or the flagrant perjuries of the most infamous ; when your journals were prostituted into inflammatory pamphlets , and circulated to excite the worst passions amongst an ignorant people ; when the courts of law were made the mere engines of fanaticism and the most remorseless tyranny . Such is not exactly the period to which , from an enlightened age , we should refer for lessons in legislation , or the doctrines which we should deem sacred and immutable . It may not be unprofitable to observe , that , during the religious delusion then raised , the most dangerous encroachments on liberty and the constitution were made by that worthless monarch ; who , destitute himself of religion , was ready to make it , to one part of his people , an instrument of imposition , and of oppression to the other . I