at present existed . He had laboured to carry into effect some measures of the kind , and the opinions he had heard this day would encourage him to further exertions . As to sending Irish and Scotch paupers to their parishes , he thought it highly objectionable , and if passed into a law , would be attended with the most grievous consequences : in Ireland , where there were no poor laws , the oppression would be excessive.—After a few further observations by general Mathew , Mr. Croker , and sir R. Peele , colonel Stanley declared , that he felt it his duty to take the sense of the house upon the bill . A division then took place , when there appeared ; For the second reading 11 ; Against it 114 . Majority against the bill 103. hoped , if it was in the contemplation of any hon . gent , to move that 425 they should be printed , that he would give I proper notice of his intention . stated , that the papers moved for on the affairs of India consisted of no less than 5800 folio pages , and that the printing of them would cost 12,000l . said , that the expence of printing papers was a growing evil which ought to be corrected , as it amounted now to no less a sum than 90,000l . a year . He hoped that it would be left to a committee to make a selection of such as it might be thought expedient to print . protested against the doctrine , that the members of the house of commons should be debarred from information , because this could not be communicated without incurring a certain ex-pence . Was there any man , for instance , who would regret the expence which had been incurred , in printing the papers relative to the transactions in the Carnatic ? He admitted , that on the present occasion , it might not be necessary to print the voluminous mass of papers now upon the table ; still , however , he thought that it would be better even to expend 10,000l . in having them printed , than to assent to the proposition of the hon . gent , who had just sat down , of entrusting a special committee with the power of selecting such as they might think proper to print ; a proceeding which was contrary to all parliamentary usage , and from which very bad consequences might result.—The Papers were then ordered to lie upon the table . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill , to limit the excessive depression of the Wages of persons employed in the weaving of Cotton . He was induced to this step , not from a conviction of the propriety of fixing the minimum of wages , but in compliance with the wishes of a numerous and respectable class of persons who were now suffering peculiar hardships , and who were at the same time supporting them with a patience and resolution which did them credit . The measure was proposed with the consent of the masters as well as of the journeymen , and he was sure that the house would be anxious to grant them every possible relief . asked , whether it was meant that the operation of the bill should be general , or that it should be confined to those places where the weavers had petitioned for relief ? replied , that it was intended that its operation should be limited to 426 those places from whence the petitions had been received . declared his opinion that the bill for which the right hon . gent . had moved , would , if carried into a law , have the most mischievous tendency , not only to the Cotton manufacturers , but to the persons for whose relief it was intended . Much of the distress that was at present felt by the Cotton Weavers , he conceived to arise , not from the wages being too low , but because at one time they