provision for the authors and for the universities , which had been jointly secured in former acts . He was of opinion , however , that the author had , at common law , an unlimited copyright , which was restrained by the 8th of Anne . But it appeared to him that the notoriety which would arise to works from copies being given to the universities , would be an equivalent to the author for the copies he should deliver to such institutions . stated that it was with extreme reluctance he consented to the separation of the bill ; but , as he could not put his opinion in opposition to the authority upon which that proposition was made , he felt inclined to accede to it ; at the same time , he gave notice that , at an early period of next session , he should move for leave to bring in a bill similar to that which was now to be divided.—The bill was then ordered to be recommitted ; and an instruction having been voted to the committee for dividing the bill , the house resolved into the committee . stated his objections to the further progress of this bill at this late period of the session ; and therefore moved that the chairman do now leave the chair . A short discussion then took place , in which Mr. Leycester , Dr. Laurence , the Attorney General , Mr. W. Smith , and Mr. C. Wynne , participated ; after which the Attorney General declared , that upon consideration , he was inclined to think it would be better to proceed with the whole of the bill without any division , because it would certainly be desirable that the burden should be imposed by the same measure that was to confer the benefit . He hoped , therefore , that the amendment suggested by his learned 992 friend ( sir S. Romilly ) would obviate the principal objections to the bill.—Mr . C. Wynne , and Mr. W. Smith , repeated their objections to proceeding further with the bill at this late period of the session , contending that it would not be decent to pass such a measure without affording an opportunity to the booksellers , particularly in Ireiand , to be heard on the subject . contended , that the measure would not at all affect the booksellers or publishers , because it was to apply only to future publications , and those persons would in their bargains with the authors indemnify themselves for any number of copies which they might be required under this act to deliver into the universities and other public institutions . On the motion of the Attorney General , it was agreed that those who wished to waive their copyright ; should not be obliged to give the copies of publications required by the bill ; and it was also provided that those who did not give the copies required , should have no copyright . contended that the public curiosity would be more earnest by abridging the period of copyright ; he proposed to limit it to 20 years , instead of 28. insisted , that the term of 28 years was not too much for a just copyright . He cited the cases of Dr. Adam Smith 's works , and Dr. Johnson 's dictionary , to prove that most valuable works were not properly estimated till they had gone through many editions , and had been long before the public . He therefore thought an extended term of copyright was desirable . thought the present period of the session too late for the agitation of this subject . He thought eleven copies too many to require , and that when no complaint was made on the part of authors , of booksellers , or the public , it was unnecessary to alter the law as it stood . defended the proposition of the attorney general , which was agreed to . proposed to render the supply of copies to the Universities obligatory only when called for . On explanation this difficulty was removed