had been guilty of the charges laid against him , and , on account of which , his situation had been forfeited , he asked , if it was possible to maintain that his misconduct had not divested him of the emolument as well as of the office ? Though he did consider Mr. Palmer as having been a useful servant to the public , yet he was of opinion he was already sufficiently recompensed , and he should therefore resist the present unjustifiable and extravagant demand . It seems desirable that previous to any remark on the subject before us , notice should be taken of an opinion which , however foreign from the merits of the question , may have considerable share in influencing the decision of it : namely , that this is a question on which those who vote on one side or the other may be considered as voting on principles of party . On what grounds this idea should be taken up , or how the ministers should be fond of countenancing it , 290 I am at a loss to discover . In respect to the fact , and so far as regards myself , I declare I came into the house the other day not knowing that any question upon this subject was to be brought on , and equally ignorant of the part , which any of those with whom I usually act , were likely to take . This may , surely , be received as reasonable evidence , that the support given to Mr. Palmer by any gentlemen on this side of the house has not been the effect of concert , or of an opinion that they were required on this occasion to act in a body . For the views and motives of those who wish to convey this impression , though it is easy to understand , how the reduction of the question to a question of party may contribute to the decision , which they are desirous of producing , it is not equally easy to believe that they should be willing to purchase , this advantage at the price of representing a question on which the minister was beat , as one that had been decided on party principles . Had we attempted to set up such a conclusion , they would have ridiculed us , and justly , as laying claim to a triumph , to which we could have no pretence . I leave them to chuse between a confession of the weakness of their influence , and an admission that the merits of Mr. Palmer 's case are so strong , that With all their influence , they are unable to resist them.—Another topic not less extraordinary , is that which has been broached by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Banks ) of the want of proper notice , and of the house having been taken by surprize . I know not what is to be deemed a notice , if an intention distinctly announced and formally entered , and resting in the Order Book during a period , I believe , of seven weeks , is not to be taken as such.—Both of these , it is plain , are points , which , though calculated to have an influence upon the decision , have nothing to do with the merits of the case . The last of them also , viz . that of the want of notice , is new : but , excepting that , nothing has been urged in the present debate , that was not fully under the consideration of the house at the time when the question was before discussed , and when the opinion of the house upon it was formally taken.—For the sake of such gentlemen as were not then present , it may be proper to observe , that the question was discussed upon two distinct grounds : first those of a bargain independent of its merits , and secondly , those of the merits independent of any bargain . It is to be remarked , 291 that a