the whole of this business there is the most unfavourable appearance of combination . Ministers appear to have been galled by a defeat in the other house . They have even acknowledged their vexation , and have extravagantly taxed the decision as the result of party management against them . What of party is there in such a question ; what of management ? The question was not carried by surprize . Never , perhaps , was a subject so thoroughly debated before . If I am not misinformed , there were nine discussions , and five divisions on this matter in the house of commons , in all of which 968 Mr. Palmer 's Claim was declared by unprecedented majorities . It was the triumph of honest feeling and a clear sense of justice over the most powerful influence . I do not bid you seek examples elsewhere . This house has been honoured , and justly honoured , by the public , for the equity with which it has always protected the interests of individuals . The appearances on this occasion are quite novel , and they are also quite intelligible . I will only say upon them that , if for the calamity of the country a means were to be devised for lowering the house of lords in general estimation , nothing could be more effectual than that there should be on a question of justice such a display of preparation as has now taken place , and that the management should prove successful.—For my own part , totally unconnected with Mr. Palmer , my support is influenced by no other motive than the merits of his Claims : for I declare to noble lords , that I never in my life stood forward in defence of a measure in which I was so strongly convinced of the justice of its basis , or felt a greater desire to see that justice done . If the noble baron had studied the evidence with the same attention that I have done , I am satisfied he must , of necessity , have come to the same conclusion . Great injustice has been done to Mr. Palmer , in the manner in which the bill has been brought forward . Your lordships have not the whole of the case before you , and consequently have not the means of coming to an impartial decision upon it . To afford you that opportunity , I shall move that your lordships do now adjourn . By adopting this motion , you will avoid coming to a decision upon the question , and leave the principle of the bill open to future discussion . felt himself perfectly willing to allow , that a positive bargain had been made in the first instance between government and Mr. Palmer , and he thought that no imputation of unfairness ought to rest upon ministers for not calling upon lord Camden and the bishop of Lincoln for their evidence , since all they could possibly relate would only confirm what there was no intention of disputing , namely , the actual existence of the contract ; but though he fully admitted that this bargain had been originally concluded , still he must express himself decidedly of opinion , that the subsequent conduct of Mr. Palmer in office , and his acceptance of 3,000l . per annum , must be 969 considered as a forfeiture of his claims upon government , and an implied acknowledgment upon his part , that such forfeiture had been justly incurred , and that he assented to the measures afterwards adopted . Indeed , the noble lord said he must consider Mr. Palmer in the present instance to have submitted too hastily to the undigested advice of his friends when he consented to the revision of these claims . It would have been more politic , in all respects , to have suffered them to rest quietly in the state to which former arrangements had reduced them . There were many objections to the further progress of this bill ; but , did there exist no other than respect for the