I can not perceive in what respect it has merited the severe reproach cast upon it by hon . gentlemen.—Sir , as I consider Mr. Palmer 's right to what he claims , to be confirmed by the votes of this house , it would be useless for me to repeat the opinion I have already expressed , especially as the present question is certainly unconnected with the justice or injustice of the case . As I approve of the present motion , I shall give my voice towards its being carried into effect . —Sir , there is certainly no necessity for calling on the other house to Interfere in an investigation like the present . This house alone is the best judge of the appeal ; here is now no question of interpretation of contract , but a plain question of fact already determined by a decision of this house ; but the right hon . gent . in contempt of that grave decision , established by five distinct and large majorities , has made his present motion to the house . The right hon . gent . I think acted right in giving the consent of the crown , if he had intended to support the measure , or at least to have stood neuter ; but his conduct has been extremely faulty in giving the house the trouble of debating a question like this , when he was determined that their endeavours should be frustrated in the manner now proposed.— The hon . gent . who spoke last says there are many precedents in support of this motion ; now , after a most diligent search for upwards of one hundred years , there are just six produced , and even those have scarcely any connection with this question ; yet the honorable gentleman appeals to the number of precedents in support of the motion ! The same hon . gent . advises caution in our proceedings , for it would be extremely inconsistent ( he says ) to compel the lords to grant the arrears , when they have rejected the future remuneration . Now , that they would reject the arrears also , is certainly a non sequitur , for they might think this sum a sufficient reward , and the future grant too much . I do not say it is very probable , but it is certainly very possible.—This certainly is the first time I ever heard the house of commons should pursue a measure contrary to its own resolutions , merely out of compliment to the lords . The method of tacking bills , as it is called , to the Appropriation act , may , certainly , in some instances be mischievous ; but if this house 1038 had not been pretty firm in money affairs , it would , ere this , have lost one of its greatest privileges.—For what motive , sir , did the house declare its favourable opinion on this case , in nine different debates ? Why , that Mr. Palmer should be paid his debt ; and , for what motive has the right hon . gent . made this motion to the house ? Why , to render nugatory that well weighed and repeatedly pronounced decision . I think the house must be strangely infatuated to cringe thus to the house of lords . If the house thought their vote was wrong , surely the most manly way would be to rescind that vote ; but , no ; the right hon . gent . has not brought forward one single argument to invalidate the grant in any respect , and surely it will require some stronger motive than the obstinacy of a chancellor of the exchequer , and a few straggling unsuiting precedents , to induce this house to act in the mean , shabby , and evasive manner he has proposed to us.—The right hon . gent . was placed by his sovereign in the situation which he now fills , with the hopes , that his conduct would be such as would engage the confidence and conciliate the support of