the Bank was empowered to issue , and the distribution of any surplus that might arise to the subscribers . According to the accounts on the table , it appeared that the bank had issued notes to a larger amount than that to which by the bill it was limited ; and that the subscribers had subscribed only the same sums as before . He was at a loss to see where was the necessity of providing for the distribution of the overplus . This latter clause surely contained as gross a bull as ever was imported from Ireland . rose to order . He could not sit silent and hear reflections thrown out upon the country to which he belonged , nor would he tolerate them from any noble lord . meant no disrespect to Ireland ; he had often been rallied himself on the accent he had brought from his country , without being hurt at it . The best authorities considered bulls as the offspring of a quick imagination . But surely an act of parliament was not the most suitable place for exhibiting flights of fancy . saw no necessity for consulting the Judges on the clauses referred to by the noble baron . As a lawyer , he might take upon him to say that the Judges would give no opinion as to the illegality or obscurity of the clauses ; but he was not now delivering the opinion of a lawyer.—After a few words from lord Lauderdale , the motion was negatived without a division.—The bill was then read a third time and passed . rose and observed , that it was not necessary for him to detain their lordships by any minute explanation of 999 the measure now proposed . It was one , which , when fairly considered , would be found highly expedient under all the circumstances of the present moment . The country was now completely excluded from any supplies of corn from the continent of Europe , and from America . A scarcity of provisions had been felt in many parts of the united kingdom ; in Scotland , oats were scarce , and had risen in price ; in Ireland the potatoe crop had in a great degree failed , which produced a greater consumption of corn , so that prudence dictated a measure which , while it seasonably provided against a scarcity in one quarter , would afford relief in another , where distress had arisen from a superabundance of other articles . There was now a glut in the market , of West India produce , which proved highly injurious to the interests of the West Indian proprietor . This glut would be relieved by encouraging distillation from sugar , without producing any detriment whatever to the interests and improvement of agriculture . He trusted , therefore , the measure would be cheerfully acquiesced in . thought the measure pregnant with the most injurious consequences to the agricultural interests of ! the country . He admitted that what was used in the distilleries , or in other purposes different from that of immediate sustenance in a year of plenty , might come in aid of the supply in a year of scarcity , and that it might , in consequence of scarcity , become absolutely necessary to stop the distilleries ; but , generally speaking , it was much better to leave agriculture and distillation to themselves ; if the price of grain became so high in consequence of scarcity that the distillation of it would not yield a profit , the distilleries must of course stop . The high price of grain would also be an encouragement to further cultivation ; the produce of which being brought to market would lower the price . The high price of grain might have the effect of inducing the conversion of a portion of grass land into tillage , which would immediately tend to lower the price of grain ; and if only a thirtieth part of the grass land in the united kingdom was converted into tillage , he believed there would be no necessity for the